# EFTA02414080

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmailcom>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent|Sun Jun 06 16:38:30 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 6/6/2010 8:51:41 PM Subject: Re: I think you're having burger envy. From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L Sent: Sun Jun 06 16:38:30 2010 Subject: have you had a burger from bohemian„ lower cast side? ******* *************** ******** ****** ******

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 6/6/2010 8:51:41 PM Subject: Re: I think you're having burger envy. From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L Sent: Sun Jun 06 16:38:30 2010 Subject: have you had a burger from bohemian„ lower cast side? ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside infor

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Sun 6/6/2010 8:51:41 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I think you're having burger envy. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmailcom> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Sent: Sun Jun 06 16:38:30 2010 
Subject: 
have you had a burger from bohemian„ lower cast side? 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01476872 
EFTA02414080

