# EFTA02409986

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Mon Nov 22 11:51:50 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com] From: Peggy Siegal Sent Mon 11/22/2010 5:42:56 PM Subject Re: Andrew Title: Re: Andrew Doing a lunch at Four Seasons now. Will address after. — Original Message — From: Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Mon Nov 22 11:51:50 2010 Subject: young fun people for andrew the week of the 29th? The information contained in this communica

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com(jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Mon 11/22/2010 5:42:56 PM 
Subject Re: Andrew 
Title: Re: Andrew 
Doing a lunch at Four Seasons now. Will address after. 
— Original Message — 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Mon Nov 22 11:51:50 2010 
Subject: 
young fun people for andrew the week of the 29th? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information. and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error. please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
E FTA_R 1_01470512 
EFTA02409986

