# EFTA00015691 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Strauss, Audrey (USANYS)
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Saturda , June 27, 2020 8:39 AM
- **Subject:** Re: GM Press Materials

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: "Strauss, Audrey (USANYS)" Subject: FW: GM Press Materials Date: Sun, 28 Jun 2020 00:19:03 +0000 Attachments: Ghislaine Maxwell_Press_Remarks_v3_(ig_edits).docx I have some thoughts and edits on the draft remarks for your consideration in the attached version. As you'll see, they're principally geared toward simplifying some of the language and shortening sentences. Thanks. From: Strauss, Audrey (USANYS) Sent: Saturda ,

### Match 2
> om my iPhone On Jun 26, 2020, at 6:45 PM, Nrote: Audrey — We've put together some draft remarks and a Q&A for a potential press conference next week. The team is also working with the press office to put together a visual. Happy to discuss further after you've had a chance to review. Thanks, <Ghislaine Maxwell Press Remarks v3.docx> <Maxwell possible QA v2.docx> EFTA00015691

### Match 3
> From: To: "Strauss, Audrey (USANYS)" Subject: FW: GM Press Materials Date: Sun, 28 Jun 2020 00:19:03 +0000 Attachments: Ghislaine Maxwell_Press_Remarks_v3_(ig_edits).docx I have some thoughts and edits on the draft remarks for your consideration in the attached version. As you'll see, they're principally geared toward simplifying some of the language and shortening sentences. Thanks. From: Strauss, Audrey (USANYS) Sent: S

### Match 4
> Nrote: Audrey — We've put together some draft remarks and a Q&A for a potential press conference next week. The team is also working with the press office to put together a visual. Happy to discuss further after you've had a chance to review. Thanks, <Ghislaine Maxwell Press Remarks v3.docx> <Maxwell possible QA v2.docx> EFTA00015691
