# EFTA02225245

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** staying there) 8H (Karyna and her cats will be there) 10B We guest, please knock) I OF apt, she might be there) I IP (Karen staying there, but she will be at 71st) 11B apt. she will most likely not be there) Thank you! Lesley EFTA_R1_00967138 EFTA02225245 On Oct 2, 2017, at 8:15 AM, Andrew wrote: Hello. Cesar goes with the exterminator to each apt. I can have him contact Merwin Wednesday morning around 1030 and they can do the Epstein Pats first. All chemical they use are both pet and kid friendly. The occupants don't need to vacate. Let me know if you have any other question

**[WORD]:** llo. Cesar goes with the exterminator to each apt. I can have him contact Merwin Wednesday morning around 1030 and they can do the Epstein Pats first. All chemical they use are both pet and kid friendly. The occupants don't need to vacate. Let me know if you have any other questions. Thanks. Andrew. Sent from my iPhone On Oct 2, 2017, at 6:52 AM, Lesley Groff ‹ > wrote: Good morning Andrew. Hope you had a super weekend. Can you please advise if occupants of the apartments need to vacate while the exterminator is there and if so for how long? Is it ok to leave pets in the apartment wh

**[WORD]:** ing around 1030 and they can do the Epstein Pats first. All chemical they use are both pet and kid friendly. The occupants don't need to vacate. Let me know if you have any other questions. Thanks. Andrew. Sent from my iPhone On Oct 2, 2017, at 6:52 AM, Lesley Groff ‹ > wrote: Good morning Andrew. Hope you had a super weekend. Can you please advise if occupants of the apartments need to vacate while the exterminator is there and if so for how long? Is it ok to leave pets in the apartment while the exterminator is there? Does he leave anything behind a pet could get into? These are qu

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
merwin dela cruz 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Mon 10/2/2017 4:37:32 PM 
Subject Re: List of Apartments we want Exterminated Wed. Oct. 4th 
ok, very good 
On Oct 2, 2017, at 12:33 PM, Merwin Dela cruz ‹
> 
wrote: 
Most likely Leo or myself. 
Sent from Yahoo Mail for iPhone 
On Monday, October 2. 20 I 7. I2:,2 PM. Lesley Groff <lesley.jec@gmail.com> wrote: 
do you know who you will send? 
On Oct 2 2017. at 12:31 PM, Merwin Dela cruz 
wrote: 
Ok. 
Thanks 
Sent from Yahoo Mail for iPhone 
On Monday, October 2, 2017, 10:49 AM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Andrew and Merwin, we need to 
exterminate the following apartments on 
Wed. : 
3M (VERY bad roach problem!!) 
7J (we have a guest, please knock first) 
8A (the Toylo's are staying there) 
8H (Karyna and her cats will be there) 
10B We
 guest, please knock) 
I OF 
apt, she might be there) 
I IP (Karen staying there, but she will be at 
71st) 
11B 
apt. she will most likely not 
be there) 
Thank you! Lesley 
EFTA_R1_00967138 
EFTA02225245

On Oct 2, 2017, at 8:15 AM, 
Andrew 
wrote: 
Hello. Cesar goes with the exterminator to 
each apt. I can have him contact Merwin 
Wednesday morning around 1030 and they 
can do the Epstein Pats first. All chemical 
they use are both pet and kid friendly. The 
occupants don't need to vacate. Let me 
know if you have any other questions. 
Thanks. Andrew. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 2, 2017, at 6:52 AM, Lesley Groff ‹
> 
wrote: 
Good morning Andrew. Hope you had a 
super weekend. Can you please advise if 
occupants of the apartments need to vacate 
while the exterminator is there and if so for 
how long? Is it ok to leave pets in the 
apartment while the exterminator is there? 
Does he leave anything behind a pet could 
get into? These are questions we need to 
know as soon as possible. I need to tell our 
guests and the girls...thank you! Merwin, 
please advise who can meet with the 
exterminator on Wed. and go around with 
him to let him in each apartment. Thanks, 
Lesley 
On Sep 29, 2017, at 1:05 PM, 
Andrew 
wrote: 
He normally comes around 1045am and will 
be here till about 3 pm. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00967139 
EFTA02225246

On Sep 29, 2017, at 12:57 PM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Andrew, I need to know if the occupants 
need to vacate the apartment and if so, for 
how long also...please let me know! 
Anything else you believe I should pass on 
please let me know as well...thanks, Lesley 
On Sep 29, 2017, at 9:53 AM, 
Andrew 
MIMI
> wrote: 
Hello Leslie. The exterminator will be in the 
building to service our apts on this 
Wednesday Oct 4. Can you please give me 
a detailed list of the codes for all apartments 
so we can gain access. Let me know. 
Thank you Andrew. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 28, 2017, at 11:07 AM, Lesley Groff ‹
> 
wrote: 
Merwin and Andrew! this is 3M! We need 
an exterminator ASAP! Our guest can't 
sleep knowing there are roaches crawling 
around her apartment and on her bed! Can 
you please help!? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Re: Morning! All 
ok?? 
Date: September 28, 2017 at 
10:52:04 AM EDT 
To: Lesley Groff 
<imagel.JPG> 
EFTA_R1_00967140 
EFTA02225247

<image2.JPG> 
Envoye de mon iPhone 
Le 28 sept. 2017 a 
10:13 Lesl 
Groff 
a ecrit : 
Morning 
Wanted to make sure you are ok 
....Jeffrey says he 
skyped you twice 
but has not heard 
back... 
Did the roaches carry you away! ha! ewe...sorry... 
Did the guy come with the roach traps? 
Email me back or call me 
thanks, LEsley 
EFTA_R1_00967141 
EFTA02225248

