# EFTA02280980

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Hagen, Maddie|
|Sent|Wednes ay, Apri 3, 2019 2:36 PM|
|Subject|Jeffrey Eps|

---

**[WORD]:** Maddie wrote: ALF has lunch and dinner plans tomorrow and Friday. Any chance Jeffrey can meet on Friday after lunchtime. Say, 2pm? Might that work? Thank you, Maddie From Sent: Wednes ay, Apri 3, 2019 2:36 PM To: Hagen, Maddie Subject: Jeffrey Eps Hi Maddie! Jeffrey is in NY and asking if Andrew would like to come see him tomorrow, Thursday April 4 or Friday April 5...please let me know...below arc some day/times that work: Thursday April 4- 8:30am Breakfast 12:00pm Lunch Any time after 5:30pm Friday April 5: 8:30am Breakfast 12:30pm Lunch Anytime after 6pm Let me know! and if no

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Ha en Maddie 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 4/3/2019 10:21:45 PM 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Let me get back to you. ! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 3, 2019, at 6:06 PM, Hagen, Maddie 
wrote: 
ALF has lunch and dinner plans tomorrow and Friday. Any chance Jeffrey can meet on 
Friday after lunchtime. Say, 2pm? Might that work? 
Thank you, 
Maddie 
From 
Sent: Wednes ay, Apri 3, 2019 2:36 PM 
To: Hagen, Maddie 
Subject: Jeffrey Eps 
Hi Maddie! Jeffrey is in NY and asking if Andrew would like to come see him 
tomorrow, Thursday April 4 or Friday April 5...please let me know...below arc 
some day/times that work: 
Thursday April 4-
8:30am Breakfast 
12:00pm Lunch 
Any time after 5:30pm 
Friday April 5: 
8:30am Breakfast 
12:30pm Lunch 
Anytime after 6pm 
Let me know! and if nothing above works, suggest something and we can see if 
we can make it work! 
ssistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_01101570 
EFTA02280980

This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using 
this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance 
thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please 
contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital 
Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01101571 
EFTA02280981

