# EFTA02711923

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5"|
|To|=/b>"Richard Kahn|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>AFSI Pfd|

---

**[WORD]:** achments: Bannerless E Red (AFSI Series D).pdf; Untitled attachment 00317.htm another preferred offering if you are interested.. please advise Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 tel fax cell Begin forwarded message: <I I From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" To: =/b>"Richard Kahn Subject: =/b>AFSI Pfd Date: =/b>March 12, 2015 at 10:23:20 AM =DT Rich, Busy day in new issue =fds. Also pricing a $25 par preferred: $25 Par New Issue Syndicate Offering: AmTrust Financial =ervices (AFSI) =nbsp; &n=sp; EFTA_R1_02127698 EFTA02711923 Issuer: =

**[WORD]:** h may =nclude working capital, capital expenditures and/or strategic =cquisitions =nbsp; &n=sp; DRD/QDI =ligible: &=bsp; Yes, See Red for tax and withholding =etails Listing: &nbs=; NYSE =xpected Timing: = Today's =usiness =nbsp; &n=sp; Speak soon, 2 EFTA_R1_02127699 EFTA02711924 Andrew Andrew S. Atlas Financial =dvisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan =omplex 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor New York, =Y 10104 Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn < 
Sent: 
Thursday, Marc
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: AFSI Pfd 
Attachments: 
Bannerless E Red (AFSI Series D).pdf; Untitled attachment 00317.htm 
another preferred offering if you are interested.. 
please advise 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
<I
I
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn 
Subject: =/b>AFSI Pfd 
Date: =/b>March 12, 2015 at 10:23:20 AM =DT 
Rich, 
Busy day in new issue =fds. Also pricing a $25 par preferred: 
$25 Par New Issue Syndicate Offering: 
AmTrust Financial =ervices (AFSI) 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
EFTA_R1_02127698 
EFTA02711923

Issuer: 
= 
AmTrust =inancial Services (Ticker: AFSI) 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Securities =ffered: 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/40th of a Share of _% =on-
Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Size: 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; $75mm (3mm $25 par shares) 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Expected =atings: 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; NR/NR 
Maturity: 
&nb=p; 
= 
Perpetual 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Price =alk: 
&nb=p; 
= 7.50% - 7.625% 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Offer =rice: 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; $25 per depositary share 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Dividends: =nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; Payable when, as and if declared on the 15th of March, June, 
=eptember and December beginning on 6/15/15, Fixed for =ife 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Optional =edemption: 
&nb=p; 
Callable at par on or =fter 3/xx/2020 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Use of =roceeds: 
&=bsp; 
General corporate purposes, which may =nclude working capital, capital 
expenditures and/or strategic =cquisitions 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
DRD/QDI =ligible: 
&=bsp; 
Yes, See Red for tax and withholding =etails 
Listing: 
&nbs=; 
NYSE =xpected 
Timing: 
= 
Today's =usiness 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Speak soon, 
2 
EFTA_R1_02127699 
EFTA02711924

Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial =dvisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan =omplex 
1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor New York, =Y 10104 
Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any =ecurity or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this =-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
=eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, =o the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is subject to terms 
available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If you cannot access 
this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley 
you consent to =he foregoing. 
3 
EFTA_R1_02127700 
EFTA02711925

