# EFTA02559325

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Kelly Friendly|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** s.com Follow me on twit=e Begin forwarded message: EFTA_R1_01719618 EFTA02559325 From: Kelly Friendly Date: December 2, 2017 at 8:16.13 AM EST To: Lawrence Henry Summers Subject: Fwd: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? Did you see this Ke=ly Friendly Begin forwarded message: From: Andrew Friendly <andrewfriendly@gmail.com <mailto:andrewfriendly@gmai-z.com» Date: December 2, 2017 at 7:29:07 AM EST To: Kelly Friendly <kellyfriendly@gmail.com <mailto:kellyfriendly@gmail.com» Subject: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? https://www.facebook.com/senatorsandersivide=s/101565453

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, December 2, 2017 2:37 PM 
To: 
Larry Summers 
Subject: 
Re: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? 
why cry? 
On Sat, Dec 2, 2017 at 9:30 AM, Larry Summers «mailto 
wrote: 
I don't know whether to laugh or cry 
Sent from my iPhone 
Please direct all scheduling inquiries to my office at: 
Follow me on twit=erigumum 
:) 
On Dec 2, 2017, at 9:29 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> wrote: 
like the hunt for easter eggs. your friend andrew ha= so far only found one . and it was brighly colored 
On Sat, Dec 2, 2017 at 9:23 AM, Larry Summers 
wrote:
???? 
Se=t from my iPhone 
Please direct all scheduling inquiries to my office at: Ihsoffice@lawrencesummers.com 
Follow me on twit=e 
Begin forwarded message: 
EFTA_R1_01719618 
EFTA02559325

From: Kelly Friendly 
Date: December 2, 2017 at 8:16.13 AM EST 
To: Lawrence Henry Summers 
Subject: Fwd: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? 
Did you see this 
Ke=ly Friendly 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Andrew Friendly <andrewfriendly@gmail.com 
<mailto:andrewfriendly@gmai-z.com» 
Date: December 2, 2017 at 7:29:07 AM EST 
To: Kelly Friendly <kellyfriendly@gmail.com <mailto:kellyfriendly@gmail.com» 
Subject: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? 
https://www.facebook.com/senatorsandersivide=s/10156545332157908/ 
<https://www.facebook.com/senatorsandersivideos/101565453321=7908/> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01719619 
EFTA02559326

=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a113e7dba6cdec7055f5c6bc9-- conversation-id 905 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1512225427 flags 
8590195717 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 774328 
3 
EFTA_R1_01719620 
EFTA02559327

