# EFTA02430064

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|JE Jail leevacation@gmail.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject|pies|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffreyfieevacation©gmail.conn] From: Eva Dubin Sent Sun 3/7/2010 10:17:57 PM Subject RE: pics number? Date: Sun, 7 Mar 2010 10:58:47 -0500 Subject: Fwd: pics From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: evadubin@hotmail.com From: Date: un, ar , at . Subject: pies To: JE Jail leevacation@gmail.com> F Eva can come with o see it today if she wa

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffreyfieevacation©gmail.conn] 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent 
Sun 3/7/2010 10:17:57 PM 
Subject 
RE: pics 
number? 
Date: Sun, 7 Mar 2010 10:58:47 -0500 
Subject: Fwd: pics 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: evadubin@hotmail.com 
From: 
Date: un, ar , 
at . 
Subject: pies 
To: JE Jail leevacation@gmail.com>
F 
Eva can come with 
o see it today if she wants. 
I love the first one...it looks like the little one is laughing. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
Hotmail: Powerful Free email with security by Microsoft. Get it now 
EFTA_R1_01499891 
EFTA02430064

