# EFTA00030080 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 20

## Email Metadata
- **From:** I
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Frida March 12 2021 10:57 AM
- **Subject:** RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' r < To:' "< Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA Date: Fri. 12 Mar 2021 16:08:21 +0000 >, ' You're welcome to join, and I'm adding you to the calendar invitation, but certainly no need, I can deal with this one. From: Sent: Friday, March 12, 2021 11:05 AM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA Yes, so far I'm fr

### Match 2
> ect: FW: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA Date: Fri. 12 Mar 2021 16:08:21 +0000 >, ' You're welcome to join, and I'm adding you to the calendar invitation, but certainly no need, I can deal with this one. From: Sent: Friday, March 12, 2021 11:05 AM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA Yes, so far I'm free Monday a.m. pick a time and send a Webex From: < > Sent: Frida March 12 2021 10:57 AM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA >; > >; (USANYS) > Thanks for your guidance on this. Are you available for a follow-up call on Monday? I'm free be

### Match 3
> inly no need, I can deal with this one. From: Sent: Friday, March 12, 2021 11:05 AM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA Yes, so far I'm free Monday a.m. pick a time and send a Webex From: < > Sent: Frida March 12 2021 10:57 AM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA >; > >; (USANYS) > Thanks for your guidance on this. Are you available for a follow-up call on Monday? I'm free before 10:30, if you have time in the morning. Thanks, From: I Se To: Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA a I've had several dealings with who is p

### Match 4
> 10:57 AM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA >; > >; (USANYS) > Thanks for your guidance on this. Are you available for a follow-up call on Monday? I'm free before 10:30, if you have time in the morning. Thanks, From: I Se To: Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA a I've had several dealings with who is pretty responsive. I don't recall having had many dealings with the other EOUSA FOIA attorney. ists. From: Sent: Thursda To: Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA March 11 2021 10:54 AM The following EOUSA AUSAs are involved:

### Match 5
> orning. Thanks, From: I Se To: Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA a I've had several dealings with who is pretty responsive. I don't recall having had many dealings with the other EOUSA FOIA attorney. ists. From: Sent: Thursda To: Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA March 11 2021 10:54 AM The following EOUSA AUSAs are involved: to my counterpart in SFL for those cases. >; I also direct access EFTA00030080 FOIA Office Ph: Cel From: Sent: Wednesday, March 10, 2021 5:44 PM To: < > Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA >; Oh

### Match 6
> frey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA March 11 2021 10:54 AM The following EOUSA AUSAs are involved: to my counterpart in SFL for those cases. >; I also direct access EFTA00030080 FOIA Office Ph: Cel From: Sent: Wednesday, March 10, 2021 5:44 PM To: < > Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA >; Oh, sorry: our FOIA Tracking Database is designed to cover FOIA requests that are directed to our Office; it does not track FOIA requests to, e.g., the FBI, that end up in litigation in the SDNY and that our Civ Div defends. From: <a> Sent: Wednesday, March 10, 2021 5:40 PM To: Cc:

### Match 7
> Tracking Database is designed to cover FOIA requests that are directed to our Office; it does not track FOIA requests to, e.g., the FBI, that end up in litigation in the SDNY and that our Civ Div defends. From: <a> Sent: Wednesday, March 10, 2021 5:40 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA >; Thanks, could you please check your records and let us know if there are any other cases? From.'s list, it seems like at least one case is missing (there is a civil case involving a FOIA request from Radar Online). From: Sent: Wednesday, March 10, 2021 5:23 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE:

### Match 8
> s, could you please check your records and let us know if there are any other cases? From.'s list, it seems like at least one case is missing (there is a civil case involving a FOIA request from Radar Online). From: Sent: Wednesday, March 10, 2021 5:23 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA As we just discussed: Here is what we have in our FOR tracking database regarding Epstein FOlAs. And also attached is the letter in PPI about discovery vs FOIA (seep. 8) From: Sent: Wednesda , March 10, 2021 5:20 PM To: Cc: ; >; Subject: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA Hi= H

### Match 9
> frey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA As we just discussed: Here is what we have in our FOR tracking database regarding Epstein FOlAs. And also attached is the letter in PPI about discovery vs FOIA (seep. 8) From: Sent: Wednesda , March 10, 2021 5:20 PM To: Cc: ; >; Subject: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA Hi= Hope you're doing well. and =and I are trying to assemble a list of ever FOIA request our office has ever received (at any point) relating to Jeffrey Epstein and/or Ghislaine Maxwell. .uggested that you'd be the best point of contact to help us figure this out. Could you please send

### Match 10
> IA (seep. 8) From: Sent: Wednesda , March 10, 2021 5:20 PM To: Cc: ; >; Subject: Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell/FOIA Hi= Hope you're doing well. and =and I are trying to assemble a list of ever FOIA request our office has ever received (at any point) relating to Jeffrey Epstein and/or Ghislaine Maxwell. .uggested that you'd be the best point of contact to help us figure this out. Could you please send us the following information: • A list of all FOIA requests our office has received; • For each case, whether a production was made in response to the request; and • Who the AUSA point of conta
