# EFTA02549257

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=A0Calcano, Luciana|
|To|Kaw, Kristine|
|Sent|Tuesday, December 12, 2017 1:38 PM|
|Subject|Nucelar Appointment<=div>|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, December 13, 2017 11:14 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Nuclear Appointment im awake On Wed, Dec 13, 2017 at 12:03 AM, Eva Dubin <eva@dubina=dco.com <mailto:eva@dubinandco.com> wrote: Let's talk in am Please note, my email =ddress has changed to eva@dubinandco.com <mailto:eva@dubinandco.com> On Dec 12, 2017, at 7:37 PM, "jeevacation@

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, December 13, 2017 11:14 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Nuclear Appointment im awake On Wed, Dec 13, 2017 at 12:03 AM, Eva Dubin <eva@dubina=dco.com <mailto:eva@dubinandco.com> wrote: Let's talk in am Please note, my email =ddress has changed to eva@dubinandco.com <mailto:eva@dubinandco.com> On Dec 12, 2017, at 7:37 PM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> " <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:je=vacation@gma

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, December 13, 2017 11:14 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: Nuclear Appointment 
im awake 
On Wed, Dec 13, 2017 at 12:03 AM, Eva Dubin <eva@dubina=dco.com <mailto:eva@dubinandco.com> wrote: 
Let's talk in am 
Please note, my email =ddress has changed to eva@dubinandco.com <mailto:eva@dubinandco.com> 
On Dec 12, 2017, at 7:37 PM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> " 
<jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:je=vacation@gmail.com» wrote:=br> 
thanks for you help 
 
Forwarded message 
From: Lesley Groff <=a href="mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.com" target="_blank">lesley.jee@gmail.=om> 
Date: Tue, Dec 12, 2017 at 2:29 PM 
Subject: Fwd: Nuclear Appointment 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <lesley.jee@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> " <lesley.jee@gmail.com 
<mailto:lesley.jee@gm=il.com» 
Please let me know if you have any que=tions 
KK 
From: =A0Calcano, Luciana 
Sent: Tuesday, December 12, 2017 1:38 PM 
To: Kaw, Kristine 
Cc: Peitz, Erica; Zolty, Ian 
Subject: Nucelar Appointment<=div> 
Good Afternoon all, 
We received a request for an appointment for Mr. Jeffrey Epstein(mrn7206913=. Patient has been 
scheduled to come in tomorrow 12/13 @ 10am. Please note=the duration of the procedure is 5-6 hours long. No prep 
for the test is r=quired. 
EFTA_R1_01704424 
EFTA02549257

Patient will be reporting to 1190 Fifth Ave 
<https://maps.google.com/?q=1190+F=fth+Ave&entry=gmail8csourcerg> (Between 100th and 101=t street) MC Level 
Rm 175. 
Any questions please feel free to contact me at 212.241-6611 <tel:(212)%20241-=611> . 
=A0 
=A0 
=A0 
=A0 
<image001.jpg> 
Luciana Calcano 
Administrative Secretary I Division of Nuclear Medicine<=u> 
The Mount Sinai Medical Center I 1 Gustave L. Levy New York, NY 10029 
chttps://maps.google.com/?q=1+Gustave+L.+Levy+New+York,+NY+1002=*Office:+(212*&entry=gmail&source=g> 
Office: (=12) 241-6611 <tel:(212)%20241-6611> I Fax: (=12) 289-2976 del:(212)%20289-2976> 
Do not rely on emails for urgent or emergency needs. Please=contact (=12)241-6611 <tel:(212)%20241-
6611> or (=12)241-6969 <tel:(212)%20241-6969> for further assistance. 
Confidentiality Note: This message is intended for use only by=the individual or entity to which it is 
addressed and may contain informat=on that is privileged, confidential, and exempt from disclosure under applicable 
law. If the reader of this m=ssage is not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible f=r delivering the 
message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notifie= that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have=received this communication in error, please contact the sender 
imme=iately and destroy the material in its entirety, whether electronic or har= copy. Thank you. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01704425 
EFTA02549258

=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--94eb2c0375e0bc2f63056036dbc2-- conversation-id 20507 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1513163614 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 777929 
3 
EFTA_R1_01704426 
EFTA02549259

