# EFTA02381679

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com>|
|To|Bill Gates; Larry Cohen|
|Sent|Saturday, July 22, 2017 4:15:20 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Will be me. Bill out of pocket From: Larry Cohen Sent: Saturday, July 22, 2017 7:09:26 AM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Good morning - are you avail to talk at 830am(=sh) PST? From: jeffrey E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, July 22, 2017 4:15:20 AM To: Bill Gates; Larry Cohen Subject: bill, i know you are in austrailiai , hope you=are having fun. I heard from an old friend of yo=rs and thought you and I should speak. please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside i

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Larry Cohen 
Sent: 
Saturday, July 22, 2017 2:10 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
Will be me. Bill out of pocket 
From: Larry Cohen 
Sent: Saturday, July 22, 2017 7:09:26 AM 
To: jeffrey E. 
Subject: Re: 
Good morning - are you avail to talk at 830am(=sh) PST? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, July 22, 2017 4:15:20 AM 
To: Bill Gates; Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
bill, i know you are in austrailiai , hope you=are having fun. 
I heard from an old friend of yo=rs and thought you and 
I should speak. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01397249 
EFTA02381679

