# EFTA02664507

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E.|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent|Wednesday, January 11, 2017 3:42 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 9:25 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: ny On Wed, Jan 11, 2017 at 4:13 PM, Farkas, Andrew > wrote: Hi! Tried you from BVI and last week. In Florida @ strategic planning mtgs,=then to dxb for mtgs til Tues. Where r u latter part of next week? Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. From: jeffrey E. Sent: Wednesda

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 9:25 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: ny On Wed, Jan 11, 2017 at 4:13 PM, Farkas, Andrew > wrote: Hi! Tried you from BVI and last week. In Florida @ strategic planning mtgs,=then to dxb for mtgs til Tues. Where r u latter part of next week? Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. From: jeffrey E. Sent: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 3:42 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: new york?

**[WORD]:** 017 at 4:13 PM, Farkas, Andrew > wrote: Hi! Tried you from BVI and last week. In Florida @ strategic planning mtgs,=then to dxb for mtgs til Tues. Where r u latter part of next week? Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. From: jeffrey E. Sent: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 3:42 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: new york? im here, ayh ? tim=ng? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disc

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, January 11, 2017 9:25 PM 
To: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
Re: 
ny 
On Wed, Jan 11, 2017 at 4:13 PM, Farkas, Andrew 
> wrote: 
Hi! Tried you from BVI and last week. In Florida @ strategic planning mtgs,=then to dxb for mtgs til Tues. Where 
r u latter part of next week? 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 3:42 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Subject: 
new york? im here, ayh ? tim=ng? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary,=privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from dis=losure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the in=ended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reprodu=ing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
EFTA_R1_01914421 
EFTA02664507

contained herein (including any r=liance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message =n error, 
please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (in=luding any attachments) and any copies in their 
entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothi=g contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement= amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC =r any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital=Group LLC or such affiliate. 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01914422 
EFTA02664508

