# EFTA02554440

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com>|
|To|Eva Dubin|
|Sent|Thursday, December 28, 2017 2:56 PM|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Thursday, December 28, 2017 9:07 PM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Re: I love love love love my boots. T=ank you so much again. Please note, my email address has changed to: From: jeffrey E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, December 28, 2017 2:56 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re:

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Thursday, December 28, 2017 9:07 PM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Re: I love love love love my boots. T=ank you so much again. Please note, my email address has changed to: From: jeffrey E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, December 28, 2017 2:56 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: I'm in Miami On Thu, Dec 28, 2017 at 2:55 PM Eva Dubin MIIIIIIM > wrote: We are all playing basketball at=3 at the rec center. Come by and watch with the girls if you want an= have time. Please note, my email address has changed to: please note The information contained in thi

**[FULL]:** o: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Re: I love love love love my boots. T=ank you so much again. Please note, my email address has changed to: From: jeffrey E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, December 28, 2017 2:56 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: I'm in Miami On Thu, Dec 28, 2017 at 2:55 PM Eva Dubin MIIIIIIM > wrote: We are all playing basketball at=3 at the rec center. Come by and watch with the girls if you want an= have time. Please note, my email address has changed to: please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Thursday, December 28, 2017 9:07 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: Re: 
I love love love love my boots. T=ank you so much again. 
Please note, my email address has changed to: 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com> 
Sent: Thursday, December 28, 2017 2:56 PM 
To: Eva Dubin 
Subject: Re: 
I'm in Miami 
On Thu, Dec 28, 2017 at 2:55 PM Eva Dubin MIIIIIIM 
> wrote: 
We are all playing basketball at=3 at the rec center. Come by and watch with the girls if you want an= have 
time. 
Please note, my email address has changed to: 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01711847 
EFTA02554440

