# EFTA02519800

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Richard Kahn|
|Sent|Friday, September 20, 2013 08:49 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Friday, September 20, 2013 12:51 PM To: jeevacation@qmail.com*; '- Subject: Re: Thank you but it should simply be made out to The Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770. They will send you a receipt along with the 501c3 registration number and certification. Thank you, Jeffery. Very much.

**[WORD]:** ly be made out to The Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770. They will send you a receipt along with the 501c3 registration number and certification. Thank you, Jeffery. Very much. From: Jeffrey Epstein Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Friday, September 20, 2013 08:49 AM To: Richard Kahn Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: rich send andrew 50 k make out to hasty pudding 501 c3 The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: 
Friday, September 20, 2013 12:51 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@qmail.com*; '-
Subject: 
Re: 
Thank you but it should simply be made out to The Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770. They will send you a receipt along 
with the 501c3 registration number and certification. Thank you, Jeffery. Very much. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, September 20, 2013 08:49 AM 
To: Richard Kahn 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
rich send andrew 50 k make out to hasty pudding 501 c3 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in 
electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01656170 
EFTA02519800

