# EFTA02579058

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jean Luc Brunel.<|
|To|Jeffrey Ep=tein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject|FW: URGENT|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, December 25, 2013 10:16 AM To: Daphne Wallace; Richard Kahn Subject: Fwd: FW: URGENT Forwarded me=sa e From: Jean Luc Brunel.< <mailto Date: Tue, Dec 24, 2013 at 8:47 AM Subject: FW: URGENT To: Jeffrey Ep=tein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Still waiting your reply regarding email bellow , Dear Lilik, > > Would you please =o ask your costumer regarding for ISF file who will submit to US cus

**[FULL]:** I His custom broker or my agent. If my agent will =ubmit, we will need his email address to send a Power of Attorney letter t= get a sign from cnee. And also to get h=s passport and Social security number. Would you please =o inform me as soon as you get a confirmation from costumer. Hallo Mr. Jean Luc Brunel, How are you? Merry X-mast and Happy New Year 2014. That's email forward from my our shipping agent. I'm waiting your news as soon as possible. Have great day Best regard Lilik The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitu

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, December 25, 2013 10:16 AM 
To: 
Daphne Wallace; Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Fwd: FW: URGENT 
 
Forwarded me=sa e 
From: Jean Luc Brunel.< 
<mailto 
Date: Tue, Dec 24, 2013 at 8:47 AM 
Subject: FW: URGENT 
To: Jeffrey Ep=tein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Still waiting your reply regarding email bellow , 
Dear Lilik, 
> > 
Would you please =o ask your costumer regarding for ISF file who will submit to US custom? W=II His custom broker or 
my agent. 
If my agent will =ubmit, we will need his email address to send a Power of Attorney letter t= get a sign from cnee. 
And also to get h=s passport and Social security number. 
Would you please =o inform me as soon as you get a confirmation from costumer. 
Hallo Mr. Jean Luc Brunel, 
How are you? Merry X-mast and Happy New Year 2014. 
That's email forward from my our shipping agent. 
I'm waiting your news as soon as possible. 
Have great day 
Best regard 
Lilik 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
EFTA_R1_01753296 
EFTA02579058

have received t=is communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or=by e-mail to 
je=vacation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01753297 
EFTA02579059

