# EFTA02477024

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, December 29, 2015 12:34 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: lunch 31 On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 7:30 PM, Eva Dubin We are talking New Year's Eve correct? Sent from=my iPhone On Dec 28, 2015, at 7:21 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com<=a» wrote: <=iv class="gmail_quote">On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 7:00 PM, Eva Dubin > wrote: I can not eat

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, December 29, 2015 12:34 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: lunch 31 On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 7:30 PM, Eva Dubin We are talking New Year's Eve correct? Sent from=my iPhone On Dec 28, 2015, at 7:21 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com<=a» wrote: <=iv class="gmail_quote">On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 7:00 PM, Eva Dubin > wrote: I can not eat lunch that early Can we=do 1 pm ... Please Sent from my iPhone On

**[FULL]:** r 29, 2015 12:34 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: lunch 31 On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 7:30 PM, Eva Dubin We are talking New Year's Eve correct? Sent from=my iPhone On Dec 28, 2015, at 7:21 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com<=a» wrote: <=iv class="gmail_quote">On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 7:00 PM, Eva Dubin > wrote: I can not eat lunch that early Can we=do 1 pm ... Please Sent from my iPhone On Dec 28, 201=, at 6:58 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: li=e wrote: woody andsoon yi confirmed lunch=on thurs your house. 12 30. invite whomever you On Mo=, D

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, December 29, 2015 12:34 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
lunch 31 
On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 7:30 PM, Eva Dubin 
We are talking New Year's Eve correct? 
Sent from=my iPhone 
On Dec 28, 2015, at 7:21 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com<=a» wrote: 
<=iv class="gmail_quote">On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 7:00 PM, Eva Dubin 
> wrote: 
I can not eat lunch that early 
Can we=do 1 pm ... Please 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 28, 201=, at 6:58 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
li=e 
wrote: 
woody andsoon yi confirmed lunch=on thurs your house. 12 30. invite whomever you 
On Mo=, Dec 28, 2015 at 6:45 PM, Eva Dubi 
wrote: 
1 
EFTA_R1_01590769 
EFTA02477024

Sent from my iPhone 
=div> 
please not= 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidentia=, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information,=and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property o= 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communicatio= or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you=have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately=by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.co=> , 
and 
destroy this communi=ation and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all=rights reserved 
please n=te 
The information contained in this communication is 
confident=al, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informatio=, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property=of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communicat=on or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If y=u have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediate=y by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com cmailto:jeevacation@gmail.=om> , and 
destroy this commu=ication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -a=l rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
2 
EFTA_R1_01590770 
EFTA02477025

The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<h>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01590771 
EFTA02477026

