# EFTA02524484

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD, ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation, philanthrop, mit

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** heart attack. Stu=f like that! Since you've been out of the loop some interesting stuff has happe=ed to me. I've been writing for the FT style section (under a fake name) a=d friendly with some of the fancy designer types. Good practice for me! </=iv> Still working on Special Initiatives at the Gates Foundation and also =eviewing the very crazy stuff that comes our way. I think you have a much =etter sense of the real vs. fake than Bill does. I manage several different portfolios of Special Projects whose grants=commitments total about $315M. It's crazy to think about the amount of=money. Wow.

**[WORD]:** to be) and during that time I will b= Mayor of Harare (in Zimbabwe) for a week. I'm excited about that! Also still doing brain surgery and contemplating going back for more t=aining (only because the non- invasive/high tech stuff is making me feel li=e a dinosaur!). I just don't want to leave my Gates job and a little w=rried if I take any more time to be a doc, they will fire me. Not sure wha= to do but ultimately, I think I have more longevity as a superfly doc tha= I do working at the Foundation. Steve is doing fine - we just celebrated being together 10 years. Who =ould've thought? He's w

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Tuesday, September 8, 2009 6:26 AM 
Re: 
lots of science people.. code breaking, signal processing. pychopharm, memb=ane computing. all fun.. HOt yoga is not 
healthy, internal organ temp too =igh, of course you like it, endo-release up to kazoo.. liver chem goes way=off---Do you 
have a metric for success of the philanthropy. Mayor of Ha=are, sounds great. salary billion dollars a day. 
On Mon, Sep 7, 2009 at 11:49 PM, < 
<mailto 
».../span> wrote: 
Well, I certainly have missed you. 
I know that you are a keen observer and probably took away some intere=ting lessons. 
I'm sorry that you had to go through all this crap - 
Are you still doing science? Some super cool stuff out there. 
I've also got some very crazy ideas of my own that we should talk =bout. Crazy even for me, but probably right. I 
think herpes causes a few t=pes of heart disease and treating it prevents stroke and heart attack. Stu=f like that! 
Since you've been out of the loop some interesting stuff has happe=ed to me. 
I've been writing for the FT style section (under a fake name) a=d friendly with some of the fancy designer types. 
Good practice for me! </=iv> 
Still working on Special Initiatives at the Gates Foundation and also =eviewing the very crazy stuff that comes 
our way. I think you have a much =etter sense of the real vs. fake than Bill does. 
I manage several different portfolios of Special Projects whose grants=commitments total about $315M. It's 
crazy to think about the amount of=money. Wow. 
In November I am doing my annual site vists in Africa (I try to do the= all at once, Africa is a tough place to be) 
and during that time I will b= Mayor of Harare (in Zimbabwe) for a week. I'm excited about that! 
Also still doing brain surgery and contemplating going back for more t=aining (only because the non-
invasive/high tech stuff is making me feel li=e a dinosaur!). I just don't want to leave my Gates job and a little w=rried if I 
take any more time to be a doc, they will fire me. Not sure wha= to do but ultimately, I think I have more longevity as a 
superfly doc tha= I do working at the Foundation. 
Steve is doing fine - we just celebrated being together 10 years. Who =ould've thought? He's way up there at 
MSFT these days and pretty m=ch hates his job. 
I discovered hot yoga after all these years. Love it! 
EFTA_R1_01663642 
EFTA02524484

Well, I think that's about it for the past few months that you hav= been away. 
I really have missed you a lot. 
Hope that you are starting to feel back to normal and if there is anyt=ing I can do for you please let me know? 
love,M 
*************** 
********_ 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy thi= communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01663643 
EFTA02524485

