# EFTA02252926

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Andrew Farka Cc: Andrew Farka From: Sent: Wed 8/8/2018 1:47:08 PM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein fantastic. Thank you! > On Aug 8, 2018, at 9:43 AM, Hagen, Maddie wrote: > • We are confirmed! Thanks. • Ori inal Messa•e > From: > Sent: Wednesday, August 08, > To: Dowling, David; Hagen, Maddi

**[WORD]:** e: Jeffrey Epstein fantastic. Thank you! > On Aug 8, 2018, at 9:43 AM, Hagen, Maddie wrote: > • We are confirmed! Thanks. • Ori inal Messa•e > From: > Sent: Wednesday, August 08, > To: Dowling, David; Hagen, Maddie > Subject: Jeffrey Epstein > Good morning David and Maddie. Reconfirming Andrew will come see Jeffrey today at 5pm. > 9 East 71st Street between 5th and Madison. to Jeffrey Epstein 2018 7:52 AM > Sent from my iPhone > • This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. Thi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Andrew Farka 
Cc: 
Andrew Farka 
From: 
Sent: 
Wed 8/8/2018 1:47:08 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
fantastic. Thank you! 
> On Aug 8, 2018, at 9:43 AM, Hagen, Maddie 
wrote: 
> 
• We are confirmed! Thanks. 
• 
Ori inal Messa•e 
> From: 
> Sent: Wednesday, August 08, 
> To: Dowling, David; Hagen, Maddie 
> Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
> Good morning David and Maddie. Reconfirming Andrew will come see Jeffrey today 
at 5pm. 
> 9 East 71st Street between 5th and Madison. 
to Jeffrey Epstein 
2018 7:52 AM 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> 
• This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or 
using this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance 
thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, 
please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group 
LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement 
to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01042204 
EFTA02252926

