# EFTA02281553

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Monday, April 8, 2019 7:1|
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Andrew Farka Fran: Sent Mon 4/8/2019 4:17:47 PM Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein YES! 3pm today works! Should Jeffrey call Andrew in the office? On Apr 8, 2019, at 10:21 AM, Hagen, Maddie ar wrote: Hi= So sorry, it looks like they didn't get connected this weekend? 6 Any chance Jeffrey is free at 3

**[WORD]:** To: Andrew Farka Fran: Sent Mon 4/8/2019 4:17:47 PM Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein YES! 3pm today works! Should Jeffrey call Andrew in the office? On Apr 8, 2019, at 10:21 AM, Hagen, Maddie ar wrote: Hi= So sorry, it looks like they didn't get connected this weekend? 6 Any chance Jeffrey is free at 3pm ET today? Thank you, Maddie From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Monday, April 8, 2019 7:1 To: Hagen, Maddie Cc: Dowling,

**[WORD]:** bject Re: Jeffrey Epstein YES! 3pm today works! Should Jeffrey call Andrew in the office? On Apr 8, 2019, at 10:21 AM, Hagen, Maddie ar wrote: Hi= So sorry, it looks like they didn't get connected this weekend? 6 Any chance Jeffrey is free at 3pm ET today? Thank you, Maddie From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Monday, April 8, 2019 7:1 To: Hagen, Maddie Cc: Dowling, David Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein Pls schedule with him this week. Also, we have to make sure I call the other people in my Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls organize brief calla for me on that

**[WORD]:** tein Pls schedule with him this week. Also, we have to make sure I call the other people in my Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls organize brief calla for me on that front. Thz. Sent with BlackBerry Work (www.blackberry.com) From: Date: IL, IMPIPPI” To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! Hope all is well. Sent from my iPhone This message, and any attachments heret

**[WORD]:** , we have to make sure I call the other people in my Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls organize brief calla for me on that front. Thz. Sent with BlackBerry Work (www.blackberry.com) From: Date: IL, IMPIPPI” To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! Hope all is well. Sent from my iPhone This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Andrew Farka 
Fran: 
Sent 
Mon 4/8/2019 4:17:47 PM 
Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
YES! 3pm today works! Should Jeffrey call Andrew in the office? 
On Apr 8, 2019, at 10:21 AM, Hagen, Maddie ar 
wrote: 
Hi= 
So sorry, it looks like they didn't get connected this weekend? 
6
 
Any chance Jeffrey is free at 3pm ET today? 
Thank you, 
Maddie 
From: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Monday, April 8, 2019 7:1 
To: Hagen, Maddie 
Cc: Dowling, David 
Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein 
Pls schedule with him this week. Also, we have to make sure I call the other people in my 
Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls organize brief calla 
for me on that front. Thz. 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com)
From: 
Date: IL, IMPIPPI” 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time 
for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! 
Hope all is well. 
Sent from my iPhone 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt 
or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended 
EFTA_R1_01102578 
EFTA02281553

recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating 
or using this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy 
the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard 
copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01102579 
EFTA02281554

