# EFTA02215706

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel|
|Sent|ues ay, une|
|Subject|Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin|

---

**[FULL]:** To: From: Sent Tue 6/8/2017 5:28:48 PM Subject: RE: OSLO - Eva Dubin Happy to help. Thank you. Fro Sent: ues ay, une , : To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin iiiii Fant • II nk you so very much. Greatly appreciate your help. I will let Eva know. Take care Sent from my iPhone On Jun 6, 2017, at 1:20 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Gr

**[FULL]:** To: From: Sent Tue 6/8/2017 5:28:48 PM Subject: RE: OSLO - Eva Dubin Happy to help. Thank you. Fro Sent: ues ay, une , : To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin iiiii Fant • II nk you so very much. Greatly appreciate your help. I will let Eva know. Take care Sent from my iPhone On Jun 6, 2017, at 1:20 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) Hi This message will confirm House Seats for OSLO at the Vivian Beaumont Theater (150 West 65th Street): PLEASE

**[FULL]:** 7, at 1:20 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) Hi This message will confirm House Seats for OSLO at the Vivian Beaumont Theater (150 West 65th Street): PLEASE BE SURE TO REVIEW YOUR CONFIRMATION. Date: Tuesday. June 20 Time: 7pm Please note early curtain time* Confirmation #: 69605 Held Under: Eva Dubin Tickets: 4 (four) Total: $588.00 will be charged to the credit card provided rote: EFTA_R1_00943943 EFTA02215706 Tickets are available at the Box Office 48 hours prior to the performance date. ALL SALES ARE FINAL. THERE ARE NO REFUNDS OR EXCHANGES ON TICKETS. Please let me know if you have

**[FULL]:** R EXCHANGES ON TICKETS. Please let me know if you have any questions. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19Th Floor New York, NY 10174 Fro Sent: Monday, June 05, 2017 4:34 PM To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin OK, thank you! EFTA_R1_00943944 EFTA02215707 n n 5 2017 2-53 PM George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) wrote: Hi No update yet. Let me check in and hope to have an answer for you by later today. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19

**[FULL]:** No update yet. Let me check in and hope to have an answer for you by later today. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor New York, NY 10174 From: Sent: Monday, June , To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin Hello Liz. Any luck with 4 tickets for Eva?? EFTA_R1_00943945 EFTA02215708 On Jun 2 2017 at 4:51 PM Geor e Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) te: Great. Thank you. I'll be back to you ASAP. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19'n Floor N

**[FULL]:** e Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) te: Great. Thank you. I'll be back to you ASAP. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19'n Floor New York, NY 10174 From Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin she would like an evening performance on only one of the days I have given you...so which ever date you still hold 4 very good house seats, we will take that evening performance...(this being said, July 2nd is out considering it is only a matinee) On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:48 PM, George Lane EFTA_

**[FULL]:** July Zth is only a matinee. Let me know if you have a preference. Thanks. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 191° Floor New York, NY 10174 IIII Sent: Friday, June 02, 201 I To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin EFTA_R1_00943947 EFTA02215710 Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. We would like 4 tickets for the best seats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think have the best seats for an evening show: June 20,21,23,25,29 July 1,2 Name should be for Eva Dubin

**[FULL]:** Eva Dubin EFTA_R1_00943947 EFTA02215710 Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. We would like 4 tickets for the best seats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think have the best seats for an evening show: June 20,21,23,25,29 July 1,2 Name should be for Eva Dubin at Will Call Credit CARD: Amex Jeffrey Epstein 6/21 9049 9 East 71st Street NY, NY 10021 # on back of card is Let me know what works! thank you, On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, wrote: EFTA_R1_00943948 EFTA02215711 Dear Bart Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway.

**[FULL]:** rey Epstein 6/21 9049 9 East 71st Street NY, NY 10021 # on back of card is Let me know what works! thank you, On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, wrote: EFTA_R1_00943948 EFTA02215711 Dear Bart Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway. I am happy to arrange house seats for Eva Dubin. House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance date. The full show schedule is viewable at this link: http://www.Ict.orq/shows/oslo- broadwav/schedule/ Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to submit your request. Date and Time of performance: # of

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 6/8/2017 5:28:48 PM 
Subject: RE: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
Happy to help. Thank you. 
Fro 
Sent: ues ay, une 
, 
: 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
iiiii 
Fant 
• II 
nk you so very much. Greatly appreciate your help. I will let Eva know. Take 
care 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 6, 2017, at 1:20 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
Hi 
This message will confirm House Seats for OSLO at the Vivian Beaumont Theater (150 
West 65th Street): 
PLEASE BE SURE TO REVIEW YOUR CONFIRMATION.
Date: Tuesday. June 20 
Time: 7pm Please note early curtain time* 
Confirmation #: 69605 
Held Under: Eva Dubin 
Tickets: 4 (four) 
Total: $588.00 will be charged to the credit card provided 
rote: 
EFTA_R1_00943943 
EFTA02215706

Tickets are available at the Box Office 48 hours prior to the performance date. 
ALL SALES ARE FINAL. THERE ARE NO REFUNDS OR EXCHANGES ON TICKETS. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19Th Floor 
New York, NY 10174 
Fro 
Sent: Monday, June 05, 2017 4:34 PM 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
OK, thank you! 
EFTA_R1_00943944 
EFTA02215707

n 
n 5 2017 
2-53 PM George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
wrote: 
Hi 
No update yet. Let me check in and hope to have an answer for you by 
later today. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor 
New York, NY 10174 
From: 
Sent: Monday, June 
, 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
Hello Liz. Any luck with 4 tickets for Eva?? 
EFTA_R1_00943945 
EFTA02215708

On Jun 2 2017 at 4:51 PM Geor e Lane Asst (Liz 
Grobel) 
te: 
Great. Thank you. I'll be back to you ASAP. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19'n Floor 
New York, NY 10174 
From 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
she would like an evening performance on only one of the days I have given 
you...so which ever date you still hold 4 very good house 
seats, we will take that evening performance...(this being 
said, July 2nd is out considering it is only a matinee) 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:48 PM, George Lane 
EFTA_R1_00943946 
EFTA02215709

Asst (Liz Groben 
vrotc: 
On June 216', are you requesting the matinee or 
evening performance? 
Please note that July 1" there is a matinee and 
evening performance and July Zth is only a 
matinee. Let me know if you have a preference. 
Thanks. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 191° Floor 
New York, NY 10174 
IIII
Sent: Friday, June 02, 201 I 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
EFTA_R1_00943947 
EFTA02215710

Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. 
We would like 4 tickets for the best seats possible (top price is fine!) 
for any of the following nights you think 
have the best seats for an evening show: 
June 20,21,23,25,29 
July 1,2 
Name should be for Eva Dubin at Will Call 
Credit CARD: 
Amex 
Jeffrey Epstein 
6/21 
9049 
9 East 71st Street 
NY, NY 10021 
# on back of card is 
Let me know what works! thank you, 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00943948 
EFTA02215711

Dear 
Bart Sher kindly passed on your 
email regarding OSLO on 
Broadway. I am happy to arrange 
house seats for Eva Dubin. 
House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance 
date. The full show schedule is 
viewable at this 
link: http://www.Ict.orq/shows/oslo-
broadwav/schedule/ 
Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to 
submit your request. 
Date and Time of performance: 
# of tickets: 
Name at will-call: 
Name as it appears on credit card: 
Credit card #: 
Expiration date: 
Security code: 
Full Billing Address: 
Please note that there are no refunds or exchanges on house seats. 
Please let me know if you have 
any questions, thanks! 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor 
New York, NY 10174 
EFTA_R1_00943949 
EFTA02215712

This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of 
the individual or entity to whom they 
are addressed. If the reader of this e-
mail is not the intended recipient or 
the employee or agent responsible for 
delivering the message to the 
intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any use dissemination, 
forwarding, printing or copying of this 
e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are 
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-
mail is not the intended recipient or the employee or 
agent responsible for delivering the message to the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any 
use dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of 
this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for 
the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If the 
reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the employee or 
agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified that any use dissemination, 
forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom they are addressed. lf the reader of this e-mail is not 
the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the 
message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use 
dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not 
the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the 
message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use 
dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it arc intended solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or 
the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any use dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is 
strictly prohibited. 
EFTA_R1_00943950 
EFTA02215713

