# EFTA02515847

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, November 7, 2014 6:56 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: 340 775 8111 On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 1:09 PM, Eva Dubin Yippee! Sent from my iPhone > wrote: On No= 7, 2014, at 1:09 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m> wrote: yes On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 1:00 PM, Ev= Dubin > wrote: I have you slated for Thank

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, November 7, 2014 6:56 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: 340 775 8111 On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 1:09 PM, Eva Dubin Yippee! Sent from my iPhone > wrote: On No= 7, 2014, at 1:09 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m> wrote: yes On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 1:00 PM, Ev= Dubin > wrote: I have you slated for Thanksgi=ing to come with two guests. Is that ok? =C2 please note The info

**[WORD]:** ay, November 7, 2014 6:56 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: 340 775 8111 On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 1:09 PM, Eva Dubin Yippee! Sent from my iPhone > wrote: On No= 7, 2014, at 1:09 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m> wrote: yes On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 1:00 PM, Ev= Dubin > wrote: I have you slated for Thanksgi=ing to come with two guests. Is that ok? =C2 please note The informat=on contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only =or the use of the addressee. It is th

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, November 7, 2014 6:56 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
340 775 8111 
On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 1:09 PM, Eva Dubin 
Yippee! 
Sent from my iPhone 
> wrote: 
On No= 7, 2014, at 1:09 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m> wrote: 
yes 
On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 1:00 PM, Ev= Dubin 
> wrote: 
I have you slated for Thanksgi=ing to come with two guests. Is that ok? 
=C2 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only =or 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthoriz=d use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
return e-mail o= by e-mail to j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies =hereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
EFTA_R1_01650316 
EFTA02515847

=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error =please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01650317 
EFTA02515848

