# EFTA02724295

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, foundation, mit, dinner

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jenna Friedman|
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Thursday, February 21, 2013 09:12 PM|
|Subject|Fwd: Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscars Post-Party|

---

**[WORD]:** gy Siegal Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2013 9:53 PM To: jeevacation@gmail.com; lesleyjee©gmail.com Cc: Jenne Friedman Subject: Fw: Fwd: Elton John AIDS Foundation ()Scars Post-Party This is a start. I emailed directly to David Furnish, Elton's partner and Jenne sent a photo of Boris with Bill Gates at an AID benefit in D,C. I am also appealing to Harvey Weinstein to let them in his viewing party...Sunday night. Peggy and Jenna. EFTA_R1_02211066 EFTA02724295 From: Jenna Friedman Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2013 09:12 PM To: Peggy Siegal Subject: Fwd: Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscars

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@g 
jeevacationt>gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com]: 
Cc: 
From: 
enna ne man 
Sent: 
Fri 2/22/2013 6:46:10 PM 
Subject: RE: Fwd: Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscars Post-Party 
Rich has sent over pertinent forms and I am sending to the foundation. I will let you know once all is 
confirmed. 
Thank you! 
Jenne Friedman 
Peggy Siegal Co 
From: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2013 9:53 PM 
To: jeevacation@gmail.com; lesleyjee©gmail.com 
Cc: Jenne Friedman 
Subject: Fw: Fwd: Elton John AIDS Foundation ()Scars Post-Party 
This is a start. I emailed directly to David Furnish, Elton's partner and Jenne sent a photo of Boris with Bill 
Gates at an AID benefit in D,C. I am also appealing to Harvey Weinstein to let them in his viewing 
party...Sunday night. 
Peggy and Jenna. 
EFTA_R1_02211066 
EFTA02724295

From: Jenna Friedman 
Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2013 09:12 PM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Subject: Fwd: Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscars Post-Party 
Send to Jeffrey Epstein. 
Boris will have to fill this out by tomorrow! 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Miranda Robertson 
Date: February 21, 2
 8:59:21 
To: Jcnna Friedman • 
Cc: SCOTT CAMP 
Subject: Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscars Post-Party 
Dear Jcnna, 
Thank you for your interest in the Elton John AIDS Foundation 
Academy Awards Viewing Party. Although the dinner is completely sold 
out, we do have a limited number of tickets available for purchase for 
the post-telecast portion of the dinner, which starts thirty minutes after 
the Oscars telecast. I am attaching here a Registration form for these 
tickets, which are priced at $2,500 each. If you are interested, I do 
encourage you to return the form with payment quickly, as these tickets 
will likely sell out soon. If you have any questions at all please, do not 
hesitate to let me know! 
Miranda Robertson 
AA B Productions 
EFTA_R1_02211067 
EFTA02724296

EJAF temporary Los Angeles office February 15-25: 310.855.9254 
E FTA_R 1_02211068 
EFTA02724297

