# EFTA02438126

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epstein 'eevacation mail.com Cc: Hasan Kha ; Andrew Levy Kemey From: ep en ap Inger Sent Tue 10/13/2009 5:15:16 PM Subject Hammam Gary I understand. It just takes time. Hasan has the base building information in the computer so all we have to do is match the perspective views from site photographs. We'll get that done. Sent from my iPhone

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 'eevacation 
mail.com 
Cc: 
Hasan Kha 
; Andrew Levy 
Kemey 
From: 
ep en ap Inger 
Sent 
Tue 10/13/2009 5:15:16 PM 
Subject Hammam 
Gary 
I understand. It just takes time. Hasan has the base building information in the computer so all we 
have to do is match the perspective views from site photographs. We'll get that done. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 13, 2009, at 1:02 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i spoke to hasan today.. I MUST see projects overlayed on photos or perspective 
drawings.. showing me thins to build out of context is of little value. I have 
talked about overlays for quite a while now.. the hamman sits on top of the hill„ I 
thas to grow from it.. I can' t tell how anything looks with wihtout a knowledge of 
the foreground and topo. 
********* 
***************************** 
********************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacationergmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01511173 
EFTA02438126

