# EFTA02412359

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein inailto:jeo acition.a 2111:111.COMI|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|14 June 2010 21:54|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: 'eevacation ail com To: a great friend of mine„ very pretty, she is my future ex wife. i know jes and she would love to see home On Mon, Jun 14, 2010 at 4:28 PM, The Dukc < > wrote: Saw your previous email, Who is. Saw Jes in Harry's Bar. Will contact him in the morning. A HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein inailto:jeo acition.a 2111:111.COMI Sent: 14 June 2010 21:54 To: The Duke Subject: if you can find time to show jes around with that would be fun„ he told me he ran into you tonight. *********************************************************** The information contai

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 6/15/2010 7:34:33 AM 
Subject RE: 
:) very sweet of you. i would love that , thank you xxx 
Date: Mon, 14 Jun 2010 17:26:17 -0700 
Subject: Re: 
From: 'eevacation 
ail com 
To: 
a great friend of mine„ very pretty, 
she is my future ex wife. 
i know jes and she would love to see home 
On Mon, Jun 14, 2010 at 4:28 PM, The Dukc <
> wrote: 
Saw your previous email, Who is. 
Saw Jes in Harry's Bar. Will 
contact him in the morning. 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein inailto:jeo acition.a 2111:111.COMI 
Sent: 14 June 2010 21:54 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
if you can find time to show jes around with 
that would be fun„ he told me he ran 
into you tonight. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA_R1_01473960 
EFTA02412359

Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
****************** 
* ********************* 
******************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacationOgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
Get a free e-mail account with Hotmail. Sign-up now. 
EFTA_R1_01473961 
EFTA02412360

