# EFTA02441461

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Monday, August 10, 2009 10:29 AM|
|Subject|Re: Tried Calling|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey EpsteinDeeyacation@gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 8/10/2009 2:32:43 PM Subject: RE: Tried Calling ow. Have a mtg in 5 mins, From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Monday, August 10, 2009 10:29 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: Tried Calling send me a number On Mon, Aug 10, 2009 at 10:24 AM, Farkas, And

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey EpsteinDeeyacation@gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 8/10/2009 2:32:43 PM Subject: RE: Tried Calling ow. Have a mtg in 5 mins, From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Monday, August 10, 2009 10:29 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: Tried Calling send me a number On Mon, Aug 10, 2009 at 10:24 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. a> wrote: No answer @ home or office. *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privil

**[WORD]:** rew L. Sent Mon 8/10/2009 2:32:43 PM Subject: RE: Tried Calling ow. Have a mtg in 5 mins, From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Monday, August 10, 2009 10:29 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: Tried Calling send me a number On Mon, Aug 10, 2009 at 10:24 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. a> wrote: No answer @ home or office. *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey EpsteinDeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Mon 8/10/2009 2:32:43 PM 
Subject: RE: Tried Calling 
ow. Have a mtg in 5 mins, 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, August 10, 2009 10:29 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: Re: Tried Calling 
send me a number 
On Mon, Aug 10, 2009 at 10:24 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. a> 
wrote: 
No answer @ home or office. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationOgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01515954 
EFTA02441461

