# EFTA02363180

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Pete Briger|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Monday, March 19, 2012 12:25 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Dubin, Glen Sent: Monday, March 19, 2012 8:55 PM To: jeevacation@gmail.com* Subject: Fw: Attachments: Rick Noble.vcf He says you should call the attached for an update. He wasn't very forthcoming other than to say "Jeffrey did the right thing to have a senior position...his money is absolutely

**[WORD]:** ld call the attached for an update. He wasn't very forthcoming other than to say "Jeffrey did the right thing to have a senior position...his money is absolutely still good but the portfolio is a rats nest" and he is still working it. From: Pete Briger Sent: Monday, March 19, 2012 12:25 PM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibit

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Dubin, Glen 
Sent: 
Monday, March 19, 2012 8:55 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com* 
Subject: 
Fw: 
Attachments: 
Rick Noble.vcf 
He says you should call the attached for an update. He wasn't very forthcoming other than to say "Jeffrey did the right 
thing to have a senior position...his money is absolutely still good but the portfolio is a rats nest" and he is still working 
it. 
From: Pete Briger 
Sent: Monday, March 19, 2012 12:25 PM 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Subject: 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. If you 
are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by 
replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
1 
EFTA_R1_01356320 
EFTA02363180

