# EFTA00010377 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 6

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** (USANH)
- **Sent:** Wednesday, December 23, 20 010:20 AM
- **Subject:** Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: (USANH)" Cc: USANH)" Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish Date: Mon, 28 Dec 2020 20:56:55 +0000 (USANYS)" No need to extend the seal, thanks very much for checking. Hope you and the rest of the had a wonderful Christmas and have a Happy New Year! From USANH) Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 2020 2:42 PM To: USANYS) .za Cc (USANH) Sub

### Match 2
> sh Date: Mon, 28 Dec 2020 20:56:55 +0000 (USANYS)" No need to extend the seal, thanks very much for checking. Hope you and the rest of the had a wonderful Christmas and have a Happy New Year! From USANH) Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 2020 2:42 PM To: USANYS) .za Cc (USANH) Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell ngge is do you need the seal on the DNH triggerfish warrant extended? Merry Christmas to you and yours! Mr. From USANH) Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 20 010:20 AM To:(USANH) Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish The seal on this triggerfish is set to expire soon. Am I correct in assuming

### Match 3
> ) Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 2020 2:42 PM To: USANYS) .za Cc (USANH) Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell ngge is do you need the seal on the DNH triggerfish warrant extended? Merry Christmas to you and yours! Mr. From USANH) Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 20 010:20 AM To:(USANH) Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish The seal on this triggerfish is set to expire soon. Am I correct in assuming we can go ahead and let this lapse? EFTA00010377

### Match 4
> From: To: (USANH)" Cc: USANH)" Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish Date: Mon, 28 Dec 2020 20:56:55 +0000 (USANYS)" No need to extend the seal, thanks very much for checking. Hope you and the rest of the had a wonderful Christmas and have a Happy New Year! From USANH) Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 2020 2:42 PM To: USANYS) .za Cc (USA

### Match 5
> sh Date: Mon, 28 Dec 2020 20:56:55 +0000 (USANYS)" No need to extend the seal, thanks very much for checking. Hope you and the rest of the had a wonderful Christmas and have a Happy New Year! From USANH) Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 2020 2:42 PM To: USANYS) .za Cc (USANH) Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell ngge is do you need the seal on the DNH triggerfish warrant extended? Merry Christmas to you and yours! Mr. From USANH) Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 20 010:20 AM To:(USANH) Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish The seal on this triggerfish is set to expire soon. Am I correct in
