# EFTA02560547

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** similar things* zoning and planning of city of London. She will be in London next Thursday October 11th any time between 9am and 3pm.* It can be just a short meeting. It can be someone junior* it does not matter it just matters that this meetings happens!, It is important to me. and to boris ( bill gates person ) The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communicati

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Friday, October 5, 2012 1:53 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
The meeting is being scheduled with Stuart Murray, Assistant Director of Planning and if he is not available with Colin 
Wilson, Senior Planner. 
I wait to hear back from them so its not confirmed yet! 
Can you send me her contact details to pass on to Mayor's office? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Wed, 3 Oct 201
To: 
Subject: 
I need to organize that Karima Nigmatulina who is in charge of city planning of Moscow (she reports to Mayor of 
Moscow) meets someone (anyone* can be junior) in the office of London Mayor who is doing similar things* zoning 
and planning of city of London. 
She will be in London next Thursday October 11th any time between 9am and 3pm.* 
It can be just a short meeting. It can be someone junior* it does not matter 
it just matters that this meetings 
happens!, It is important to me. and to boris ( bill gates person ) 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01721557 
EFTA02560547

