# EFTA00038026 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** s
- **Sent:** Thursday, October 1, 2020 9:24 AM
- **Subject:** C-20 Request for assistance

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> : Tue, 20 Oct 2020 00:03:28 +0000 Importance: Normal Hi I will send it out to see if someone is available On Oct 19, 2020 6:18 PM, " Hi (NY) (FBI)" <I > wrote: This has been scheduled and rescheduled multiple times due to the availability of defense counsel. It has now been scheduled for Maxwell and her attorneys to review discovery items this Friday, 10/23/2020. s is still available to assist buts is unavailable. Would you mind canvassing for one agent to assists for Friday from 8am — 3p at the MDC? Thank you! Special Agent — FBI New York Field Office Child Exploitation/Human Traffi

### Match 2
> next week Hi SA and SA can assist Forwarded message From: " (NY) (FBI)" < > Date: Oct 1, 2020 8:39 AM Subject: C-20 request for assistance next week To: NY-NADP < > Cc: ' (NY) (FBI)" •c >," All- . (NY) (FBI) (NYPD)" < (NY) Squad C-20 is requesting assistance from two agents for the Maxwell investigation. They are looking for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could EFTA00038026

### Match 3
> ek To: NY-NADP < > Cc: ' (NY) (FBI)" •c >," All- . (NY) (FBI) (NYPD)" < (NY) Squad C-20 is requesting assistance from two agents for the Maxwell investigation. They are looking for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could EFTA00038026 potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able to assist Thanks, = EFTA0003802

### Match 4
> teers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could EFTA00038026 potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able to assist Thanks, = EFTA00038027
