# EFTA02612746

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Mukamal, Thomas"|
|To|=/b>"Farkas, Andrew L."|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>Re:|

---

**[WORD]:** s (which =ere friday when we spoke and then the following monday) Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor New York NY 10022 to fa Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Mukamal, Thomas" Subject: =/b>Re: Date: =/b>December 20, 2017 at 1:11:42 PM =ST To: =/b>"Farkas, Andrew L." Cc: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Richard Kah Puma said it would be done that day and didn't deliver. I =uggested to rich that the guys on your staff are very welcome to speak =o Elizabeth Didomenico who is the GM and is happy to provide daily =pdates. Tom Mukamal CEO Island Global

**[WORD]:** deliver. I =uggested to rich that the guys on your staff are very welcome to speak =o Elizabeth Didomenico who is the GM and is happy to provide daily =pdates. Tom Mukamal CEO Island Global Yachting Ltd 717 5th Avenue, 18th Floor New York, New York 10022 On Dec 20, 2017, at 1:01 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. EFTA_R1_01809330 EFTA02612746 Not in our control. At all. Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. From: jeffrey E. Sent: Wednesday, December 20, 2017 =2:46 PM To: Richard Kahn; Thomas Mukamal; =arkas, Andrew L. Subject: when we called tom together , we =ere told the fuel situation was a

**[WORD]:** Avenue, 18th Floor New York, New York 10022 On Dec 20, 2017, at 1:01 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. EFTA_R1_01809330 EFTA02612746 Not in our control. At all. Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. From: jeffrey E. Sent: Wednesday, December 20, 2017 =2:46 PM To: Richard Kahn; Thomas Mukamal; =arkas, Andrew L. Subject: when we called tom together , we =ere told the fuel situation was a one day event. two weeks =ater no fuel =lease note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Wednesday, December 20, 2017 6:28 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
tom stubbornly refuses to be accountable for his words (which =ere friday when we spoke and then the following 
monday) 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
to 
fa 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Mukamal, Thomas" 
Subject: =/b>Re: 
Date: =/b>December 20, 2017 at 1:11:42 PM =ST 
To: =/b>"Farkas, Andrew L." 
Cc: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>, Richard Kah 
Puma said it would be done that day and didn't deliver. I =uggested to rich that the guys on your staff are very 
welcome to speak =o Elizabeth Didomenico who is the GM and is happy to provide daily =pdates. 
Tom Mukamal 
CEO 
Island Global Yachting Ltd 
717 5th Avenue, 18th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
On Dec 20, 2017, at 1:01 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
EFTA_R1_01809330 
EFTA02612746

Not in our control. At all. 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: Wednesday, December 20, 2017 =2:46 PM 
To: Richard Kahn; Thomas Mukamal; =arkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
when we called tom together , we =ere told the fuel situation was a one day event. two weeks =ater 
no fuel 
=lease note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended =xclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is =ddressed. This communication may contain information that is =onfidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from =isclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not =he intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, =etaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any 
information contained herein (including =ny reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this =essage in 
error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the =essage (including any attachments) and any copies in 
their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. =othing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally 
binding =greement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island =apital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, 
each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island =apital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended =xclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is =ddressed. This communication may contain information that is =onfidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from 
=isclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not =he intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, =etaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including =ny reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this =essage in error, please 
2 
EFTA_R1_01809331 
EFTA02612747

contact the sender immediately and destroy the =essage (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, 
whether in electronic or hard copy format. =othing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
=greement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Global =achting Ltd or any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island =lobal Yachting Ltd or such affiliate. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01809332 
EFTA02612748

