# EFTA02642558

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmai..com»|
|To|Bill Gates; Larry Cohen|
|Sent|Saturday, July 22, 2017 4:15:20 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** 2, 2017 at 10:45 AM, Larry Cohen From: Larry Cohen Sent: Saturday, July 22, 2017 7:09:26 AM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Good morning - are you avail to talk at 830am(=sh) PST? From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmai..com» Sent: Saturday, July 22, 2017 4:15:20 AM To: Bill Gates; Larry Cohen Subject: bill, i know you are in austrailiai , hope you=are having fun. I heard from an old friend of yo=rs and thought you and I should speak. please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside i

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, July 22, 2017 10:31 PM 
To: 
Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
Re: 
I dont trust phones . or one party state= or memories based on phone conversations. . =C2 hope you are well 
On Sat, Jul 22, 2017 at 10:45 AM, Larry Cohen 
From: Larry Cohen 
Sent: Saturday, July 22, 2017 7:09:26 AM 
To: jeffrey E. 
Subject: Re: 
Good morning - are you avail to talk at 830am(=sh) PST? 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmai..com» 
Sent: Saturday, July 22, 2017 4:15:20 AM 
To: Bill Gates; Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
bill, i know you are in austrailiai , hope you=are having fun. 
I heard from an old friend of yo=rs and thought you and 
I should speak. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
EFTA_R1_01877358 
EFTA02642558

disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a114fb556ed936e0554ef8af8-- conversation-id 37666 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1500762688 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 733215 
2 
EFTA_R1_01877359 
EFTA02642559

