# EFTA02651991

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, April 20, 2017 12:22 AM To: Bill Gates; Larry Cohen hope you guys are well. I think you might want=to reconsider your current strategy in wash. You come in=fighting an uphill, battle. but unless you understand the person you=are dealing with lm afraid you are moving backwared. =AO IT goes without saying that i wish you success but ha

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, April 20, 2017 12:22 AM 
To: 
Bill Gates; Larry Cohen 
hope you guys are well. I think you might want=to reconsider your current strategy in wash. You come in=fighting an 
uphill, battle. but unless you understand the person you=are dealing with lm afraid you are moving backwared. =AO IT 
goes without saying that i wish you success but have spoken to relev=nt parties , and a course correction would be 
helpful. 
<=iv> 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is confidenti=l, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information= and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property =f JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communicati=n or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If yo= have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediatel= by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m> , and destroy this commun=cation and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -al= rights reserved 
--001allcllbfae85230054d8e21a8-- conversation-id 46686 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1492647733 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 706665 
1 
EFTA_R1_01894779 
EFTA02651991

