# EFTA02431470

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, model

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** ct Re: Done I was going to invite him thursday night for diner at the reopening of upstairs Cipriani. I am inviting also 10 models. You can tell him. I shall contact him tomorrow with details Sent via BlackBeny from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Mon, 18 Jan To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: it would be nice and i thinnk beneficial for ou to have a dinner for lyndon lea. in new york this week "Lyndon Lea" *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may co

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 1/18/2010 2:26:36 PM 
Subject Re: 
Done 
I was going to invite him thursday night for diner at the reopening of upstairs Cipriani. I am 
inviting also 10 models. You can tell him. I shall contact him tomorrow with details 
Sent via BlackBeny from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, 18 Jan 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
it would be nice and i thinnk beneficial for ou to have a dinner for lyndon lea. in new york this 
week "Lyndon Lea" 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01501838 
EFTA02431470

