# EFTA02535231

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacatio=@gmail.com»|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** aturday, February 5, 2011 12:36 PM Re: he stayed the week at my house. politically savvy, commercially less so.=-- He thinks my making the super -rich ,richer should be re-thought.=A0 I talked to Staley regarding the Donor advised fund. You and I are i=vited to Seatle to spend serious time with Bill Gates. On Sat, Feb 5, 2011 at 7:15 AM, < How was mandelson? Sent from my Verizon Wire=ess BlackBerry From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sat, 5 Feb 201107:13:14 -0500 To: <mailto Subject: Re: > > »qspan> wrote: anything I can=do to be helpful. I will, On Fri, Feb 4, 2011 at 5:

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Saturday, February 5, 2011 12:36 PM 
Re: 
he stayed the week at my house. politically savvy, commercially less so.=-- He thinks my making the super -rich ,richer 
should be re-thought.=A0 I talked to Staley regarding the Donor advised fund. You and I are i=vited to Seatle to spend 
serious time with Bill Gates. 
On Sat, Feb 5, 2011 at 7:15 AM, < 
How was mandelson? 
Sent from my Verizon Wire=ess BlackBerry 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 5 Feb 201107:13:14 -0500 
To: 
<mailto 
Subject: Re: 
> > 
»qspan> wrote: 
anything I can=do to be helpful. I will, 
On Fri, Feb 4, 2011 at 5:38 PM, < 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Will call tmrw morn this time 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry=/p> 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacatio=@gmail.com» 
Date: Fri, 4 Feb 2011 15:52:23 -0500 
To: 
< 
> > 
Subject: 
home tel no. 
=ehud,,, please keep very private.. expecting your call 
T=e information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for 
EFTA_R1_01680622 
EFTA02535231

the use of the addressee. It is the=property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying=of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unla=ful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us=immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
= rrrrrrrrrrrrrr ***** 
******** 
** ***** 
* 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01680623 
EFTA02535232

