# EFTA02521781

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Lebanese father... Wednesday, October 10, 2012 7:52 AM Jeffrey Epstain - Friend of Sultan Father : "I want you to marry a girl of my choice." Son : "I will choose my own bride!!!" Father : "But the girl is Bill Gate's daughter..." Son : "Well, in that case... ok" Next Father approaches Bill Gates. Father : "I have a husband for your daughter..." Bill Gates : "But my daughter is too young to marry'' I Father : "But this young man is a vice-president of the World Bank." Bill Gates : "Ah, in that case... ok" Finally Father goes to see the president of the World Bank. Father : "I have a y

**[FULL]:** Jeffrey Epstain - Friend of Sultan Father : "I want you to marry a girl of my choice." Son : "I will choose my own bride!!!" Father : "But the girl is Bill Gate's daughter..." Son : "Well, in that case... ok" Next Father approaches Bill Gates. Father : "I have a husband for your daughter..." Bill Gates : "But my daughter is too young to marry'' I Father : "But this young man is a vice-president of the World Bank." Bill Gates : "Ah, in that case... ok" Finally Father goes to see the president of the World Bank. Father : "I have a young man to be recommended as a vice-president." President : "

**[FULL]:** Father : "But the girl is Bill Gate's daughter..." Son : "Well, in that case... ok" Next Father approaches Bill Gates. Father : "I have a husband for your daughter..." Bill Gates : "But my daughter is too young to marry'' I Father : "But this young man is a vice-president of the World Bank." Bill Gates : "Ah, in that case... ok" Finally Father goes to see the president of the World Bank. Father : "I have a young man to be recommended as a vice-president." President : "But I already have more vice- presidents than I need! Farther : "But this young man is Bill Gates' son-in-law." President : "

**[FULL]:** esident of the World Bank." Bill Gates : "Ah, in that case... ok" Finally Father goes to see the president of the World Bank. Father : "I have a young man to be recommended as a vice-president." President : "But I already have more vice- presidents than I need! Farther : "But this young man is Bill Gates' son-in-law." President : "Ah, in that case... ok" And that, my friends, is how the Lebanese do business. Envoye avec BlackBerry° d'Orange <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> <plist version=.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Lebanese father... 
Wednesday, October 10, 2012 7:52 AM 
Jeffrey Epstain - Friend of Sultan 
Father : "I want you to marry a girl of my choice." 
Son : "I will choose my own bride!!!" 
Father : "But the girl is Bill Gate's daughter..." 
Son : "Well, in that case... ok" 
Next Father approaches Bill Gates. 
Father : "I have a husband for your daughter..." 
Bill Gates : "But my daughter is too young to marry'' I 
Father : "But this young man is a vice-president of the World Bank." 
Bill Gates : "Ah, in that case... ok" 
Finally Father goes to see the president of the World Bank. 
Father : "I have a young man to be recommended as a vice-president." 
President : "But I already have more vice- presidents than I need! 
Farther : "But this young man is Bill Gates' son-in-law." 
President : "Ah, in that case... ok" 
And that, my friends, is how the Lebanese do business. 
Envoye avec BlackBerry° d'Orange 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD 
PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>141580</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1349855503</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8623750145</integer> 
EFTA_R1_01659130 
EFTA02521781

<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>250945</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01659131 
EFTA02521782

