# EFTA02414318

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, dinner

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Bill Gates|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation©gmailcom] From: Lesley Groff Sent Sun 11/28/2010 2:57:35 PM Subject: Bill Gates I have in my calendar to remind you Bill Gates for dinner Sunday Dec. 5th...but last week you said you had Bill Gates on Dec. 6m (same night as the BBB Gathering) ...possibly you changed the date to the 6th from the 5th? (just want to make sure we have it correct) EFTA_R1_01477264 EFTA02414318

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation©gmailcom] From: Lesley Groff Sent Sun 11/28/2010 2:57:35 PM Subject: Bill Gates I have in my calendar to remind you Bill Gates for dinner Sunday Dec. 5th...but last week you said you had Bill Gates on Dec. 6m (same night as the BBB Gathering) ...possibly you changed the date to the 6th from the 5th? (just want to make sure we have it correct) EFTA_R1_01477264 EFTA02414318

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation©gmailcom] From: Lesley Groff Sent Sun 11/28/2010 2:57:35 PM Subject: Bill Gates I have in my calendar to remind you Bill Gates for dinner Sunday Dec. 5th...but last week you said you had Bill Gates on Dec. 6m (same night as the BBB Gathering) ...possibly you changed the date to the 6th from the 5th? (just want to make sure we have it correct) EFTA_R1_01477264 EFTA02414318

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation©gmailcom] 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Sun 11/28/2010 2:57:35 PM 
Subject: Bill Gates 
I have in my calendar to remind you Bill Gates for dinner Sunday Dec. 5th...but last week you said 
you had Bill Gates on Dec. 6m (same night as the BBB Gathering) ...possibly you changed the 
date to the 6th from the 5th? (just want to make sure we have it correct) 
EFTA_R1_01477264 
EFTA02414318

