# EFTA00020477 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> s Fitzgerald (or might be James Patrick Fitzgerald), personal identifiers unknown, spoke with and offered to photograph her for modeling. Fitzgerald told While Fitzgerald was talking to Maxwell came over and stared at that she would be on the front cover of a magazine. , Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine . Epstein and Maxwell did not say anything to Fitzgerald and only looked at her. did not accept Fitzgerald's modeling offer. Around a month (name unknown) tried to start were typing to chat with no audio. saw the subject had a man standing behind him after the event, was contacted onlin

### Match 2
> Date/Time Received: 08/06/2020 10:12 AM EDT Details: On 08/06 2020, at 10:12 a.m. Eastern Time, international cellular telephone numbe , date of birth , address Cambridge, UK, called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report "significant" information related to the Epstein/Maxwell case. provided the following information: In 2007, was introduced to New York photographer Eliot Siegel, personal identifiers unknown, by mutual friends. Siegel asked to attend a modeling event at the O2 Arena in London, England for a test shoot. attended the event and discovered it was an

### Match 3
> nt and discovered it was an annual S&M modeling event. While at the event, London photographer Patrick James Fitzgerald (or might be James Patrick Fitzgerald), personal identifiers unknown, spoke with and offered to photograph her for modeling. Fitzgerald told While Fitzgerald was talking to Maxwell came over and stared at that she would be on the front cover of a magazine. , Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine . Epstein and Maxwell did not say anything to Fitzgerald and only looked at her. did not accept Fitzgerald's modeling offer. Around a month (name unknown) tried to start were typing

### Match 4
> e James Patrick Fitzgerald), personal identifiers unknown, spoke with and offered to photograph her for modeling. Fitzgerald told While Fitzgerald was talking to Maxwell came over and stared at that she would be on the front cover of a magazine. , Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine . Epstein and Maxwell did not say anything to Fitzgerald and only looked at her. did not accept Fitzgerald's modeling offer. Around a month (name unknown) tried to start were typing to chat with no audio. saw the subject had a man standing behind him after the event, was contacted online by a subject in Miam

### Match 5
> film her in her home. On 08/05/2020, saw a news articles about Scott Borgerson, personal identifiers unknown, that included photos. recognized Borgerson as the subject that contacted her online and tried to convince her to travel to Florida. believes her encounters are related to the Epstein/Maxwell case. advised she also met Prince William in England and believes that might also be connected. .• UNCLASSIFIED EFTA00020478
