# EFTA02564763

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> ]|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Thursday, December 20, 2012 02:45 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2012 5:29 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Cc: Lesley Groff; Subject: Re: great On Wed, Dec 26, 2012 at 12:49 PM, F=rkas, Andrew L. wrote: 1/2 in the late morning. From: Jeffrey Epstein Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> ] Sent: Thursday, December 20, 2012 02:45 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Wha

**[WORD]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, December 26, 2012 5:29 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Cc: Lesley Groff; Subject: Re: great On Wed, Dec 26, 2012 at 12:49 PM, F=rkas, Andrew L. wrote: 1/2 in the late morning. From: Jeffrey Epstein Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> ] Sent: Thursday, December 20, 2012 02:45 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: What day are you coming The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be

**[WORD]:** PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Cc: Lesley Groff; Subject: Re: great On Wed, Dec 26, 2012 at 12:49 PM, F=rkas, Andrew L. wrote: 1/2 in the late morning. From: Jeffrey Epstein Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> ] Sent: Thursday, December 20, 2012 02:45 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: What day are you coming The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, December 26, 2012 5:29 PM 
To: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Cc: 
Lesley Groff; 
Subject: 
Re: 
great 
On Wed, Dec 26, 2012 at 12:49 PM, F=rkas, Andrew L.
 wrote: 
1/2 in the late morning. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> ] 
Sent: Thursday, December 20, 2012 02:45 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
What day are you coming 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary,=privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from dis=losure (either 
by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the in=ended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reprodu=ing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including any r=liance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message =n error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the message (in=luding any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in 
EFTA_R1_01728736 
EFTA02564763

electronic or hard copy format. Nothi=g contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement= 
amendment or modification of any agreement with C-III Capital Partners LL= or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by C-III Capit=l Partners LLC or such affiliate. 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01728737 
EFTA02564764

