# EFTA00019117 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** '
- **To:** '
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Tomorrow - MDC

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ov 6, 2020 08:52, ' Good morning, wrote: I am not going to be present today. The purpose of the visit is just for Maxwell and her attorney to review the contents of the laptop. Please proceed to the MDC visitor entrance, let the guard know you are from the FBI and there for a visit with inmate Ghislaine Maxwell. They should then direct you to the visiting area. If there are any issues, you can ask that they contact MDC legal counsel who knows to expect you. I'm cc'ing in case there are any other steps that the last pair of agents to handle this type of visit with Maxwell took that I'm not aware of.

### Match 2
> ov 6, 2020 08:52, ' Good morning, wrote: I am not going to be present today. The purpose of the visit is just for Maxwell and her attorney to review the contents of the laptop. Please proceed to the MDC visitor entrance, let the guard know you are from the FBI and there for a visit with inmate Ghislaine Maxwell. They should then direct you to the visiting area. If there are any issues, you can ask that they contact MDC legal counsel who knows to expect you. I'm cc'ing in case there are any other steps that the last pair of agents to handle this type of visit with Maxwell took that I'm not aw

### Match 3
> From: ' (NY) (FBI)" -4 To: ' cti Cc: ' (NY) (FBI)" Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Tomorrow - MDC Date: Fri, 06 Nov 2020 13:54:11 +0000 Thank you. a On Nov 6, 2020 08:52, ' Good morning, wrote: I am not going to be present today. The purpose of the visit is just for Maxwell and her attorney to review the contents of the laptop. Please proceed to the MDC visitor entrance, let the guard know you are from the FBI and there for a visit with inmate Ghislaine Maxwell. They should then direct you to the visiting area. If there are any issues, you can ask that they contact

### Match 4
> visit with inmate Ghislaine Maxwell. They should then direct you to the visiting area. If there are any issues, you can ask that they contact MDC legal counsel who knows to expect you. I'm cc'ing in case there are any other steps that the last pair of agents to handle this type of visit with Maxwell took that I'm not aware of. If you have any questions or issues, please feel free to call my cellphone at Thank you so much for helping with this today. On Nov 6, 2020, at 8:36 AM, (NY) (FBI) cta Good morning Where would you like us to meet you this morning? a On Nov 5, 2020 15:04, ' Thank
