# EFTA02240850

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff [mailto|
|To|Hagen, Maddie|
|Sent|Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:25 PM|
|Subject|Re: Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Andrew Farkas Fran: Lesley Groff Sent Fri 3/23/2018 6:51:53 PM Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein HI Maddie....just wanted to give the heads up! Jeffrey is aware of the 3:30pm call with Andrew...but I worry a tad as Jeffrey was late to his last meeting...I HOPE he is back home before 3:30pm but will have

**[WORD]:** To: Andrew Farkas Fran: Lesley Groff Sent Fri 3/23/2018 6:51:53 PM Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein HI Maddie....just wanted to give the heads up! Jeffrey is aware of the 3:30pm call with Andrew...but I worry a tad as Jeffrey was late to his last meeting...I HOPE he is back home before 3:30pm but will have play On Mar 21, 2018, at 3:52 PM, Hagen, Maddie wrote: Thanks! Original Message From: Lesley Groff [mailto Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:51 PM To: Hagen, Maddie Subject: R

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff [mailto Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:51 PM To: Hagen, Maddie Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Super. Received the calendar invite Will respond now Sent from my iPhone On Mar 21, 2018, at 3:40 PM, Hagen, Maddie wrote: Sounds great, thanks! I just sent a calendar invite. Andrew will call Jeffrey at that time. Original Message From: Lesley Groff [mailto Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:25 PM To: Hagen, Maddie Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Maddie, lets schedule this Friday March 23, 3:30-4pm...Andrew can call Jeffrey at On Mar 21, 2018, at 2:51 PM, Hagen, Maddie

**[WORD]:** die wrote: Sounds great, thanks! I just sent a calendar invite. Andrew will call Jeffrey at that time. Original Message From: Lesley Groff [mailto Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:25 PM To: Hagen, Maddie Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Maddie, lets schedule this Friday March 23, 3:30-4pm...Andrew can call Jeffrey at On Mar 21, 2018, at 2:51 PM, Hagen, Maddie wrote: Lesley, Thanks for the speedy email! Here are some times Andrew has available for a call in the upcoming week: EFTA_R1_01012367 EFTA02240850 Fri 3/23, 3:30-4:OOpm Tue 3/27, 2:45-3:15pm Wed 3/28, 2:30-3:30pm Thurs 3/29,

**[WORD]:** ey Groff [mailto Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:25 PM To: Hagen, Maddie Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Maddie, lets schedule this Friday March 23, 3:30-4pm...Andrew can call Jeffrey at On Mar 21, 2018, at 2:51 PM, Hagen, Maddie wrote: Lesley, Thanks for the speedy email! Here are some times Andrew has available for a call in the upcoming week: EFTA_R1_01012367 EFTA02240850 Fri 3/23, 3:30-4:OOpm Tue 3/27, 2:45-3:15pm Wed 3/28, 2:30-3:30pm Thurs 3/29, 3:30-4:30pm Perhaps something during one of these times will work for Jeffrey? Thanks, Maddie Ha en Original Message From: Lesley

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Andrew Farkas 
Fran: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Fri 3/23/2018 6:51:53 PM 
Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
HI Maddie....just wanted to give the heads up! Jeffrey is aware of the 3:30pm call with 
Andrew...but I worry a tad as Jeffrey was late to his last meeting...I HOPE he is back home 
before 3:30pm but will have play 
On Mar 21, 2018, at 3:52 PM, Hagen, Maddie 
wrote: 
Thanks! 
 
Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff [mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:51 PM 
To: Hagen, Maddie 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Super. Received the calendar invite Will respond now 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 21, 2018, at 3:40 PM, Hagen, Maddie 
wrote: 
Sounds great, thanks! I just sent a calendar invite. Andrew will call Jeffrey at that 
time. 
 
Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff [mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:25 PM 
To: Hagen, Maddie 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Maddie, lets schedule this Friday March 23, 3:30-4pm...Andrew can call Jeffrey at 
On Mar 21, 2018, at 2:51 PM, Hagen, Maddie 
wrote:
Lesley, 
Thanks for the speedy email! Here are some times Andrew has available for a 
call in the upcoming week: 
EFTA_R1_01012367 
EFTA02240850

Fri 3/23, 3:30-4:OOpm 
Tue 3/27, 2:45-3:15pm 
Wed 3/28, 2:30-3:30pm 
Thurs 3/29, 3:30-4:30pm 
Perhaps something during one of these times will work for Jeffrey? 
Thanks, 
Maddie Ha en 
 
Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff [mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 2:48 PM 
To: Hagen, Maddie 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello Maddie. Nice chatting with you. I'll speak to Jeffrey about setting up a 
15 min call within the week. 
I'll get back to you soon. 
Lesley 
Sent from my iPhone 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom 
it is addressed. This communication may contain 
information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure 
agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If 
you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, 
disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in 
error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy 
the message (including any attachments) and any copies 
in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be 
considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or 
EFTA_R1_01012368 
EFTA02240851

modification of any agreement with island Capital Group 
LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully 
executed agreement to be received by Island Capital 
Group LLC or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively 
for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-
disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not 
the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, 
reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message 
or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please 
contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including 
any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic 
or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be 
considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of 
any agreement with island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, 
each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the 
use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may 
contain information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a 
confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, 
copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy 
the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be 
considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any 
agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or 
such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01012369 
EFTA02240852

