# EFTA02429017

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: mit, dinner

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** at the top of the list to run the Center, but we'll see what evolves. One interesting twist: I'll spend a chunk of time with Peter Norvig (head of research at Google -- and the guy who did that famous PowerPoint parody of the Gettsburg address). Should be fun. Last night I had dinner with Skip Gates. (He is a trustee at the Center, and on the search committee.) That guy really cracks me up. I think you might really like him. I'll let you know what transpires (or expires). Be well. s. (Sent from my phone...please forgive the brevity.) EFTA_R1_01498545 EFTA02429017

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacationtegmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Kosslyn, Stephen 
Sent: 
Sun 3/14/2010 8:00:13 PM 
Subject: 
What's up 
Hi JEE: 
Robin says that's you left a voicemail. We are currently trapped in a cruddy 
hotel room outside the Philadelphia airport. I have yet to hear back from NYU. 
The head hunter said that it will be another couple of weeks. I've now had four 
(count 'em) days of interviews there, and all but one interview went very well 
(and that one went very badly). I put my odds of getting the offer at about .247, 
approximately. 
Meanwhile, weather willing, tomorrow I'm out to Stanford. I gather that I'm at 
the top of the list to run the Center, but we'll see what evolves. One 
interesting twist: I'll spend a chunk of time with Peter Norvig (head of research 
at Google -- and the guy who did that famous PowerPoint parody of the Gettsburg 
address). Should be fun. 
Last night I had dinner with Skip Gates. (He is a trustee at the Center, and on 
the search committee.) That guy really cracks me up. I think you might really 
like him. 
I'll let you know what transpires (or expires). 
Be well. 
s. 
(Sent from my phone...please forgive the brevity.) 
EFTA_R1_01498545 
EFTA02429017

