# EFTA00030569 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Foreman, P.C. 150 East Tenth Avenue Denver, CO 80203 Dear Counsel: The Silvio J. Mono Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York. New York 10007 October 28, 2020 Bobbi Sternheim, Esq. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 33 West 19th Street-4th Fl. New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) We write in response to your letter of October 13, 2020 setting forth "requests for discovery, inspection, and copying, in accordance with the guarantees of the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Amendments, Rule 16 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, the Federal Rules of Eviden

### Match 2
> Foreman, P.C. 150 East Tenth Avenue Denver, CO 80203 Dear Counsel: The Silvio J. Mono Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York. New York 10007 October 28, 2020 Bobbi Sternheim, Esq. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 33 West 19th Street-4th Fl. New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) We write in response to your letter of October 13, 2020 setting forth "requests for discovery, inspection, and copying, in accordance with the guarantees of the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Amendments, Rule 16 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, the Federal Rules of

### Match 3
> requests": The Government recognizes its obligations under Brady and its progeny and will provide timely disclosure if and when such material comes to light. With respect to your requests under the section titled "Exculpatory Evidence," the Government is not aware of any evidence suggesting that Maxwell was not involved in or aware of the conduct alleged in the Indictment. The Government will provide timely disclosure if it learns of any such material. Certain of your requests suggest your view that any evidence that Epstein sexually abused or assaulted a victim, but without the knowledge or pa
