# EFTA02262348

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Lesley GrofI M From: Eva Dubin Sent Mon 11/19/2018 2:16:10 PM Subject Re: GIFT from Jeffrey Epstein-Apple Watch Series 4 Oh my.... Let me go to the apple store and check it outlICIVLiV" Please note, my email address has changed to On Nov 19, 2018, at 6:49 AM, Lesley wrote: Hello! Jeffrey would like to buy you a Apple Wa

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Lesley GrofI
M 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent 
Mon 11/19/2018 2:16:10 PM 
Subject Re: GIFT from Jeffrey Epstein-Apple Watch Series 4 
Oh my.... 
Let me go to the apple store and check it outlICIVLiV" 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
On Nov 19, 2018, at 6:49 AM, Lesley 
wrote: 
Hello! Jeffrey would like to buy you a Apple Watch Series 4! Please answer the 
below questions so we may order your watch. I need your details no later than 
Nov. 30th! 
-Size: 40mm or 44mm 
-Case Color: Silver, Gold or Space Gray 
-Case Material: Aluminum (matt finish) Stainless Steel (shiny finish) 
-Snort Band Color: There arc 9 colors in "Sport Band", There arc 3 Nike Sports Bands 
and 9 Sport Band Loop Colors. Be specific! i.e.: Seashell Sport Loop or 
Antracite/Blak Nike Sport Band. You can view the bands here: 
https://www.apple.com/shop/watch/bands)
(please note leather bands and Hermes leather bands are excluded) 
-Address to Shin to: Provide me your exact address to have the watch shipped to once it 
is ready. Watches take between 2-5 weeks for delivery depending on your 
choices. 
Your watch will come with GPS + Cellular. 
If you need help I am happy to assist. Please email me. 
Lesley 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_01062764 
EFTA02262348

