# EFTA02419497

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com]|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|09 September 2010 17:31|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.corn] From: The Duke Sent: Fri 9/24/2010 6:03:47 PM Subject: RE: Looking forward to seeing you on Monday. Where are you staying and do you want to come to BP to catch up first and then go out to dinner somewhere? What are your plans? A HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] Sent: 09 September 2010 17:31 To: The Duke Subject: I will be in london the 24-29 *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent: 
Fri 9/24/2010 6:03:47 PM 
Subject: RE: 
Looking forward to seeing you on Monday. 
Where are you staying and do you want to come to BP to catch up first and then go 
out to dinner somewhere? 
What are your plans? 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Sent: 09 September 2010 17:31 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
I will be in london the 24-29 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.com and 
EFTA_R1_01485174 
EFTA02419497

destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01485175 
EFTA02419498

