# EFTA02417051

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Al seckel|
|Sent|Sat, October 30, 2010 2:59:41 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacationagmail.comj From: Al seckel Sent Sat 10/30/2010 10:54:26 PM Subject: Re: will remove clinton foundation, what is ylk? From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Al seckel Sent: Sat, October 30, 2010 2:59:41 PM Subject: here is a current list of funding projects. . please remove ylk, from charity page. clinton foundation. *********************************************************** The i

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacationagmail.comj 
From: 
Al seckel 
Sent 
Sat 10/30/2010 10:54:26 PM 
Subject: Re: 
will remove clinton foundation, what is ylk? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Sat, October 30, 2010 2:59:41 PM 
Subject: 
here is a current list of funding projects. . please remove ylk, from charity page. clinton 
foundation. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01481743 
EFTA02417051

