# EFTA02469932

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=effrey <jeevacation®gmail.com <mailtoieevacation@gmail.com»|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Fwd:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, March 12, 2016 4:05 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: check your messages On Sat, Mar 12, 2016 at 12:03 PM, Eva Dubin <mailto > wrote: only got a picture! Date: Sat, 12 Mar=2016 12:00:51 -0400 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> To: <=r> just texted video to you On Sat,=Mar 12, 2016 at 11:

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, March 12, 2016 4:05 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: check your messages On Sat, Mar 12, 2016 at 12:03 PM, Eva Dubin <mailto > wrote: only got a picture! Date: Sat, 12 Mar=2016 12:00:51 -0400 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> To: <=r> just texted video to you On Sat,=Mar 12, 2016 at 11:58 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: amazinglIIII Date: Sat, 12 Mar 2016 1=:48:28 -0400 Su

**[FULL]:** ct: Re: check your messages On Sat, Mar 12, 2016 at 12:03 PM, Eva Dubin <mailto > wrote: only got a picture! Date: Sat, 12 Mar=2016 12:00:51 -0400 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> To: <=r> just texted video to you On Sat,=Mar 12, 2016 at 11:58 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: amazinglIIII Date: Sat, 12 Mar 2016 1=:48:28 -0400 Subject: Fwd: From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail=com> To: mailto Forwarded message From: =effrey <jeevacation®gmail.com <mailtoieevacation@gmail.com» Date: Sat, Mar 12= 2016 at 11:45 AM Subject: To: jeffrey ep

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, March 12, 2016 4:05 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
check your messages 
On Sat, Mar 12, 2016 at 12:03 PM, Eva Dubin 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
only got a picture! 
Date: Sat, 12 Mar=2016 12:00:51 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> 
To: 
<=r> 
just texted video to you 
On Sat,=Mar 12, 2016 at 11:58 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
amazinglIIII 
Date: Sat, 12 Mar 2016 1=:48:28 -0400 
Subject: Fwd: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail=com> 
To: 
mailto 
 
Forwarded message 
From: =effrey <jeevacation®gmail.com <mailtoieevacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Sat, Mar 12= 2016 at 11:45 AM 
Subject: 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_01580645 
EFTA02469932

Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
40=A0 please note 
The information contained in this communication is<=r>confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, 
may 
constitute insid= information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is =he property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thiscommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be un=awful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify =s immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevac=tion@gmail.com> , and 
destro= this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. =opyright -all rights reserved 
=C2* 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only =or 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthoriz=d use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
return e-mail o= by e-mail to j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies =hereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
please =ote 
2 
EFTA_R1_01580646 
EFTA02469933

The information contained in this communication is 
confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If =ou have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and 
destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01580647 
EFTA02469934

