# EFTA02721323

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, dinner

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Lesley Gm|
|Sent||
|Subject|e: e ey Epstein|

---

**[FULL]:** rey this is going to happen because I am pretzelling sched big time to be there. Lookimg fwd. Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry From: Lesley Groff Date: Sat, 30 Apr 2 To: Larry Summers Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Good morning Larry. Jeffrey wanted me to let you know that on Monday night, Bill Gates will have already eaten dinner prior to his arrival...therefore, Jeffrey will only be serving tea cakes, dessert, coffee, etc type items! He wants to make sure you do not come too hungry and expecting dinner. Thank you for understanding. Have a great weekend. EFTA_R1_02205350 EFTA02721323 L

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
'eeyacation 
mail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn] Jefffrey Epstein[jeeyacation@gmailtorn] 
From: 
Sent 
a 
: 
: 
m 
Subject 
Re: Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
Ok thx 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 30 Apr 2011 11:34:16 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
yes its on 
On Sat, Apr 30, 2011 at 11:26 AM, •=
1 wrote: 
I can assure him this is going to happen, correct? 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: 
Date: Sat, 30 Apr 2011 14:50:37 +0000 
To: Lesley Gm 
ReplyT 
Subject: e: e ey Epstein 
Fine. Pls make sure w jeffrey this is going to happen because I am pretzelling sched big time to 
be there. Lookimg fwd. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From: Lesley Groff 
Date: Sat, 30 Apr 2 
To: Larry Summers 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Good morning Larry. Jeffrey wanted me to let you know that on Monday night, Bill Gates will 
have already eaten dinner prior to his arrival...therefore, Jeffrey will only be serving tea cakes, 
dessert, coffee, etc type items! He wants to make sure you do not come too hungry and 
expecting dinner. 
Thank you for understanding. 
Have a great weekend. 
EFTA_R1_02205350 
EFTA02721323

Lesley 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstcin 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ics% acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_02205351 
EFTA02721324

