# EFTA02622321

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Mukamal, Thomas|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent|Thursday, September 14, 2017 6:25 PM|
|Subject|AYH|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Farkas, Andrew L. < Sent: Friday, September 15, 2017 6:23 AM To: Florida Science Foundation Subject: Fw: AYH Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. Original Message From: Mukamal, Thomas Sent: Thursday, September 14, 2017 6:25 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: AYH Please to know we brought on a couple

**[WORD]:** From: Farkas, Andrew L. < Sent: Friday, September 15, 2017 6:23 AM To: Florida Science Foundation Subject: Fw: AYH Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. Original Message From: Mukamal, Thomas Sent: Thursday, September 14, 2017 6:25 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: AYH Please to know we brought on a couple more guards. Tom Mukamal CEO Island Global Yachting Ltd 717 5th Avenue, 18th Floor New York, New York 10022 This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity to who

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. < 
Sent: 
Friday, September 15, 2017 6:23 AM 
To: 
Florida Science Foundation 
Subject: 
Fw: AYH 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
Original Message 
From: Mukamal, Thomas 
Sent: Thursday, September 14, 2017 6:25 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Subject: AYH 
Please to know we brought on a couple more guards. 
Tom Mukamal 
CEO 
Island Global Yachting Ltd 
717 5th Avenue, 18th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary,=privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, =r otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or und=r applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby n=tified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, dissemi=ating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including=any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this me=sage in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the messa=e (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in=electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be =onsidered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any ag=eement with Island Global Yachting Ltd or any of its affiliates, each of w=ich 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Global Ya=hting Ltd or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary,=privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, =r otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or und=r applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby n=tified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, dissemi=ating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including=any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this me=sage in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the messa=e (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in=electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be =onsidered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any ag=eement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of whi=h 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Gro=p LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01829982 
EFTA02622321

<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>31501</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1505456603</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>749914</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01829983 
EFTA02622322

