# EFTA02579032

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: TITLE | XRefs: epstein, president

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[TITLE]:** heard, we are stranded in St. =homas and the airlines are saying we can't get out until Thursday. Our names: Kelly Friendly Andrew Friendly Catherine Friendly Caroline Friendly My cell is below or you can reach my husband Andrew Friendly on his cell at= > . You may have met him when he was President Clinton's =ide. We would be so grateful for any help you could provide. Kelly Friendly The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeff

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, January 4, 2014 3:52 PM 
To: 
Kelly Friendly; Jermaine Ruan 
Subject: 
Re: Larry Summers 
jermaine , please organzie kelly to have use of the min= van. today 
On Sat, Jan 4, 2014 at 10:50 AM, Kell Friendly < 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Excellent. I will email him now. 
If it's not too much of an inconvenience we would love to use the =ar. Is it available around 3? We are staying 
by the airport.... 
Kelly Friendl 
On Jan 4, 2014, at 11:46 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> =rote: 
<mailto 
> . andrew farkas is flying tomorrow. ple=se 
contact him directly and as soon as you are ready i will organiz= the use of my car. 
On Sat, Jan 4, 2014 at 10:44 AM, Kelly Friendly =span dir="Itr"> < 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Please let me know how best to follow up. We may have found a cond= by red hook but 
haven't found a car yet. 
Fantastic. If possible, could my 
and I =o back with Mr. Farkas? 
Let me know how to follow up. 
Kelly Friendly 
EFTA_R1_01753227 
EFTA02579032

On Jan 4, 2014, at 11:39 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmailscom> =rote: 
my friend andrew farkas has a pretty full plane to ny t=morrwo but can take 1 or 2 of 
you. i can call other hotels =her we have pull.. my cars and drivers are at your disposal. 
On Sat, Jan 4, 2014 at 10:37 AM, Kell Friend! =span dir="ltr"> 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Mr. Epstein: 
I work for Larry Summers and as you may have heard, we are stranded in St. 
=homas and the airlines are saying we can't get out until Thursday. 
Our names: 
Kelly Friendly 
Andrew Friendly 
Catherine Friendly 
Caroline Friendly 
My cell is below or you can reach my husband Andrew Friendly on his cell at= 
> . You may have met him when he was President Clinton's =ide. 
We would be so grateful for any help you could provide. 
Kelly Friendly 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
and 
2 
EFTA_R1_01753228 
EFTA02579033

destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
**** 
******* 
** ******** 
**** 
******* 
tttkt 
***** 
111th ********** 
** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
ttthtt ********* MYtttth4_ 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01753229 
EFTA02579034

