# EFTA02407941

**LES WEXNER REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: foundation, financial

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** d types of Tzedakka. In terms of types of Tzedakka there are Jews without food on their table for their families, Jews in need of all types of urgent life saving resources.The support of the study of Torah which produces more activists to help other Jews is not dissimiar to the principal behind Wexner Heritage Foundation, but should be broadened in scope to help many schools of Torah learning produce leaders who will take our place as leaders in helping others. A Grassroots effort that directly helps many individual on a separate basis is prefable to a single big check. The principal of doin

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationtagmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Mark Fisher 
Sent 
Fri 8/13/2010 4:43:36 PM 
Jeffrey 
The month of Elul began yesterday, the final month before Rosh Hashanah. 
Rosh Hashanah, the Day of Judgement, is in less that 30 days from today. 
Simply stated this month is like the biggest Tax Amnesty in history. G-d is 
closest to his Jews at this time and all things from the previous year that 
should be corrected and forgiven can be fixed during this propitious month. 
There is also a 10 day extension period between Rosh Hashanah and Yom Kippur. 
One cannot underestimate the value of what one can do for one's own good during 
this month. You've had a couple of complex and tough years and I want to help you 
so that the coming year is full of good. 
How: When you go to Shul on Rosh Hoshanah they say the words: TSCHUVA 
(RETURN TO CLOSENESS WITH THE CREATOR)---TEFILLAH (PRAYER)---AND TZEDAKKAH---
SAVE ONE FROM THE EVIL DECREE. This is the recipe for The month of Elul. 
The greatest measure of success for a person in this lifetime is how close he can 
come to the Author of the Universe. That is Tschuva. 
we have talked about prayer and can talk some more. 
The Jewish fiscal year is Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah. Our Tzedakka is 
measured during this time frame. We need to look at our financial books and make 
sure we have fulfilled our obligations from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah in 
amounts and types of Tzedakka. 
In terms of types of Tzedakka there are Jews without food on their table for 
their families, Jews in need of all types of urgent life saving resources.The 
support of the study of Torah which produces more activists to help other Jews is 
not dissimiar to the principal behind Wexner Heritage Foundation, but should be 
broadened in scope to help many schools of Torah learning produce leaders who 
will take our place as leaders in helping others. 
A Grassroots effort that directly helps many individual on a separate basis is 
prefable to a single big check. The principal of doing the mitzvah many times in 
a smaller fashion than one stroke of the pen increased the pattern of giving. 
Think of it as a pleasurable activity that you would like to repeat as often as 
possible as opposed to one big blow out. 
I may sound a bit cumbersome, if you want I can help you execute it and make sure 
it is done 100% the right way. 
Let's discuss. 
Be Well. 
Good Shabbos, 
Mark 
EFTA_R1_01467525 
EFTA02407941

