# EFTA02440104

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [nnalito:jeemcationegmall.com]|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Monday, July 13, 2009 5:45 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epstein[leeyacationggmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Tue 7/14/2009 8:04:40 AM Subject: RE: i'll call u later today g From: Jeffrey Epstein [nnalito:jeemcationegmall.com] Sent: Monday, July 13, 2009 5:45 PM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: when you get a chance,,, if you could call me,,, kirkland thinks i should blw up the agreement, su

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epstein[leeyacationggmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Tue 7/14/2009 8:04:40 AM Subject: RE: i'll call u later today g From: Jeffrey Epstein [nnalito:jeemcationegmall.com] Sent: Monday, July 13, 2009 5:45 PM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: when you get a chance,,, if you could call me,,, kirkland thinks i should blw up the agreement, sue and add shulte, dan etc. they can't see how i end up with less.. This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. I

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epstein[leeyacationggmail.com] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent 
Tue 7/14/2009 8:04:40 AM 
Subject: RE: 
i'll call u later today g 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [nnalito:jeemcationegmall.com] 
Sent: Monday, July 13, 2009 5:45 PM 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Subject: 
when you get a chance,,, if you could call me,,, kirkland thinks i should blw up the agreement, 
sue and add shulte, dan etc. they can't see how i end up with less.. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01513952 
EFTA02440104

