# EFTA02488955

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|'eevacation@ mail.com cmailto:"eevacation@ mail.c=m>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, September 10, 2015 10:44 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: she wants to do it in belaurs , abdooinally =AO so that recovery would be at home i didnt know whether more=advnaced techniques exist in newyrk On Thu, Sep 10, 2015 at 11:20 PM, <mailto > wrote: Okay, when is she coming to town? Lets talk abo=t this on the phone tomorrow. Date

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, September 10, 2015 10:44 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
she wants to do it in belaurs , abdooinally =AO so that recovery would be at home i didnt know whether 
more=advnaced techniques exist in newyrk 
On Thu, Sep 10, 2015 at 11:20 PM, 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Okay, when is she coming to town? Lets talk abo=t this on the phone tomorrow. 
Date: Thu, 10 Sep 2015=22:51:47 +0200 
Subject: 
From: 'eevacation@ mail.com cmailto:"eevacation@ mail.c=m> 
To: 
<mailt 
> 
karyna mom needs to do a meyectomy , with uterus an= ovaries out. . 
plea=e note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confi=ential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside inform=tion, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the prop=rty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
commun=cation or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. =f you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immed=ately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> , and 
destroy this c=mmunication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrigh= -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01609208 
EFTA02488955

please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01609209 
EFTA02488956

