# EFTA00018957 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, August 20, 2019 4:46 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> RE: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death The attorney proffer from Andy Patel was today (08/20) at approx. 3:30 pm, just FYI. From: (USANYE) Sent: Tuesday, August 20, 2019 4:34 PM To: (USANYS) Subject: FW: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death From: Andrew Patel Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 3:15 PM To: (USANYE) (USANYE) < > Cc: Donald Yannella Andrew Patel Subject: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Dear This email concerns the investigation into the death of Jeffrey Epstein in the MCC. We realize that it is unlikely

### Match 2
> as today (08/20) at approx. 3:30 pm, just FYI. From: (USANYE) Sent: Tuesday, August 20, 2019 4:34 PM To: (USANYS) Subject: FW: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death From: Andrew Patel Sent: Monday, August 12, 2019 3:15 PM To: (USANYE) (USANYE) < > Cc: Donald Yannella Andrew Patel Subject: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Dear This email concerns the investigation into the death of Jeffrey Epstein in the MCC. We realize that it is unlikely your office is involved, but we > USANYE) ;'Jill Shellow' EFTA00018957 thought that we should inf

### Match 3
> the same tier and across the hall from Mr. Epstein's cell. Mr. Contreras did not see Mr. Epstein hang himself, but he would be willing to speak to investigators, in the presence of counsel, about his observations. Please let us know if there is anything further we should do to follow-up. Andy Andrew G. Patel Attorney at Law 80 Broad Street, Suite 1900 New York, NY 10004 Tel CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail message is covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. 2510-2521. It is legally privileged. The information it contains is confidential information and is intend
