# EFTA02505257

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, April 13, 2015 7:25 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: RFII Flip Book #3 Dec 2014.pdf - Adobe Acrobat.pdf sorry, as the fair value is determined by insiders=C2 , not really relevant. how about bought sold </=iv> On Mon, Apr 1=, 2015 at 3:05 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. Here you are, Mr. Epstein, sir.ar> This message, and any attachments

**[WORD]:** eevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, April 13, 2015 7:25 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: RFII Flip Book #3 Dec 2014.pdf - Adobe Acrobat.pdf sorry, as the fair value is determined by insiders=C2 , not really relevant. how about bought sold </=iv> On Mon, Apr 1=, 2015 at 3:05 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. Here you are, Mr. Epstein, sir.ar> This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary,=privileged, subject to a confid

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, April 13, 2015 7:25 PM 
To: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
Re: RFII Flip Book #3 Dec 2014.pdf - Adobe Acrobat.pdf 
sorry, as the fair value is determined by insiders=C2 , not really relevant. how about bought sold </=iv> 
On Mon, Apr 1=, 2015 at 3:05 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
Here you are, Mr. Epstein, sir.ar> 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary,=privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, =r otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or und=r applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
n=tified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, dissemi=ating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including=any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this me=sage in error, 
please contact the sender immediately and destroy the messa=e (including any attachments) and any copies in their 
entirety, whether in=electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be =onsidered a legally 
binding agreement, amendment or modification of any ag=eement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, 
each of whi=h requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Gro=p LLC or such affiliate. 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01635080 
EFTA02505257

