# EFTA02507157

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.c=m <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Eva Dubin|
|Sent|Thursday, March 15, 2018 9:06 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Thursday, March 15, 2018 1:55 PM To: jeevacation@gmail.com Subject: Re: age? where does he live? Please note, my email address has changed to: From: jeevacation@gmail.c=m <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, March 15, 2018 9:06 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: chris clark, looking f

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Thursday, March 15, 2018 1:55 PM To: jeevacation@gmail.com Subject: Re: age? where does he live? Please note, my email address has changed to: From: jeevacation@gmail.c=m <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, March 15, 2018 9:06 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: chris clark, looking for woman / late fo=ties ealry fifties. fun guy please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Thursday, March 15, 2018 1:55 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Re: 
age? 
where does he live? 
Please note, my email address has changed to: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.c=m <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Thursday, March 15, 2018 9:06 AM 
To: Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
chris clark, looking for woman / late fo=ties ealry fifties. fun guy 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01637667 
EFTA02507157

