# EFTA02575308

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, September 21, 2013 3:28 PM To: Lesley Groff; Eva Dubin for evas event maybe jessica joffee. barbros girl= felica taylor? The information contained in this com=unication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauth

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, September 21, 2013 3:28 PM 
To: 
Lesley Groff; Eva Dubin 
for evas event maybe jessica joffee. barbros girl= felica taylor? 
The information contained in this com=unication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside 
i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying=of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unla=ful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us=immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
--bcaec5314ec109c17f04e6e66dcd-- conversation-id 267630 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1379777253 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 344492 
1 
EFTA_R1_01746588 
EFTA02575308

