# EFTA02722560

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, ghislaine

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[WORD]:** 1 4:58:25 PM Subject: Re: Names arc Mark Thompson of Atkins Thompson and David Price of David Price Solicitors and Advocates. Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> Date To: Subject: Re: another name? On Sun, Mar 6, 2011 at 4:10 AM, < wrote: Andrew story now running third item on BBC news. You/Ghislaine need to instruct Schillings. Rod CM contacted yet ? Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is int

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmaii.corn]. Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Sun 3/6/2011 4:58:25 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Names arc Mark Thompson of Atkins Thompson and David Price of David Price Solicitors and 
Advocates. 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
another name? 
On Sun, Mar 6, 2011 at 4:10 AM, <
wrote: 
Andrew story now running third item on BBC news. You/Ghislaine need to instruct Schillings. 
Rod CM contacted yet ? 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ks_vacationragmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_02207555 
EFTA02722560

