# EFTA00020439 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 11

## Email Metadata
- **From:** David Oscar Markus <dmarkus@markuslaw.com>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, March 31, 2021 11:02 AM
- **Subject:** Re: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: M I®usa.doj.gov> To: David Oscar Markus <dmarkus@markuslaw.com>, (USANYS)" @ti.sa.doj.gov> Cc: "ausa.doj.gov> Subject: RE: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Wed, 31 Mar 2021 15:15:15 +0000 David, Confirmed, the Government opposes the motion for bail and intends to file a response. Best, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 212-63 From: David Oscar Markus <dmarkus@markusla

### Match 2
> pposes the motion for bail and intends to file a response. Best, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 212-63 From: David Oscar Markus <dmarkus@markuslaw.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 31, 2021 11:02 AM To: Subject: Re: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell We are preparing our motion for bail in the Second Circuit and need to inform the Court of the government's position. We intend to let the Court know that the Government's opposes Ms. Maxwell's motion and intends to file a response. Please confirm. Thanks, David --David Oscar Markus EFTA0002

### Match 3
> confirm. Thanks, David --David Oscar Markus EFTA00020439 markuslaw.com 305-379= From (USANYS) ausdoLgov> Sent: Thursday, March 25, 2021 7:10 PM To: David Oscar Markus Cc: (USANYS) (USANYS); Christian Everdell; Bobbi Sternheim (bcsternheirn@mac.com). Mark S. Cohen Subject: RE: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell David, Thanks for letting us know that you'll be counsel on this appeal. As an initial matter, the majority of the docket entries you've referenced do not appear to be redacted. In any event, you may obtain these materials from defense counsel -- I've copied them here. This case is already gove

### Match 4
> nding on all counsel. Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 (212) 637-= From: David Oscar Markus <dmarkus@markuslaw.com> Sent: Thursday, March 25, 2021 5:33 PM To: >: EFTA00020440 Zusa.doj,gov> Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell Good afternoon counsel: I have been engaged to represent Ghislaine Maxwell in her appeal from the denial of her third application for bail. In preparing this appeal, I will need access to certain unredacted documents, including docket entries 4, 18, 22, 97, 100, 103, 106, 159, 160, 165, 171, 16

### Match 5
> strict of New York One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 (212) 637-= From: David Oscar Markus <dmarkus@markuslaw.com> Sent: Thursday, March 25, 2021 5:33 PM To: >: EFTA00020440 Zusa.doj,gov> Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell Good afternoon counsel: I have been engaged to represent Ghislaine Maxwell in her appeal from the denial of her third application for bail. In preparing this appeal, I will need access to certain unredacted documents, including docket entries 4, 18, 22, 97, 100, 103, 106, 159, 160, 165, 171, 169. Do you have any objection to me having access to these unredacted documen

### Match 6
> From: M I®usa.doj.gov> To: David Oscar Markus <dmarkus@markuslaw.com>, (USANYS)" @ti.sa.doj.gov> Cc: "ausa.doj.gov> Subject: RE: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Wed, 31 Mar 2021 15:15:15 +0000 David, Confirmed, the Government opposes the motion for bail and intends to file a response. Best, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 212-63 From: David Oscar Markus <dmarkus@

### Match 7
> pposes the motion for bail and intends to file a response. Best, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 212-63 From: David Oscar Markus <dmarkus@markuslaw.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 31, 2021 11:02 AM To: Subject: Re: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell We are preparing our motion for bail in the Second Circuit and need to inform the Court of the government's position. We intend to let the Court know that the Government's opposes Ms. Maxwell's motion and intends to file a response. Please confirm. Thanks, David --David Oscar Markus

### Match 8
> confirm. Thanks, David --David Oscar Markus EFTA00020439 markuslaw.com 305-379= From (USANYS) ausdoLgov> Sent: Thursday, March 25, 2021 7:10 PM To: David Oscar Markus Cc: (USANYS) (USANYS); Christian Everdell; Bobbi Sternheim (bcsternheirn@mac.com). Mark S. Cohen Subject: RE: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell David, Thanks for letting us know that you'll be counsel on this appeal. As an initial matter, the majority of the docket entries you've referenced do not appear to be redacted. In any event, you may obtain these materials from defense counsel -- I've copied them here. This case is alre

### Match 9
> nding on all counsel. Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 (212) 637-= From: David Oscar Markus <dmarkus@markuslaw.com> Sent: Thursday, March 25, 2021 5:33 PM To: >: EFTA00020440 Zusa.doj,gov> Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell Good afternoon counsel: I have been engaged to represent Ghislaine Maxwell in her appeal from the denial of her third application for bail. In preparing this appeal, I will need access to certain unredacted documents, including docket entries 4, 18, 22, 97, 100, 103, 106, 159, 160, 165,

### Match 10
> strict of New York One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 (212) 637-= From: David Oscar Markus <dmarkus@markuslaw.com> Sent: Thursday, March 25, 2021 5:33 PM To: >: EFTA00020440 Zusa.doj,gov> Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell Good afternoon counsel: I have been engaged to represent Ghislaine Maxwell in her appeal from the denial of her third application for bail. In preparing this appeal, I will need access to certain unredacted documents, including docket entries 4, 18, 22, 97, 100, 103, 106, 159, 160, 165, 171, 169. Do you have any objection to me having access to these unredacted
