# EFTA00028136 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf速ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf速ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Acknowledgment and Notice of Appearance FILED"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> s first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 01/26/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Documents) Docket Text: ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND NOTICE OF APPEARANCE, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 01/26/2021 by CMIECF.[3021043] [21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: mana in clerksoffice cohena sser.com Tammy Tones, Deputy Clerk: Tammy_Torres@ca2.uscourts.gov Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: ceverdell@cohengressercom, Tammy Tones, Deputy Cler

### Match 2
> s first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 01/26/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Documents) Docket Text: ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND NOTICE OF APPEARANCE, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 01/26/2021 by CMIECF.[3021043] [21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: mana in clerksoffice cohena sser.com Tammy Tones, Deputy Clerk: Tammy_Torres@ca2.uscourts.gov Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: ceverdell@cohengressercom, Tammy Tones, Dep

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf速ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf速ca2.uscourts.gov> To: Subject: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Acknowledgment and Notice of Appearance FILED" Date: Tue, 26 Jan 2021 17:20:00 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all docum

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 01/26/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Documents) Docket Text: ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND NOTICE OF APPEARANCE, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 01/26/2021 by CMIECF.[3021043] [21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: mana in clerksoffice cohena sser.com Tammy Tones, De
