# EFTA02419001

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Cecile de Jongh|
|To|JEE •<'eeN|
|Sent|Tue Sep 28 07:00:18 2010|
|Subject|Farkas|

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.conteevacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Tue 91281201011:18:59 AM Subject: Re: Fwd: Farkas On it. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tue Sep 28 07:00:18 2010 Subject: Fwd: Farkas Forwarded mes From: Cecile de Jongh Date: Tue, Sep 28, 2010 at 9:31 AM Subject: Fwd: Farkas To: J E

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.conteevacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Tue 91281201011:18:59 AM Subject: Re: Fwd: Farkas On it. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tue Sep 28 07:00:18 2010 Subject: Fwd: Farkas Forwarded mes From: Cecile de Jongh Date: Tue, Sep 28, 2010 at 9:31 AM Subject: Fwd: Farkas To: J E <icevacation@gmail.com> Good morning, Has Andrew Farkas written the letter to Ed Thomas? John has a meeting with the board in a few d

**[WORD]:** t: Re: Fwd: Farkas On it. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tue Sep 28 07:00:18 2010 Subject: Fwd: Farkas Forwarded mes From: Cecile de Jongh Date: Tue, Sep 28, 2010 at 9:31 AM Subject: Fwd: Farkas To: J E <icevacation@gmail.com> Good morning, Has Andrew Farkas written the letter to Ed Thomas? John has a meeting with the board in a few days and would like to bring the items up but can only do so if he is cc'd and sent a copy. Warm regards, Cecile Begin forwarded message: From: Cecile de Jongh Date: September 24, 2010 6:45:33 AM EDT To: JEE •

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.conteevacationellgmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Tue 91281201011:18:59 AM 
Subject: Re: Fwd: Farkas 
On it. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Tue Sep 28 07:00:18 2010 
Subject: Fwd: Farkas 
 
Forwarded mes 
From: Cecile de Jongh 
Date: Tue, Sep 28, 2010 at 9:31 AM 
Subject: Fwd: Farkas 
To: J E <icevacation@gmail.com>
Good morning, 
Has Andrew Farkas written the letter to Ed Thomas? John has a meeting with the board in a few 
days and would like to bring the items up but can only do so if he is cc'd and sent a copy. 
Warm regards, 
Cecile 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Cecile de Jongh 
Date: September 24, 2010 6:45:33 AM EDT 
To: JEE •<'eeN
tst:n 
 gmail.com> 
Subject: Farkas 
Good morning Jeffrey, 
I spoke to John re YHG. He said that Andrew should write a letter ASAP to Ed 
listing all the things that he promised to do for YHG or that they agreed upon 
and cc John. John needs to have that list from Andrew in a letter form. 
Cecile 
EFTA_R1_01484566 
EFTA02419001

DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be 
privileged,confidential, and protected from disclosure. If you are not the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution 
or duplication of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and 
delete all copies. 
***************** 
********** 
****************** 
************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@amail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01484567 
EFTA02419002

