# EFTA02516790

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Miluska Vanegas <|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel <|
|Sent||
|Subject|RE: visa|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, November 7, 2014 10:18 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: FW: visa why did he apply for a new O 1, and not an extensio= http://www.hooy=u.com/o-1/duration.html <http://www.hooyou.com/o-l/duration.html> .. everyone else we merely apply fo= one year extensions over and over. was your time =p? On T=u, Nov 6, 2014 at 10:01 PM, Jean Luc Brun

**[FULL]:** an Luc Brunel Subject: Re: FW: visa why did he apply for a new O 1, and not an extensio= http://www.hooy=u.com/o-1/duration.html <http://www.hooyou.com/o-l/duration.html> .. everyone else we merely apply fo= one year extensions over and over. was your time =p? On T=u, Nov 6, 2014 at 10:01 PM, Jean Luc Brunel < <1...» wrote: From: Miluska Vanegas < Date: Friday, November 7, 2014 at 1=:48 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel < Subject: RE: visa >> Hi Jean Luc, Attached are the documents that correspond t= your visa petition. • =C2 September 5th, he received the request for evi=ence • =C2 September 9th, he

**[FULL]:** =u.com/o-1/duration.html <http://www.hooyou.com/o-l/duration.html> .. everyone else we merely apply fo= one year extensions over and over. was your time =p? On T=u, Nov 6, 2014 at 10:01 PM, Jean Luc Brunel < <1...» wrote: From: Miluska Vanegas < Date: Friday, November 7, 2014 at 1=:48 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel < Subject: RE: visa >> Hi Jean Luc, Attached are the documents that correspond t= your visa petition. • =C2 September 5th, he received the request for evi=ence • =C2 September 9th, he emailed me a list of things =hat we could send as evidence • =C2 October 9th, he emailed me: "All the mat

**[FULL]:** l your v=sa application. • =C2 November 4th, her assistant sent me the letter=that was sent to immigration to cancel the visa. • =C2 Today I emailed Luis, asking what was the prob=em and why they are taking so long for the approval but until this moment = havent heard from him. Miluska From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Wednesday, November 05, 2014 11:29 PM To: Miluska Venegas Subject: visa Can you send me all documentation related=to my visa petition Also what you remember of phone call with=luis about delay thanks please =ote The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, November 7, 2014 10:18 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: FW: visa 
why did he apply for a new O 1, and not an extensio= http://www.hooy=u.com/o-1/duration.html 
<http://www.hooyou.com/o-l/duration.html> .. everyone else we merely apply fo= one year extensions over and 
over. was your time =p? 
On T=u, Nov 6, 2014 at 10:01 PM, Jean Luc Brunel < 
<1...» wrote: 
From: Miluska Vanegas < 
Date: Friday, November 7, 2014 at 1=:48 AM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel < 
Subject: RE: visa 
>> 
Hi Jean Luc, 
Attached are the documents that correspond t= your visa petition. 
• =C2 
September 5th, he received the request for evi=ence 
• =C2 
September 9th, he emailed me a list of things =hat we could send as evidence 
• =C2 
October 9th, he emailed me: "All the materials you provided for Jean Luc have been provided to 
immigration and =e are awaiting their reply. As soon as I have additional information I wil= immediately let you know. 
We should have information shortly. In the mean=ime, if Jean Luc is abroad and must travel to the states, he can enter 
under the ESTA visa (formerly VWPP= program which is available to all nationals of the European Union. After =he O-1 
visa petition is approved, Jean Luc will be able to have the visa i=sued at the U.S. Embassy in Paris. I will send you the 
online link for the ESTA program in the event Jean Luc=is not registered on the site. I promise I'll be in touch as soon as 
I=have good news". 
=C2 
October 15th, he text me: "No news, but p=ease know we are on top of it and it is one of our very top 
priorities!!&q=ot; 
EFTA_R1_01651862 
EFTA02516790

=C2 
October 22nd, he text me: "We really shou=d be receiving notification from the Vermont sery center 
very shortly. =AO I will check again with them today. Remember Jean Luc can always enter the US under EST= program 
while the O-1 petition is pending at immigration. I'll =pdate you later today. 
• =C2 
October 28th, he text me: "Believe me I a= very frustrated, especially since they have approved our 
petitions 3 prev=ous occasions! Today, I'm contacting my friend who is the District Director for a mem=er of Congress so 
that she can help on this. It really shouldn =99t be much longer. I'll let you know immediately upon having an= 
additional information. Hopefully this week". 
• =C2 
November 3rd I requested Luis to cancel your v=sa application. 
• =C2 
November 4th, her assistant sent me the letter=that was sent to immigration to cancel the visa. 
• =C2 
Today I emailed Luis, asking what was the prob=em and why they are taking so long for the approval 
but until this moment = havent heard from him. 
Miluska 
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: Wednesday, November 05, 2014 11:29 PM 
To: Miluska Venegas 
Subject: visa 
Can you send me all documentation related=to my visa petition 
Also what you remember of phone call with=luis about delay 
thanks 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01651863 
EFTA02516791

