# EFTA02505899

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Jeffrey E."|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, April 4, 2015 5:04 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: of course. would you like to have someone pack up y=ur apt. or i can arrange if you choose. no rush I want you to be pea=eful. and ship to wherever you prefer. I am happy to have ma=hew involved. I think it a good idea for you to withdraw the lawsui=, it is not good for either of

**[FULL]:** re. If you wish, you can contact Mathieu who is my friend and should be th= best mediator. Mathieu has accepted on principle and might be available from the mid =f April. be well Jean luc Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Oate:04/04/2015 6:49 PM (GMT+07:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: hope you are feeling better. your lawyer=seems like a nice man. . brad edwards has now filed your suit =s evidence against me. talk to your lawyer and I suggest=you withdraw it. . he ,you and me , don't need it on file =o work out a solution please note The information contained in t

**[WORD]:** ave someone pack up y=ur apt. or i can arrange if you choose. no rush I want you to be pea=eful. and ship to wherever you prefer. I am happy to have ma=hew involved. I think it a good idea for you to withdraw the lawsui=, it is not good for either of us, On Sat, Apr 4, 2015 at 11:56 AM, Jean =uc Brunel wrote: Good morning, Before anything I want to thank you for the time i have spent in your =uilding. Health wise, I don't feel better since I am out of work and I don&=39;t know how I can restore my reputation in the future. If you wish, you can contact Mathieu who is my friend and should be

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, April 4, 2015 5:04 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
of course. would you like to have someone pack up y=ur apt. or i can arrange if you choose. no rush I want you to be 
pea=eful. and ship to wherever you prefer. I am happy to have ma=hew involved. I think it a good idea for you to 
withdraw the lawsui=, it is not good for either of us, 
On Sat, Apr 4, 2015 at 11:56 AM, Jean =uc Brunel 
wrote: 
Good morning, 
Before anything I want to thank you for the time i have spent in your =uilding. 
Health wise, I don't feel better since I am out of work and I don&=39;t know how I can restore my reputation in 
the future. 
If you wish, you can contact Mathieu who is my friend and should be th= best mediator. 
Mathieu has accepted on principle and might be available from the mid =f April. 
be well 
Jean luc 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Oate:04/04/2015 6:49 PM (GMT+07:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
hope you are feeling better. your lawyer=seems like a nice man. . brad edwards has now filed your suit =s 
evidence against me. talk to your lawyer and I suggest=you withdraw it. . he ,you and me , don't need it on file =o 
work out a solution 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_01635954 
EFTA02505899

return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It =s the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of thi= communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be=unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please noti=y us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> , and des=roy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachment=. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01635955 
EFTA02505900

