# EFTA02516900

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Jeffrey E."|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, October 18, 2014 5:22 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: what days, i hope to be in paris sunday On Sat, Oct 18= 2014 at 12:45 PM, Jean Luc Brunel < > wrote: I don't know if it is but it is a good place to spend time before =inter. Now it is time to get out, will get cold. I am in London next week and go to Brazil Sent from Samsung M

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, October 18, 2014 5:22 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: what days, i hope to be in paris sunday On Sat, Oct 18= 2014 at 12:45 PM, Jean Luc Brunel < > wrote: I don't know if it is but it is a good place to spend time before =inter. Now it is time to get out, will get cold. I am in London next week and go to Brazil Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:18/10/2014 5:51 PM (GMT+02:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel S

**[FULL]:** M, Jean Luc Brunel < > wrote: I don't know if it is but it is a good place to spend time before =inter. Now it is time to get out, will get cold. I am in London next week and go to Brazil Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:18/10/2014 5:51 PM (GMT+02:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: I think ukraine , is a good place to invest now please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthori

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, October 18, 2014 5:22 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
what days, i hope to be in paris sunday 
On Sat, Oct 18= 2014 at 12:45 PM, Jean Luc Brunel < 
> wrote: 
I don't know if it is but it is a good place to spend time before =inter. Now it is time to get out, will get cold. 
I am in London next week and go to Brazil 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
 Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:18/10/2014 5:51 PM (GMT+02:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
I think ukraine , is a good place to invest now 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01651990 
EFTA02516900

=C2 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to 
jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01651991 
EFTA02516901

