# EFTA02332529

**LES WEXNER REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, maxwell, financial

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Philip Levine|
|Sent|Friday, April 04, 2003 12:29 PM|
|Subject|Ref. :|

---

**[FULL]:** /FR-PARIS-HOLDING/LVMH@LVMH cc : objet : Toni, I have been asked to possibly set up an appointment between you and my friend Jeffrey Epstein. Jeffrey would like to meet with you in Paris regarding Sephora. Briefly, Jeffrey is a major financier and the financial advisor and representative for Leslie Wexner of The Limited. He will be in Paris next week and depending on your schedule he is available Tuesday-Thursday. Please let me know so I can relay info. Thanks. PL EFTA_R1_01278480 EFTA02332529

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Ghislaine Maxwell (E-mai 
From: 
Philip Levine 
Sent: 
Sat 4/5/2003 8:35:16 AM 
Subject: 
FW: Ref. : 
Antonio ("Toni") Belloni's number is 
 
Original Message 
From: Philip Levine 
Sent: Saturda , A ril 05, 2003 3:25 AM 
To: ' 
Subject: RE: Ref. : 
Toni, 
I will have him contact you directly at your offices to set a time for next week. 
Thanks. 
Philip 
Original Message 
From: 
Sent: Friday, April 04, 2003 12:29 PM 
To: Philip Levine 
Subject: Ref. : 
Philip, 
Thanks for the offer. I am glad to meet Jeffrey, but he should know we 
already have somebody else having made contact with us on behalf of the 
Limited regarding Sephora. 
Toni 
"Philip Levine" 
> le 03/04/2003 18:19:54 
Pour : Antonio BELLONI/FR-PARIS-HOLDING/LVMH@LVMH 
cc : 
objet : 
Toni, 
I have been asked to possibly set up an appointment between you and my 
friend Jeffrey Epstein. Jeffrey would like to meet with you in Paris 
regarding Sephora. Briefly, Jeffrey is a major financier and the financial 
advisor and representative for Leslie Wexner of The Limited. He will be in 
Paris next week and depending on your schedule he is available 
Tuesday-Thursday. 
Please let me know so I can relay info. 
Thanks. 
PL 
EFTA_R1_01278480 
EFTA02332529

