# EFTA02300356

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin < Sent: Sunda , Janua 25, 2015 3:46 PM To: Cc: Kimberly Feierstein Subject: RE: ok I will check. Tell me her =ull name again . > From: >=3B Subject: Re: > Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -0500 >=3B To: evadubin@hotmail.com > Thank you Eva! >=On February 23rd she has an appointment w

**[FULL]:** ubject: Re: > Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -0500 >=3B To: evadubin@hotmail.com > Thank you Eva! >=On February 23rd she has an appointment with Dr. Fasano and a pre-op appoi=tment with Dr. Kolker. On March 9th she is scheduled for the surgery with =r. Kolker. > On Jan 25, =015, at 10:12 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: > That is a long time Doesn't seem ri=ht. > Send me the appts you have now and I will help you fi=ure it out. > > » Sent from my iPhone >=36 > >» On Jan 25, 2015, at 8:58 AM, Karyn= Shuliak wrote: > »=36 >» Hi Eva, > » »=3B> Jeffrey suggested that I ask you this: does it seem no

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin < 
Sent: 
Sunda , Janua 
25, 2015 3:46 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Kimberly Feierstein 
Subject: 
RE: 
ok I will check. 
Tell me her =ull name again . 
> From: 
>=3B Subject: Re: 
> Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -0500 
>=3B To: evadubin@hotmail.com 
> Thank you Eva! 
>=On February 23rd she has an appointment with Dr. Fasano and a pre-op appoi=tment with Dr. Kolker. On March 9th 
she is scheduled for the surgery with =r. Kolker. 
> On Jan 25, =015, at 10:12 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
> That is a long time 
Doesn't seem ri=ht. 
> Send me the appts you have now and I will help you fi=ure it out. 
> > 
» Sent from my iPhone 
>=36 > 
>» On Jan 25, 2015, at 8:58 AM, Karyn= Shuliak 
wrote: 
> »=36 
>» Hi Eva, 
> » 
»=3B> Jeffrey suggested that I ask you this: does it seem normal that t=e pre-operative appointment with the plastic 
surgeon for my mother is 2 we=ks before the first surgery in order for her to get a medical clearance? J=ffrey thinks 2 
weeks seem like a long time for that or is it how it is usu=lly done? 
> >> 
> » Thank you for you= time! 
>>> 
>>> Karyna. 
EFTA_R1_01166994 
EFTA02300356

