# EFTA02481166

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Reid Hoffman|
|Sent|Saturday, November 07, 2015 5:07 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** : Sunday, November 8, 2015 9:39 AM To: Reid Hoffman Subject: Re: also i was just offerd a 650 gulfstream, la be=jing . 60m. about 10 m under market On Sun, Nov 8, 2=15 at 2:44 AM, Reid Hoffman < <mailto , > wro=e: Last day of 2 week trip to China right now, 2 meetings with Xi. Also, I know Prince Andrew (lightly) too. From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacati=n@gmail.com» Sent: Saturday, November 07, 2015 5:07 PM To: Reid Hoffman Subject: prince andrew is off to china , he spent a great dea= of time with Xi, . if you would like to meet up . let me know=br clear="all"> please

**[FULL]:** 5 at 2:44 AM, Reid Hoffman < <mailto , > wro=e: Last day of 2 week trip to China right now, 2 meetings with Xi. Also, I know Prince Andrew (lightly) too. From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacati=n@gmail.com» Sent: Saturday, November 07, 2015 5:07 PM To: Reid Hoffman Subject: prince andrew is off to china , he spent a great dea= of time with Xi, . if you would like to meet up . let me know=br clear="all"> please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, November 8, 2015 9:39 AM 
To: 
Reid Hoffman 
Subject: 
Re: 
also i was just offerd a 650 gulfstream, la be=jing . 60m. about 10 m under market 
On Sun, Nov 8, 2=15 at 2:44 AM, Reid Hoffman <
<mailto
, > wro=e: 
Last day of 2 week trip to China right now, 2 meetings with Xi. 
Also, I know Prince Andrew (lightly) too. From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacati=n@gmail.com» 
Sent: Saturday, November 07, 2015 5:07 PM 
To: Reid Hoffman 
Subject: 
prince andrew is off to china , he spent a great dea= of time with Xi, . if you would like to meet up . let me 
know=br clear="all"> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01597499 
EFTA02481166

please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01597500 
EFTA02481167

