# EFTA00024228 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 6

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: < >, BOBBI C STERNHEIM Cc: Christian Everdell < >, Subject [EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 27 Oct 2021 14:22:42 +0000 Good morning- We have checked our log books and both pieces were picked up. On the 15th and 18th, respectively. Both were then delivered to Ms. Maxwell on those days. >> > BOBBI C STERNHEIM < > 10/26/2021 9:14 PM >> > Good evening- I am still aw

### Match 2
> From: To: < >, BOBBI C STERNHEIM Cc: Christian Everdell < >, Subject [EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 27 Oct 2021 14:22:42 +0000 Good morning- We have checked our log books and both pieces were picked up. On the 15th and 18th, respectively. Both were then delivered to Ms. Maxwell on those days. >> > BOBBI C STERNHEIM < > 10/26/2021 9:14 PM >> > Good evening- I am

### Match 3
> From: To: < >, BOBBI C STERNHEIM Cc: Christian Everdell < >, Subject [EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 27 Oct 2021 14:22:42 +0000 Good morning- We have checked our log books and both pieces were picked up. On the 15th and 18th, respectively. Both were then delivered to Ms. Maxwell on those days. >> > BOBBI C STERNHEIM < > 10/26/2021 9:14 PM >> > Good evening- I am still awaiting a reply to yesterday's email regarding Ms. Maxwell's legal mail. There are items that need to be picked up by the MDC. I have provided the tracking information. Please provide a response by 10:

### Match 4
> 000 Good morning- We have checked our log books and both pieces were picked up. On the 15th and 18th, respectively. Both were then delivered to Ms. Maxwell on those days. >> > BOBBI C STERNHEIM < > 10/26/2021 9:14 PM >> > Good evening- I am still awaiting a reply to yesterday's email regarding Ms. Maxwell's legal mail. There are items that need to be picked up by the MDC. I have provided the tracking information. Please provide a response by 10:00 am tomorrow Wednesday. Thank you- Bobbi Please note my new office address and preferred email address: BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobb

### Match 5
> distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. On Oct 25, 2021, at 8:33 PM, BOBBI C STERNHEIM < > wrote: Good evening - During my in-person visit yesterday with Ms. Maxwell, the HEPA filters were not operating in the visiting room that I have been required EFTA00024228 to use, even when more than one attorney is present. The officers told me to use the larger, corner room. Previous requests to use this more ample corner room have been denied because the officers'

### Match 6
> ng that future in-person visits be conducted in the larger corner room. The previous reason for denying that request appears invalid. Also, legal mail sent to the MDC has not been picked up by the facility. See tracking information below. Please promptly provide an explanation and inform me when Ms. Maxwell will receive these deliveries. Thank you- Bobbi <Screen Shot 2021-10-25 at 7.10.13 PM.png> <Screen Shot 2021-10-25 at 7.07.56 PM.png> Please note my new office address and preferred email address: BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim Main: Cell: Fax: This message and
