# EFTA02419544

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, president, hillary

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Pritzker, Tom|
|Sent|Monday, September 20, 2010 10:14 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** see if we can catch a cup of ginger ale. tjp From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Monday, September 20, 2010 10:14 AM To: Pritzker, Tom Subject: On monday Barak will hold a series of meetings in Washington and New York with top US officials, including Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Defense Secretary Robert Gates, National Security Adviser James Jones and presidential adviser Dennis Ross. *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside 

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinijeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Pritzker, Tom 
Sent 
Wed 9/22/2010 10:40:06 AM 
Subject 
RE: 
Sorry I missed Ehud. I imagine it was fascinating. I am faced with tsunami of stuff to 
catch up. In NY with Margot (Royal Caribbean board) on Friday, if we get done early I 
will call and see if we can catch a cup of ginger ale. 
tjp 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, September 20, 2010 10:14 AM 
To: Pritzker, Tom 
Subject: 
On monday Barak will hold a series of meetings in Washington and New York with top US 
officials, including Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Defense Secretary Robert Gates, National 
Security Adviser James Jones and presidential adviser Dennis Ross. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1485222 
EFTA02419544

