# EFTA02421641

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeevacation [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com]|
|To|Boris Nikolic (bgC3)|
|Sent|Friday, September 03, 2010 6:46 AM|
|Subject|Fwd: FYI|

---

**[FULL]:** less in your office! Unfortunately Lesley is gone for a day. Pls let me know when you can talk and which number to call! Boris EFTA_R1_01488024 EFTA02421641 From: Jeevacation [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] Sent: Friday, September 03, 2010 6:46 AM To: Boris Nikolic (bgC3) Subject: Fwd: FYI Prince andrew Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: September 3, 2010 9:07:52 AM EDT To: "Jeffre E in" <' v m> Reply-To: The guy who is hosting us this weekend (bruno wu, founder of sun media, china's largest private media company) said he will host a dinner for bill gates + warren

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeeyacation[jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Fri 9/3/2010 8:59:20 PM 
Subject: RE: FYI 
Called and left a message. 
AT mtgs at bgc3 for next 3 hours. Will try to call you before. 
We will eventually talk! 
B 
From: Jeevacation [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, September 03, 2010 1:18 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic (bgC3) 
Subject: Re: FYI 
Sent from my iPlionc 
On Scp 3, 2010, at 3:49 PM, "Boris Nikolic (bgC3)" 
wrote: 
Just called and talked to some one quite useless in your office! 
Unfortunately Lesley is gone for a day. 
Pls let me know when you can talk and which number to call! 
Boris 
EFTA_R1_01488024 
EFTA02421641

From: Jeevacation [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, September 03, 2010 6:46 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic (bgC3) 
Subject: Fwd: FYI 
Prince andrew 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: September 3, 2010 9:07:52 AM EDT 
To: "Jeffre E 
in" <' v 
m> 
Reply-To: 
The guy who is hosting us this weekend (bruno wu, founder of sun 
media, china's largest private media company) said he will host a 
dinner for bill gates + warren buffet when they come to china this 
month 
EFTA_R1_0 1488025 
EFTA02421642

