# EFTA02429407

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: TITLE, ORG | XRefs: epstein, flight, foundation, president

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Robin Eissler|
|To|Eric Roth <|
|Sent||
|Subject|Haiti Trip|

---

**[TITLE]:** age: From: Robin Eissler Date: March 20, 2010 9:36:24 PM EDT To: Eric Roth < Subject: Haiti Trip Eric, Could you pass this along to your friends at Excelaire and maybe Cablevision? Thanks! This may seem a little strange, but as part of my work with CARE, we are seeking a flight on Monday for President Clinton to Haiti. The flight will originate at HPN and go directly to MTPP. Ideally it would be a ron at MDSD and then return to pick him up the next day, but it could also just be a one way. NBAA and the Clinton Foundation will be handling all the slot and ramp clearances. CARE could also fill t

**[ORG]:** strange, but as part of my work with CARE, we are seeking a flight on Monday for President Clinton to Haiti. The flight will originate at HPN and go directly to MTPP. Ideally it would be a ron at MDSD and then return to pick him up the next day, but it could also just be a one way. NBAA and the Clinton Foundation will be handling all the slot and ramp clearances. CARE could also fill the seats on the return if you do the one way and are interested in pursuing that idea. Let me know if you think there would be any interest. The trip is this Monday, the 22nd. He will be meeting Bush there as wel

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Eric Roth 
Sent 
Sun 3/21/2010 1:38:55 AM 
Subject Fwd: Haiti Trip 
I do not intend to be intrusive, but any interest? 
Eric H. Roth 
President 
International Jet Interiors 
www.intljet.COm 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Robin Eissler 
Date: March 20, 2010 9:36:24 PM EDT 
To: Eric Roth <
Subject: Haiti Trip 
Eric, 
Could you pass this along to your friends at Excelaire and maybe Cablevision? Thanks! 
This may seem a little strange, but as part of my work with CARE, we are seeking a flight 
on Monday for President Clinton to Haiti. 
The flight will originate at HPN and go directly to MTPP. Ideally it would be a ron at 
MDSD and then return to pick him up the next day, but it could also just be a one 
way. NBAA and the Clinton Foundation will be handling all the slot and ramp 
clearances. CARE could also fill the seats on the return if you do the one way and 
are interested in pursuing that idea. 
Let me know if you think there would be any interest. The trip is this Monday, the 22nd. 
He will be meeting Bush there as well. 
Thanks! 
EFTA_R1_0 1499083 
EFTA02429407

Robin Eissler 
Jet Quest, Inc. 
EFTA_R1_0 1499084 
EFTA02429408

