# EFTA02430398

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation®gmail.com|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffreyneevacation©gmail.com]; jkalin@css.eduljkalin@css.edu] From: Eva Dubin Sent Fri 2/12/2010 6:36:18 PM Subject RE: Hi Jeffrey and Jaclyn. Just spoke to Bill Lawrence. He is the head of nursing recruiting. As he told Jackie the first time she can not do any type of nursing because she is only a sophomore, however she could do volunteering. I think he told her all

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffreyneevacation©gmail.com]; jkalin@css.eduljkalin@css.edu] 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent 
Fri 2/12/2010 6:36:18 PM 
Subject 
RE: 
Hi Jeffrey and Jaclyn. 
Just spoke to Bill Lawrence. He is the head of nursing recruiting. As he told Jackie the first time she can not do 
any type of nursing because she is only a sophomore, however she could do volunteering. I think he told her all 
of this, but she should call him again Wednesday of next week (212-241-4019) and he will explain exactly what 
she has to do to get into the volunteering program. 
Again here is all of his contact information... 
William Lawrence 
Ph: 
Eva 
Date: This, 11 Feb 2010 18:14:55 -0500 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation®gmail.com 
To 
jackie kalin, sent all her info to bill lawrence that she was willing to volunteer. she hasn;t heard 
back yet. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOsmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
Hotmail: Powerful Free email with security by Microsoft. Get it now 
EFTA_R1_01500318 
EFTA02430398

