# EFTA00031730 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursda December 10 2020 12:58 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Maxwell Financial Report Appendices

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From To Cc Subject: RE: Maxwell Financial Report Appendices Date: Fri, 11 Dec 2020 14:42:13 +0000 Attachments: 2015-19 _ Tax _Retums.zip Hi It was great chatting with you earlier this morning! Attached you'll find a smaller zip folder containing just the tax returns, for each year from 2015 to 2019. You shouldn't need a pass

### Match 2
> let me know what works best for you to receive the below materials. Thanks very much, and have a great afternoon! EFTA00031730 Fro Sent: Wednesda December 9 2020 3:47 PM To Su je : axwe inancia epo ppen ices Hi I hope you're doing well! ave received the financial report appendices from Maxwell's defense team. The materials were provided in a 3GB zip folder, which unfortunately is too large to email. Depending on what works best for you and your work set-up, I believe we have a few options to get these materials to you. I can forward you the original email from Maxwell's defense team th

### Match 3
> appendices from Maxwell's defense team. The materials were provided in a 3GB zip folder, which unfortunately is too large to email. Depending on what works best for you and your work set-up, I believe we have a few options to get these materials to you. I can forward you the original email from Maxwell's defense team that contained a link to view and download the materials, I can upload the materials to USAFx for you to view, or I can have our IT department copy the materials onto a hard drive. Please let me know what you prefer, and I will get these materials to you as soon as I can. Thanks v
