# EFTA02270046

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff (mailto:|
|To|Dowling, David; Hagen, Maddie|
|Sent|Monday, January 07, 2019 5:52 PM|
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Lesley Grof From: Hagen, Mad Sent: Tue 1/8/2019 7:45:35 PM Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein Hi Lesley, Thanks for reaching out! I will ask Andrew later today about his schedule and will then get back to you. Where is Jeffrey located? i.e. where would Andrew meet him? Or, is there a possibility for Jeffrey to come to our office? We're located at 717 Fifth Ave, 18th FL. (55 btwn Fifth and Madison). Thanks, Maddie Original Message Fro

**[WORD]:** To: Lesley Grof From: Hagen, Mad Sent: Tue 1/8/2019 7:45:35 PM Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein Hi Lesley, Thanks for reaching out! I will ask Andrew later today about his schedule and will then get back to you. Where is Jeffrey located? i.e. where would Andrew meet him? Or, is there a possibility for Jeffrey to come to our office? We're located at 717 Fifth Ave, 18th FL. (55 btwn Fifth and Madison). Thanks, Maddie Original Message From: Lesley Groff (mailto: Sent: Monday, January 07, 2019 5:52 PM To: Dowling, David; Hagen, Maddie Subject: Jeff

**[WORD]:** ocated at 717 Fifth Ave, 18th FL. (55 btwn Fifth and Madison). Thanks, Maddie Original Message From: Lesley Groff (mailto: Sent: Monday, January 07, 2019 5:52 PM To: Dowling, David; Hagen, Maddie Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hi David and Maddie. Jeffrey will be in NY Wed-Fri this week. Might Andrew be in town and available to come see him? Perhaps breakfast on Thursday Jan. 10th? 8:30am? Or please feel free to suggest a day/time that would work. Thank you, Lesley Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Lesley Grof 
From: 
Hagen, Mad 
Sent: 
Tue 1/8/2019 7:45:35 PM 
Subject: 
RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Lesley, 
Thanks for reaching out! I will ask Andrew later today about his schedule and 
will then get back to you. 
Where is Jeffrey located? i.e. where would Andrew meet him? 
Or, is there a possibility for Jeffrey to come to our office? We're located at 
717 Fifth Ave, 18th FL. (55 btwn Fifth and Madison). 
Thanks, 
Maddie 
 
Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff (mailto: 
Sent: Monday, January 07, 2019 5:52 PM 
To: Dowling, David; Hagen, Maddie 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi David and Maddie. Jeffrey will be in NY Wed-Fri this week. Might Andrew be 
in town and available to come see him? Perhaps breakfast on Thursday Jan. 10th? 
8:30am? 
Or please feel free to suggest a day/time that would work. 
Thank you, 
Lesley 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or 
using this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance 
thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, 
please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group 
LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement 
to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01077461 
EFTA02270046

