# EFTA02660837

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: joi ito

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** smart On Sat, May 19, 2=18 at 8:59 PM Michael Wolff < =» wrote: ken is totally off the record , of course unless y=u get his express permission. he is the Absolutely =br> On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 2:53 PM, jeffrey E. =span><jeevac=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: <mailto bill gates. nathan mhyvold. ? On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 6:19 PM Michael Wolff All v good. M=re women. An Arab. Bannon. Brad Karp. On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 11:55 AM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wr=te: EFTA_R1_01908685 EFTA02660837 woody=allen. noam chomsky, ehudl barak fames watso=. ariane rothschild.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, May 19, 2018 7:06 PM 
To: 
Michael Wolff 
Subject: 
Re: 
great he will im sure 
On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 9:04 PM Michael Wolff < 
Ken =ould be good for JE doc too. 
On S=t, May 19, 2018 at 3:03 PM Michael Wolff < 
> wrote:<=r> 
Totally. =A0 
On Sat, May 19, 201= at 3:00 PM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
wrote: 
smartest o= the smart 
On Sat, May 19, 2=18 at 8:59 PM Michael Wolff < 
=» wrote: 
ken is totally off the record , of course unless y=u get his express permission. 
he is the 
Absolutely 
=br> 
On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 2:53 PM, jeffrey E. =span><jeevac=tion@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
<mailto 
bill gates. nathan mhyvold. ? 
On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 6:19 PM Michael Wolff 
All v good. M=re women. An Arab. Bannon. Brad Karp. 
On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 11:55 AM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wr=te: 
EFTA_R1_01908685 
EFTA02660837

woody=allen. noam chomsky, ehudl barak fames watso=. ariane rothschild. 
? masha drokova ( women ruemm;ler ). ? . leon black. tom pritzker larry summers. joi ito. terje . sultan , 
thorbj=rn . jagland. 
gromov, deepak, =AO jacques lang.martin novak mark tramo, 
please note 
confidential, may be=attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is i=tended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE<=r>Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any =art thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have rec=ived this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
re=urn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication an= all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights r=served 
please note 
The infor=ation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-=lient privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended on=y for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unautho=ized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part there=f is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this=br>communication in error, please 
notify us immediately by 
return e-mai= or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copi=s thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO please note 
2 
EFTA_R1_01908686 
EFTA02660838

The information contained in this communication is<=r>confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may 
constitute insid= information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is =he property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thiscommunication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited 
and may be un=awful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify =s immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevac=tion@gmail.com> , and 
destro= this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. =opyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to 
jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
--000000000000080449056c93c372-- conversation-id 6111 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1526756770 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 822567 
3 
EFTA_R1_01908687 
EFTA02660839

