# EFTA02606250

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Mukamal, Thomas"|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|AYH|

---

**[WORD]:** e advise on response. Thank you. =br> Ri=hard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc= 575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 Begin forwarded message: From: "Mukamal, Thomas" Date: August 25,=2018 at 3:01:04 PM EDT To: Subject: AYH <=div> What's the up=ate Rich? Id like to be able to update Andrew as to what we are doing. Thanks! Tom Tom Mukamal CEO Island Global Y=chting Ltd 717 5th Avenue, 18th Floor New Y=rk, New York 10022 =span>-- @-- @— This message, and any attachments hereto, is=confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or enti=y to whom it is addre

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn
Sent: 
Saturday, August 25, 2018 9:17 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: AYH 
Please advise on response. Thank you. =br> 
Ri=hard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc= 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Mukamal, Thomas" 
Date: August 25,=2018 at 3:01:04 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: AYH 
<=div> 
What's the up=ate Rich? Id like to be able to update Andrew as to what we are doing. 
Thanks! 
Tom 
Tom Mukamal 
CEO 
Island Global Y=chting Ltd 
717 5th Avenue, 18th Floor 
New Y=rk, New York 10022 
=span>-- @-- @—
This message, and any attachments hereto, is=confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or enti=y to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that i= confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or=non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (=ither by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended rec=pient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copyi=g, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you h=ve received this message in error, 
please contact the sender immediately an= destroy the message (induding any attachments) and any copies in their 
en=irety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this=e-mail shall be considered a legally 
EFTA_R1_01797203 
EFTA02606250

binding agreement, amendment or modifi=ation of any agreement with Island Global Yachting Ltd or any of its affili=tes, 
each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Is=and Global Yachting Ltd or such affiliate. 
= 
2 
EFTA_R1_01797204 
EFTA02606251

