# EFTA02422426

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein cfeevacation@gmall.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Sun May 16 11:16:17 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comUeeyacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 5/16/2010 3:23:17 PM Subject: Re: Lots of stuff to report. And I was going to ask you — do you still have the chopper down in the vi? I need to move some people from st thomas to st maarten on tuesday. From: Jeffrey Epstein cfeevacation@gmall.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sun

**[WORD]:** rom: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 5/16/2010 3:23:17 PM Subject: Re: Lots of stuff to report. And I was going to ask you — do you still have the chopper down in the vi? I need to move some people from st thomas to st maarten on tuesday. From: Jeffrey Epstein cfeevacation@gmall.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sun May 16 11:16:17 2010 Subject: well? *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the address

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comUeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Sun 5/16/2010 3:23:17 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Lots of stuff to report. And I was going to ask you — do you still have the chopper down in the vi? I need to move 
some people from st thomas to st maarten on tuesday. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein cfeevacation@gmall.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Sun May 16 11:16:17 2010 
Subject: 
well? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01489061 
EFTA02422426

