# EFTA02410468

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Lesley Groff|
|Sent||
|Subject|ALL GOOD THINGS PREMIERE|

---

**[WORD]:** ff Subject: ALL GOOD THINGS PREMIERE For Mr. Jeffrey Epstein Mike Nichols invites you to join the cast and filmmakers at the premiere of Magnolia Pictures' ALL GOOD THINGS starring EFTA_R1_01471298 EFTA02410468 Ryan Gosling Kirsten Dunst Frank Langella Lily Rabe Kristen Wiig directed by Andrew Jarecki Wednesday, December 1st, 2010 7:00pm-Screening SVA Theater 333 West 23rd Street (btw 8th & 9th Avenues) 9:00pm-Party Buddakan 75 9th Avenue (btw 15th & 16th Streets) RSVP to Inspired by the most notorious missing person's case in New York history, ALL GOOD THINGS is a love story

**[WORD]:** 9:00pm-Party Buddakan 75 9th Avenue (btw 15th & 16th Streets) RSVP to Inspired by the most notorious missing person's case in New York history, ALL GOOD THINGS is a love story and murder mystery set against the backdrop of a New York real estate dynasty in the 1980s. Produced and directed by Andrew Jarecki (director of the Academy Award-nominated CAPTURING THE FRIEDMANS and producer of CATFISH), the film was inspired by the story of Robert Durst, scion of the wealthy Durst family. Mr. Durst was suspected but never tried for killing his wife Kathie who disappeared in 1982 and was never fou

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffre E stein[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
on 
010 7:18:07 PM 
Subject: FW: ALL GOOD THINGS PREMIERE 
ATT213422.htm 
Title: ALL GOOD THINGS PREMIERE 
From: 
Sent: 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: ALL GOOD THINGS PREMIERE 
For Mr. Jeffrey Epstein 
Mike Nichols 
invites you to join 
the cast and filmmakers at the premiere of 
Magnolia Pictures' 
ALL GOOD THINGS 
starring 
EFTA_R1_01471298 
EFTA02410468

Ryan Gosling Kirsten Dunst Frank Langella Lily Rabe Kristen Wiig 
directed by Andrew Jarecki 
Wednesday, December 1st, 2010 
7:00pm-Screening 
SVA Theater 
333 West 23rd Street 
(btw 8th & 9th Avenues) 
9:00pm-Party 
Buddakan 
75 9th Avenue 
(btw 15th & 16th Streets) 
RSVP to 
Inspired by the most notorious missing person's case in New York history, ALL GOOD 
THINGS is a love story and murder mystery set against the backdrop of a New York real 
estate dynasty in the 1980s. Produced and directed by Andrew Jarecki (director of the 
Academy Award-nominated CAPTURING THE FRIEDMANS and producer of CATFISH), 
the film was inspired by the story of Robert Durst, scion of the wealthy Durst family. Mr. 
Durst was suspected but never tried for killing his wife Kathie who disappeared in 1982 and 
was never found. The film stars Ryan Gosling, Kirsten Dunst and Frank Langella as the 
powerful patriarch, and captures the emotion and complexity of this real-life unsolved mystery. 
Opening at the Paris and Angclika Theaters on December 3rd 
EFTA_R1_01471299 
EFTA02410469

