# EFTA02436318

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD, ORG | XRefs: foundation, mit

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** e and heart attack. Stuff like that! Since you've been out of the loop some interesting stuff has happened to me. I've been writing for the FT style section (under a fake name) and friendly with some of the fancy designer types. Good practice for me! Still working on Special Initiatives at the Gates Foundation and also reviewing the very crazy stuff that comes our way. I think you have a much better sense of the real vs. fake than Bill does. I manage several different portfolios of Special Projects whose grants/commitments total about S315M. It's crazy to think about the amount of money. Wow. 

**[WORD]:** to be) and during that time I will be Mayor of Harare (in Zimbabwe) for a week. I'm excited about that! Also still doing brain surgery and contemplating going back for more training (only because the non-invasive/high tech stuff is making me feel like a dinosaur!). I just don't want to leave my Gates job and a little worried if I take any more time to be a doe, they will fire me. Not sure what to do but ultimately, I think I have more longevity as a superfly doe than I do working at the Foundation. Steve is doing fine - we just celebrated being together 10 years. Who would've thought? He's w

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation@gmaitcom] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 9/8/2009 3:49:35 AM 
Well, I certainly have missed you. 
I know that you are a keen observer and probably took away some interesting lessons. 
I'm sorry that you had to go through all this crap - 
Are you still doing science? Some super cool stuff out there. 
I've also got some very crazy ideas of my own that we should talk about. Crazy even for me, but 
probably right. I think herpes causes a few types of heart disease and treating it prevents stroke 
and heart attack. Stuff like that! 
Since you've been out of the loop some interesting stuff has happened to me. 
I've been writing for the FT style section (under a fake name) and friendly with some of the fancy 
designer types. Good practice for me! 
Still working on Special Initiatives at the Gates Foundation and also reviewing the very crazy 
stuff that comes our way. I think you have a much better sense of the real vs. fake than Bill does. 
I manage several different portfolios of Special Projects whose grants/commitments total about 
S315M. It's crazy to think about the amount of money. Wow. 
In November I am doing my annual site vists in Africa (I try to do them all at once, Africa is a 
tough place to be) and during that time I will be Mayor of Harare (in Zimbabwe) for a week. I'm 
excited about that! 
Also still doing brain surgery and contemplating going back for more training (only because the 
non-invasive/high tech stuff is making me feel like a dinosaur!). I just don't want to leave my 
Gates job and a little worried if I take any more time to be a doe, they will fire me. Not sure what 
to do but ultimately, I think I have more longevity as a superfly doe than I do working at the 
Foundation. 
Steve is doing fine - we just celebrated being together 10 years. Who would've thought? He's way 
up there at MSFT these days and pretty much hates his job. 
I discovered hot yoga after all these years. Love it! 
Well, I think that's about it for the past few months that you have been away. 
I really have missed you a lot. 
Hope that you are starting to feel back to normal and if there is anything I can do for you please 
EFTA_R1_01508781 
EFTA02436318

let me know? 
Love,. 
EFTA_R1_01508782 
EFTA02436319

