# EFTA00025041 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 2

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Jeff Jocks <jjocksPsondeeracine.com>
- **To:** Jeff Jocks <jjocks(thsondeeracine.com>
- **Sent:** Monday, October 25, 2021 1:07 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> EFTA00025053 From: " Date: Thursday, February 6, 2020 at 1:51 PM To: Jeff Jocks <ijocks(asondeeracine.com> Cc:' Subject: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts Jeff, As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell. Per our conversation, we understand that Interlochen will keep this request confidential. Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. Best, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York l St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 212-637-2324

### Match 2
> EFTA00025053 From: " Date: Thursday, February 6, 2020 at 1:51 PM To: Jeff Jocks <ijocks(asondeeracine.com> Cc:' Subject: Subpoena to Interlochen Center for the Arts Jeff, As discussed, attached please find a subpoena addressed to Interlochen seeking information regarding Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell. Per our conversation, we understand that Interlochen will keep this request confidential. Please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further. Best, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York l St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 212-
