# EFTA02524194

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, president, hillary

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** Our Fe=ale Economist and BBB Gala is now a huge event and we had like 6 big newspaper=20 articles and a full house of important people....all really thanks to you!!=ext year we'll have a big 10 year anniversary and I hope you can come! I se= the date for June 7th, 2010. As you know I had invited Hillary Clinton to come =s inspirational speaker but she got busy since I asked her, perhaps we get he= to come next year, the school could always give her my honorary doctor's=20 degree..that way she will come! Anyway, did you get the big photo yet with =any of the girls on the staircase? The little b

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
thanks 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Tuesday, June 16, 2009 5:25 PM 
Re: Check out Diana DeGette - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 
On Tue, Jun 16, 2009 at 1:13 PM, =span dir="ltr"> 
mailto 
wrote: 
Click here: Diana DeGette - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diana_DeGette> 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Good to be back in the U.S. again after over a month in Sweden! Our Fe=ale Economist and BBB Gala is now a 
huge event and we had like 6 big newspaper=20 articles and a full house of important people....all really thanks to 
you!!=ext year we'll have a big 10 year anniversary and I hope you can come! I se= the date for June 7th, 2010. As you 
know I had invited Hillary Clinton to come =s inspirational speaker but she got busy since I asked her, perhaps we get 
he= to come next year, the school could always give her my honorary doctor's=20 degree..that way she will come! 
Anyway, did you get the big photo yet with =any of the girls on the staircase? The little blond girl in the pink dress=20 
behind me there, Josefin, also sings like an angel, she performed at our=20 Gala as well and will also perform at the 
formal 100 year anniversary for t=e king and queen Sept 11, she is very pretty I think...! Marcus thought so t=o and I 
notice you seem to have similar taste../ where I am supposed to walk=20 around with my new fine medal! // I am 
sending you some info on this congress woman who seems cool, I like the title of her book / Sex Scie=ce and 
Stemcells 
because of U.S. Ethics Committee, we invited her via =SE and Barbro's Fund, the president Lars Bergman 
signed the letter, but it=is really Karolinska Institutet who will benefit in addition to our summit. / =hat happens with you 
/ are you always out???Wow, almost a full year now..?!! Ho= do you feel now? 
Will be in touch soon again! 
kram, be 
An Excellent Credit Score is 750. See Yours in Just 2 Easy Steps! 
<http://pr.atwola.com/promoc=k/10012657Sx1221823265x1201398681/aol?redir=http://www.freecreditreport. =om/p 
m/default.aspx?sc=668072%26hmpgID=62%26bcd=JuneExcfooterNO62> 
EFTA_R1_01663217 
EFTA02524194

