# EFTA02239188

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Douglas, Lisa"|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: (EXT|

---

**[FULL]:** uglas MSN, RN-BC Senior Nurse Manager On Mari 2018 at 3:05 PM mailto: > wrote: March 5,2018 Ms. Lisa Douglas Eleven West at The Mount Sinai Hospital One Gustave L. Levy Place EFTA_R1_01007708 EFTA02239188 New York, NY, 10029 Dear Ms. Douglas, I enclose my resume at the suggestion of Dr. Eva Dubin. I would very much appreciate the opportunity to work at the I I West position that Dr. Dubin said might be available. I feel my background and skills are perfect for this position. I am available at your convenience to come for a personal interview. I look forward to hearing from you and thank

**[WORD]:** s. Lisa Douglas Eleven West at The Mount Sinai Hospital One Gustave L. Levy Place EFTA_R1_01007708 EFTA02239188 New York, NY, 10029 Dear Ms. Douglas, I enclose my resume at the suggestion of Dr. Eva Dubin. I would very much appreciate the opportunity to work at the I I West position that Dr. Dubin said might be available. I feel my background and skills are perfect for this position. I am available at your convenience to come for a personal interview. I look forward to hearing from you and thank you in advance for your consideration. Sinc * Pdt EFTA_R1_01007709 EFTA02239189

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 3/6/2018 9:28:05 PM 
Subject Fwd: (EXTERNAL] Position on 11 west as an administrator/assistant to the manager 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Douglas, Lisa" 
Date: March 4.2018 at 5:00:18 PM EST 
To: 
Subject: Re: (EXT 
osi ion on 
west as an administrator/assistant to the 
manager 
Hi 
and thanks for reaching out. I will forward to recruitment and they'll be in 
touch 
Thanks 
Best Regards, 
Lisa Douglas MSN, RN-BC 
Senior Nurse Manager 
On Mari 2018 at 3:05 PM 
mailto: 
> wrote: 
March 5,2018 
Ms. Lisa Douglas 
Eleven West at The Mount Sinai Hospital One Gustave L. Levy Place 
EFTA_R1_01007708 
EFTA02239188

New York, NY, 10029 
Dear Ms. Douglas, 
I enclose my resume at the suggestion of Dr. Eva Dubin. I would very much appreciate 
the opportunity to work at the I I West position that Dr. Dubin said might be 
available. I feel my background and skills are perfect for this position. I am 
available at your convenience to come for a personal interview. 
I look forward to hearing from you and thank you in advance for your consideration. 
Sinc 
*
Pdt 
EFTA_R1_01007709 
EFTA02239189

