# EFTA02511759

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=»|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject|<no subject>|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, February 2, 2015 8:39 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: it is my issue, i should compensate you. =C2 should i buy a place in israel for you. ? i feel terrible =AO ill be in paris the 15th On Mon, Feb 2, 2015 at 3:01 PM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: In Israel...cannot work From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Monday, Feb

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, February 2, 2015 8:39 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: it is my issue, i should compensate you. =C2 should i buy a place in israel for you. ? i feel terrible =AO ill be in paris the 15th On Mon, Feb 2, 2015 at 3:01 PM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: In Israel...cannot work From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Monday, February 2, 2015 at 8=33 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: <no subject> how are you? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,

**[FULL]:** e, i should compensate you. =C2 should i buy a place in israel for you. ? i feel terrible =AO ill be in paris the 15th On Mon, Feb 2, 2015 at 3:01 PM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: In Israel...cannot work From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Monday, February 2, 2015 at 8=33 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: <no subject> how are you? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, February 2, 2015 8:39 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
it is my issue, i should compensate you. =C2 should i buy a place in israel for you. ? i feel terrible =AO ill be in paris the 
15th 
On Mon, Feb 2, 2015 at 3:01 PM, Jean Luc Brunel 
wrote: 
In Israel...cannot work 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» 
Date: Monday, February 2, 2015 at 8=33 PM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: <no subject> 
how are you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01644271 
EFTA02511759

please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01644272 
EFTA02511760

