# EFTA00029985 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** Weinstein, Marc A. <
- **Sent:** Monday, November 9, 2020 10:23 AM
- **Subject:** RE: Epstein Estate update

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From:" y'< To: "Weinstein, Mare A." < Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: Epstein Estate update Date: Mon, 09 Nov 2020 15:27:24 +0000 )" Yes, that works, thanks. From: Weinstein, Marc A. Sent: Monday, November 9, 2020 10:24 AM To: Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: Epstein Estate update Thanks. Would 4:30 work? MarcA.Weinstein I Partner Cha

### Match 2
> From:" y'< To: "Weinstein, Mare A." < Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: Epstein Estate update Date: Mon, 09 Nov 2020 15:27:24 +0000 )" Yes, that works, thanks. From: Weinstein, Marc A. Sent: Monday, November 9, 2020 10:24 AM To: Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: Epstein Estate update Thanks. Would 4:30 work? MarcA.Weinstein I Partner Chair, White Collar Defense Hughes Hubbard & Reed LIP This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named. If you are not the named addressee you should not d

### Match 3
> The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version. From: Sent: Monday, November 9, 2020 10:23 AM To: Weinstein, Marc A. < Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: Epstein Estate update CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm. Hi Marc, We are available for a call this afternoon — what works best for you? Thanks, From: Weinstein, Marc A. Sent: Monday, November 9, 2020 9:50 AM To: Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: Ep

### Match 4
> tein, Marc A. < Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: Epstein Estate update CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm. Hi Marc, We are available for a call this afternoon — what works best for you? Thanks, From: Weinstein, Marc A. Sent: Monday, November 9, 2020 9:50 AM To: Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: Epstein Estate update and Would you have time for a call this afternoon to give you an update on a new development? Thanks, Marc ) MarcA.Weinstein I Partner EFTA00029985 Chair, White Collar Defense Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP This message contains confidential information
