# EFTA00019115 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 9

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, November 5, 2020 10:58 AM
- **Subject:** Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509)

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: RE: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) Date: Thu, 05 Nov 2020 17:31:15 +0000 lust tried you but got no answer. I'm at my desk when you have a minut Thanks, Sent: urs ay, ovem er , 012:28 PM To: Subject: Re: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) yes, lam at Brooklyn today. Available until 2:30. >>>'1 " < Hi Nicole, D

### Match 2
> From: To: Subject: RE: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) Date: Thu, 05 Nov 2020 17:31:15 +0000 lust tried you but got no answer. I'm at my desk when you have a minut Thanks, Sent: urs ay, ovem er , 012:28 PM To: Subject: Re: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) yes, lam at Brooklyn today. Available until 2:30. >>>'1 " < Hi Nicole, Do you have time today or tomorrow for a call to discuss? Thanks, > 11/5/2020 12:27 PM >>> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com> Sent: Thursday, November 5, 2020 10:58 AM To: Cc: BRO/Exec Assistant

### Match 3
> 2:30. >>>'1 " < Hi Nicole, Do you have time today or tomorrow for a call to discuss? Thanks, > 11/5/2020 12:27 PM >>> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com> Sent: Thursday, November 5, 2020 10:58 AM To: Cc: BRO/Exec Assistant- <BRO/ExecAssistanr@bop.gov> Nicole McFarland Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) Good morning- As a result of my email to you on Sunday and your intervention with the MDC, Ms. Maxwell is permitted use of a mug for water and possession of commissary snacks in her isolation cell. However, the information provided to you regarding moisture and temperature conflicts

### Match 4
> From: To: Subject: RE: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) Date: Thu, 05 Nov 2020 17:31:15 +0000 lust tried you but got no answer. I'm at my desk when you have a minut Thanks, Sent: urs ay, ovem er , 012:28 PM To: Subject: Re: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) yes, lam at Brooklyn today. Available until 2:30. >>>'1 " < Hi Ni

### Match 5
> From: To: Subject: RE: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) Date: Thu, 05 Nov 2020 17:31:15 +0000 lust tried you but got no answer. I'm at my desk when you have a minut Thanks, Sent: urs ay, ovem er , 012:28 PM To: Subject: Re: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) yes, lam at Brooklyn today. Available until 2:30. >>>'1 " < Hi Nicole, Do you have time today or tomorrow for a call to discuss? Thanks, > 11/5/2020 12:27 PM >>> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com> Sent: Thursday, November 5, 2020 10:58 AM To: Cc: BRO/Exec A

### Match 6
> 2:30. >>>'1 " < Hi Nicole, Do you have time today or tomorrow for a call to discuss? Thanks, > 11/5/2020 12:27 PM >>> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com> Sent: Thursday, November 5, 2020 10:58 AM To: Cc: BRO/Exec Assistant- <BRO/ExecAssistanr@bop.gov> Nicole McFarland Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) Good morning- As a result of my email to you on Sunday and your intervention with the MDC, Ms. Maxwell is permitted use of a mug for water and possession of commissary snacks in her isolation cell. However, the information provided to you regarding moisture and temperature co

### Match 7
> >> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com> Sent: Thursday, November 5, 2020 10:58 AM To: Cc: BRO/Exec Assistant- <BRO/ExecAssistanr@bop.gov> Nicole McFarland Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) Good morning- As a result of my email to you on Sunday and your intervention with the MDC, Ms. Maxwell is permitted use of a mug for water and possession of commissary snacks in her isolation cell. However, the information provided to you regarding moisture and temperature conflicts with our information. I am told that moisture in her cell has degraded envelopes and paperwork and the temperature

### Match 8
> commissary snacks in her isolation cell. However, the information provided to you regarding moisture and temperature conflicts with our information. I am told that moisture in her cell has degraded envelopes and paperwork and the temperature check was conducted outside her cell. I request that Ms. Maxwell be moved to an interior cell. This relocation would eliminate exposure to moisture and cold air seeping through exterior concrete walls. Further, it would assist in safeguarding Ms. Maxwell from impending cold temperatures and the detrimental effect of wind, rain and snow. Your continued assista

### Match 9
> degraded envelopes and paperwork and the temperature check was conducted outside her cell. I request that Ms. Maxwell be moved to an interior cell. This relocation would eliminate exposure to moisture and cold air seeping through exterior concrete walls. Further, it would assist in safeguarding Ms. Maxwell from impending cold temperatures and the detrimental effect of wind, rain and snow. Your continued assistance is needed and greatly appreciated. Thank you- Bobbi BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor New York, NY 10011 EFTA00019115 Main:
