# EFTA02511330

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: atur ay,February , 1 : To: jeffrey epstein; Andrew Auerbach Subject: New talent : American Financial wunderlast Hello Jeffrey, Hi Andrew, I travelled to Davos WEF this year to find out the procedure of becoming a Young Global Shaper, the status in the frames of the WEF. I was fortunate to meet a young American finance talent. Andrew, 26 yea

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: atur ay,February , 1 : To: jeffrey epstein; Andrew Auerbach Subject: New talent : American Financial wunderlast Hello Jeffrey, Hi Andrew, I travelled to Davos WEF this year to find out the procedure of becoming a Young Global Shaper, the status in the frames of the WEF. I was fortunate to meet a young American finance talent. Andrew, 26 years old, is now based in London, in Washington next 3 days. He created his first hedge fund

**[WORD]:** pstein; Andrew Auerbach Subject: New talent : American Financial wunderlast Hello Jeffrey, Hi Andrew, I travelled to Davos WEF this year to find out the procedure of becoming a Young Global Shaper, the status in the frames of the WEF. I was fortunate to meet a young American finance talent. Andrew, 26 years old, is now based in London, in Washington next 3 days. He created his first hedge fund as a teenager, then sold it and then continued in finance, technologies industries, created companies. He studied at Harvard where Jeffrey teaches/taught Maths. Very brilliant young man. Some info

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
atur ay,February , 
1 : 
To: 
jeffrey epstein; Andrew Auerbach 
Subject: 
New talent : American Financial wunderlast 
Hello Jeffrey, 
Hi Andrew, 
I travelled to Davos WEF this year to find out the procedure of becoming a Young Global Shaper, the status in the frames 
of the WEF. 
I was fortunate to meet a young American finance talent. 
Andrew, 26 years old, is now based in London, in Washington next 3 days. He created his first hedge fund as a teenager, 
then sold it and then continued in finance, technologies industries, created companies. He studied at Harvard where 
Jeffrey teaches/taught Maths. 
Very brilliant young man. 
Some info on Andrew : 
http://www.andrewauerbach.com/ 
https://ideoba.com/team/andrew-auerbach/ 
http://www.walesonline.co.uk/news/wales-news/multimillionaire-brought-new-business-venture-8597081 
Jeffrey is a good friend from 2011 who went with me through the laborious American Law Schools application process. 
He is a philanthropist, financier and invests in young talents And their companies. 
Hopefully, both of you could be interested to meet soon and see what are the mutual opportunities. 
Kind retards 
1 
EFTA_R1_01643372 
EFTA02511330

