# EFTA02350713

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** effrey E. Subject: Re: Are you ok? Ok COO Caroline Lang Le 11 janv. 2015 a 19:34, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com cmailto:jeevacation@gmailcom» a ecrit : Fine , bad press only thnks On Sunday, January 11, 2015, Lang, Caroline wrote: Hi Jeffrey, Are you alright? There is a bad article on Prince Andrew in Paris Match magazine of this week which I guess you are aware. Give me some news Caroline please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lang, Caroline 
Sent: 
Sunday, January 11, 2015 6:36 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: Are you ok? 
Ok COO 
Caroline Lang 
Le 11 janv. 2015 a 19:34, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com cmailto:jeevacation@gmailcom» a ecrit : 
Fine , bad press only thnks 
On Sunday, January 11, 2015, Lang, Caroline 
wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Are you alright? There is a bad article on Prince Andrew in Paris Match magazine of this week which I 
guess you are aware. 
Give me some news 
Caroline 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
EFTA_R1_01328422 
EFTA02350713

destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01328423 
EFTA02350714

