# EFTA00016165 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Crai Hunter
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Thanks! Re: Ghislaine Maxwell's arrest

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: Crai Hunter To: Subject: Thanks! Re: Ghislaine Maxwell's arrest Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 19:21:47 +0000 Dear Ms. Strauss, I applaud your arrest of Ghislaine Maxwell. She no doubt has powerful friends, but if certain people don't have to obey the law or face its consequences because of money, power or connections. I fear we are lost. Allowing certa

### Match 2
> From: Crai Hunter To: Subject: Thanks! Re: Ghislaine Maxwell's arrest Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 19:21:47 +0000 Dear Ms. Strauss, I applaud your arrest of Ghislaine Maxwell. She no doubt has powerful friends, but if certain people don't have to obey the law or face its consequences because of money, power or connections. I fear we are lost. Allowing certain people to not face the law's consequences is but a short step from targeting certain people or groups for l

### Match 3
> From: Crai Hunter To: Subject: Thanks! Re: Ghislaine Maxwell's arrest Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 19:21:47 +0000 Dear Ms. Strauss, I applaud your arrest of Ghislaine Maxwell. She no doubt has powerful friends, but if certain people don't have to obey the law or face its consequences because of money, power or connections. I fear we are lost. Allowi

### Match 4
> From: Crai Hunter To: Subject: Thanks! Re: Ghislaine Maxwell's arrest Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 19:21:47 +0000 Dear Ms. Strauss, I applaud your arrest of Ghislaine Maxwell. She no doubt has powerful friends, but if certain people don't have to obey the law or face its consequences because of money, power or connections. I fear we are lost. Allowing certain people to not face the law's consequences is but a short step from targeting certain people or grou
