# EFTA02513832

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, January 11, 2015 10:02 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel sorry sorry I expect this natural disaster of a medi= shit storm will last the month. like a hurricane or tsunami, little can be done=to effect it. if you stand up now, it is not without risks, =the press only wants to complete its version of a salacious story, not hear the truth, so any denials

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, January 11, 2015 10:02 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
sorry sorry I expect this natural disaster of a medi= shit storm will last the month. like a hurricane or tsunami, little can 
be done=to effect it. if you stand up now, it is not without risks, =the press only wants to complete its version of a 
salacious story, not hear the truth, so any denials will be met with a stronger wind of allegations =20. Unforrtunatley I 
think after its over this time , and it will=be,= again, we will need to assess damage and begin a strategy to rectify,=20 
modify, but it will not be the same. you are physic=lly fine, as am I . I however recogninze that that is little comfort at 
the mome=t. If you need anything let me know. 
<=r> 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error =please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a11c3fabedOdd3a050c5d7b6f-- conversation-id 128404 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1420970532 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 472140 
1 
EFTA_R1_01647141 
EFTA02513832

