# EFTA02546928

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL, ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation, melinda

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>Gabr=elle Fitzgerald|
|To|Boris Nikolic|
|Sent|Monda , December 05, 2011 2:55 PM<=pan style=lont-size:12.0pt;font-family:"Times New Roman","serif"'>|
|Subject|lunch?|

---

**[FULL]:** effrey Epstein, and I recently me= w him related to our "private donor engagement" work. Let m= know if you have time for lunch or coffee just before or after the holida=s — thanks! =p class=MsoNormal>Gabrielle &nbs=; Gabrielle Fitzgerald Deputy Director, Global Health=Policy & Advocacy Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation EFTA_R1_01701074 EFTA02546928 2 EFTA_R1_01701075 EFTA02546929

**[ORG]:** pstein, and I recently me= w him related to our "private donor engagement" work. Let m= know if you have time for lunch or coffee just before or after the holida=s — thanks! =p class=MsoNormal>Gabrielle &nbs=; Gabrielle Fitzgerald Deputy Director, Global Health=Policy & Advocacy Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation EFTA_R1_01701074 EFTA02546928 2 EFTA_R1_01701075 EFTA02546929

**[ORG]:** rk w Jeffrey Epstein, and I recently me= w him related to our "private donor engagement" work. Let m= know if you have time for lunch or coffee just before or after the holida=s — thanks! =p class=MsoNormal>Gabrielle &nbs=; Gabrielle Fitzgerald Deputy Director, Global Health=Policy & Advocacy Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation EFTA_R1_01701074 EFTA02546928 2 EFTA_R1_01701075 EFTA02546929

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Boris Nikolic < 
Sent: 
Tuesday, December 6, 2011 1:10 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com) 
Subject: 
FW: lunch? 
She is doing a due diligence on your ass ;)=/p> 
This is beyond w=at she should do. It seems that she really likes you ;)</=pan> 
From: 
Sent: Monday, December 05, 2=11 6:16 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: FW: lunch?<=o:p> 
=p class=MsoNormal>Fyi 
From: =/b>Gabr=elle Fitzgerald 
Sent: Monda , December 05, 2011 2:55 PM<=pan style=lont-size:12.0pt;font-family:"Times New Roman","serif"'> 
<=span> 
Subject: lunch? 
<=iv> 
Hi 
— It was coincidental timing that=Rob connected us via email over the weekend, as I was thinking I wanted 
to=connect with you to see if you wanted to have lunch some time. Boris=mentioned to me that you used to work w 
Jeffrey Epstein, and I recently me= w him related to our "private donor engagement" work. 
Let m= know if you have time for lunch or coffee just before or after the holida=s — thanks! 
=p class=MsoNormal>Gabrielle 
&nbs=; 
Gabrielle Fitzgerald 
Deputy Director, Global Health=Policy & Advocacy Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 
EFTA_R1_01701074 
EFTA02546928

2 
EFTA_R1_01701075 
EFTA02546929

