# EFTA02567071

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: foundation

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** evacation@g=ail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: must keep on On Sun, Nov 12, 2017 at 5:46 PM, <mailta > wrote: Don't think it matters On Nov 12, 2017, at 2:09 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevaca=ion@gmail.com> wrote: Cr> are you not going =o put on world bank or gates foundation? On Sun, Nov 12, 2017 at 3:37 PM, <mailto > wrote: mostly work done by others from my and mccully Hs ideas if it works way more than stroke EFTA_R1_01733023 EFTA02567071 ple=se note The information contained in this communication is conf=dential, may be attorney-client privileged, may co

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sunday, November 12, 2017 10:55 PM 
Re: confidential please, as always 
if you want to raise money from others. a complete b=o is required , 
On Sun, Nov 12, 2017 at 5:54 PM, 
wrote: 
Why? 
This slide deck is for bill 
=br> 
You have told me none of those things matter and in fact hur= credibility 
On Nov 12, 2017, at 2:53 PM, jeffrey E. &=t;jeevacation@g=ail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
must keep on 
On Sun, Nov 12, 2017 at 5:46 PM, 
<mailta 
> wrote: 
Don't think it matters 
On Nov 12, 2017, at 2:09 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevaca=ion@gmail.com> wrote: 
Cr> 
are you not going =o put on world bank or gates foundation? 
On Sun, Nov 12, 2017 at 3:37 PM, 
<mailto
 > wrote: 
mostly work done by others from my and mccully Hs ideas 
if it works way more than stroke 
EFTA_R1_01733023 
EFTA02567071

ple=se note 
The information contained in this communication is 
conf=dential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside infor=ation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the pro=erty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
commu=ication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful.=lf you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us imme=iately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> , 
and 
destroy this =ommunication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrig=t -all rights reserved 
=lease note 
The information contained in this communication is 
c=nfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside in=ormation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the =roperty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
co=munication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawf=l. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us i=mediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacatio=@gmail.com> , and 
destroy th=s communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copy=ight -all rights reserved 
please note 
Th= information contained in this communication is confidential, may be at=orney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is inte=ded only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE =nauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any par= thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
receiv=d this communication in error, please notify us immediately by retur= e-mail or by e-mail to conversation-id 
24133 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1510527288 flags 8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 767823 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01733024 
EFTA02567072

