# EFTA02588817

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: mit

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, September 9, 2014 10:59 AM To: Bill Gates Subject: estate plan 1 your will should be a pour over. the public =hould only have access to a document that says all i own goes to the=" XYZ trust. ". All details are containe= in that trust, including the inclusion of other trusts. etc. 2. the=more living trusts for you the better so that p

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, September 9, 2014 10:59 AM 
To: 
Bill Gates 
Subject: 
estate plan 
1 your will should be a pour over. the public =hould only have access to a document that says all i own goes to the=" 
XYZ trust. ". All details are containe= in that trust, including the inclusion of other trusts. etc. 2. the=more living trusts 
for you the better so that probate ( public ). wo=ld be faster. and simpler. 3. pay trustees very very well, do not us= 
standard fees. committees , majoirty super votes etc can all =e a part of structure. 4. you need to strike a balance 
between directions=C2 and wishes. direction being legally determinative, wishes be=ng a safety valve. S. sole 
discretion clauses. ( great protection). =ifferent jurisdictions. trust protectors.( in addition to trustees.) . =AO keeping the 
corpus out of marital property. but providing substan=ial carrot and sticks for peace.,, just a sample 
p=ease note 
The information contained in this communication is co=fidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside inf=rmation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the p=operty of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this com=unication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawfu=. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us im=ediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation=gmail.com> , and destroy thi= communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyr=ght -all rights reserved 
--001a11c3348c3ec26d05029fd2fc-- conversation-id 301252 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1410260333 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 437769 
1 
EFTA_R1_01769872 
EFTA02588817

