# EFTA02408958

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** vacation@gmaitcorn] From: Sent Thur 7/29/2010 12:08:14 PM Subject PRIVATE Hello Jeffrey, We are posting a followup piece today at 10am, and we want to give you, or an attorney speaking for you, a chance to comment on four statements in that post: I) The FBI continues to investigate you and Jean Luc Brunel for possible child trafficking. 2) Two new young women filed civil charges against you in the Southern District Court. 3) In lieu of a mandatory "impartial" psychological evaluation prior to sentencing, you submitted a report from your personal psychologist, Dr. Stephen Alexander of Palm Beac

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
' evacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmaitcorn] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 7/29/2010 12:08:14 PM 
Subject 
PRIVATE 
Hello Jeffrey, 
We are posting a followup piece today at 10am, and we want to give you, or an 
attorney speaking for you, a chance to comment on four statements in that post: 
I) The FBI continues to investigate you and Jean Luc Brunel for possible 
child trafficking. 
2) Two new young women filed civil charges against you in the Southern 
District Court. 
3) In lieu of a mandatory "impartial" psychological evaluation prior to 
sentencing, you submitted a report from your personal psychologist, 
Dr. Stephen Alexander of Palm Beach, Florida. 
4)You did not undergo any psychological treatment during or after 
incarceration, which is also mandated for sex offenders 
Our deadline is 10 a.m., so I hope that you can get back to 
me quickly. 
The message and any attachment may be confidential or privileged and is 
intended only for the individual or entity identified above as the 
addressee. If you are not the addressee, or if this message has been 
addressed to you in error, you are not authorized to read, copy or 
distribute this message or any attachments and we ask that you please delete 
this message and any attachments and notify the sender by return email. 
Delivery of this message and any attachments to any person (s) is not 
intended in any way to waive confidentially or a privilege. 
EFTA_R1_01488900 
EFTA02408958

