# EFTA02563837

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Thursday, December 13, 2012 2:42 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: On the floor? Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Thu, 13 Dec 2012 02:32:32 To: Subject: Re: Row 16 =0A=n Wednesday, December 12, 201

**[FULL]:** ent: Thursday, December 13, 2012 2:42 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: On the floor? Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Thu, 13 Dec 2012 02:32:32 To: Subject: Re: Row 16 =0A=n Wednesday, December 12, 2012, Eva Dubin wrote: =re you here at the cocert? =ent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry =0A=0A=0A=- =he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Thursday, December 13, 2012 2:42 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
On the floor? 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 13 Dec 2012 02:32:32 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Row 16 
=0A=n Wednesday, December 12, 2012, Eva Dubin wrote: 
=re you here at the cocert? 
=ent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
=0A=0A=0A=-
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =nd may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>239984</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1355366562</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>2635934string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01727231 
EFTA02563837

