# EFTA00009823 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 6

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Critical Mention <alertPcriticalmention.com>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, March 11, 2020 6:02 PM
- **Subject:** FW:

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' To: ' Cc: " Subject: RE: : Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call" Date: Wed, 11 Mar 2020 23:04:47 +0000 This had Prince Andrew, Prince Harry and Megan Markel in the same story. From: Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 7:03 PM To: Cc: Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call" Nothing that I reca

### Match 2
> From: ' To: ' Cc: " Subject: RE: : Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call" Date: Wed, 11 Mar 2020 23:04:47 +0000 This had Prince Andrew, Prince Harry and Megan Markel in the same story. From: Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 7:03 PM To: Cc: Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call" Nothing that I recall even comes close. For context, a really important WSJ or Times articles average about S250-500k. Sent from my iPho

### Match 3
> hing that I recall even comes close. For context, a really important WSJ or Times articles average about S250-500k. Sent from my iPhone On Mar 11, 2020, at 6:48 PM, > wrote: Has any other article come close to that? An estimated 231,333,672 readers. Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with From: Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 6:25 PM To: Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call" Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with This article is estimated to have over $4M in publicity value. Insane. From: Critical Mention <al

### Match 4
> any other article come close to that? An estimated 231,333,672 readers. Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with From: Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 6:25 PM To: Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call" Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with This article is estimated to have over $4M in publicity value. Insane. From: Critical Mention <alertPcriticalmention.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 6:02 PM To: Subject: Epstein in Prank Phone Call" : Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendshi

### Match 5
> Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with This article is estimated to have over $4M in publicity value. Insane. From: Critical Mention <alertPcriticalmention.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 6:02 PM To: Subject: Epstein in Prank Phone Call" : Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey EFTA00009823 ,,Critical Mention You're always on it with Critical Mention. new mention Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call Source Yahoo Lifestyle Market United States + Add to Report View More Mentions Crit

### Match 6
> ntion.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2020 6:02 PM To: Subject: Epstein in Prank Phone Call" : Yahoo Lifestyle - "Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey EFTA00009823 ,,Critical Mention You're always on it with Critical Mention. new mention Prince Harry Comments on Prince Andrew's Friendship with Jeffrey Epstein in Prank Phone Call Source Yahoo Lifestyle Market United States + Add to Report View More Mentions Critical Mention allows users to search global TV. Radio. Online News & Social from the United States. Canada. and Europe. watch video. edit and share coverage.
