# EFTA02214600

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel)|
|Sent|Mon ay, June|
|Subject|Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin|

---

**[FULL]:** n 6/5/20 • • M Subject: RE: OSLO Hi No update yet. Let me check in and hope to have an answer for you by later today. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency From: Sent: Mon ay, June , 1 1 :59 PM To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin Hello Liz. Any luck with 4 tickets for EFTA_R1_00941112 EFTA02214600 On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:51 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) wrote: Great. Thank you. I'll be back to you ASAP. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane From: Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 4:51 PM To: George Lane A

**[FULL]:** st Street NY, NY 10021 # on back of card is 196 Let me know what works! thank you= On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) <george.laneasst@caa.com> wrote: Dear Lesley, Bart Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway. I am happy to arrange house seats for Eva Dubin. House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance date. The full show schedule is viewable at this link: htto://wwwictora/shows/oslo-broadway/schedule/ EFTA_R1_00941115 EFTA02214603 Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to submit your request. Date and

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
r 
iz r 
Sent: 
Mon 6/5/20 
• 
• 
M 
Subject: RE: OSLO 
Hi 
No update yet. Let me check in and hope to have an answer for you by later today. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
From: 
Sent: Mon ay, June 
, 
1 1 :59 PM 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
Hello Liz. Any luck with 4 tickets for 
EFTA_R1_00941112 
EFTA02214600

On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:51 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
wrote: 
Great. Thank you. I'll be back to you ASAP. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
From: 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 4:51 PM 
To: George Lane Asst Liz Grobel 
Subject: Re: OSLO 
she would like an evening performance on only one of the days I have given you...so 
which ever date you still hold 4 very good house seats, we will take that evening 
performance...(this being said, July 2nd is out considering it is only a matinee) 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:48 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00941113 
EFTA02214601

On June 21m, are you requesting the matinee or evening performance? 
Please note that July 1m there is a matinee and evening performance and 
July 2rm is only a matinee. Let me know if you have a preference. Thanks. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
From: 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 12:51 PM 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
Subject: Re: OSLO 
Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. 
We would like 4 tickets for the best scats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the 
following nights you think have the best scats for an evening show: 
EFTA_R1_00941114 
EFTA02214602

June 20,21,23,25,29 
July 1,2 
Name should be foiM 
at Will Call 
Credit CARD: 
Amex 
376765840014009 
Jeffrey Epstein 
6/21 
9049 
9 East 71st Street 
NY, NY 10021 
# on back of card is 196 
Let me know what works! thank you= 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz 
Grobel) <george.laneasst@caa.com> wrote: 
Dear Lesley, 
Bart Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on 
Broadway. I am happy to arrange house seats for Eva Dubin. 
House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance date. The full 
show schedule is viewable at this 
link: htto://wwwictora/shows/oslo-broadway/schedule/ 
EFTA_R1_00941115 
EFTA02214603

Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to submit your 
request. 
Date and Time of performance: 
# of tickets: 
Name at will-call: 
Name as it appears on credit card: 
Credit card #: 
Expiration date: 
Security code: 
Full Billing Address: 
Please note that there are no refunds or exchanges on house seats. Please let me 
know if you have any questions, thanks! 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is 
not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for 
delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any use dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying 
of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not 
the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the 
message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use 
EFTA_R1_00941116 
EFTA02214604

dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the 
employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any use dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly 
prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or 
the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any use dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is 
strictly prohibited. 
EFTA_R1_00941117 
EFTA02214605

