# EFTA02521476

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Peggy Siegal Sent: Wednesday, February 27, 2013 11:36 AM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Ann Hathaway/Bill Gates #1. I have to find out if she is in New York or LA after NYC offices open. #2. Why am I asking her to come at 10:30pm with her husband to your home to meet Bill Gates? She is now interested in the plight of girls imprisoned in poverty and abused around the world after portraying Fantine in "Les

**[FULL]:** From: Peggy Siegal Sent: Wednesday, February 27, 2013 11:36 AM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Ann Hathaway/Bill Gates #1. I have to find out if she is in New York or LA after NYC offices open. #2. Why am I asking her to come at 10:30pm with her husband to your home to meet Bill Gates? She is now interested in the plight of girls imprisoned in poverty and abused around the world after portraying Fantine in "Les Mis". Peg Peggy Office Mobil <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent: 
Wednesday, February 27, 2013 11:36 AM 
To: 
Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Ann Hathaway/Bill Gates 
#1. I have to find out if she is in New York or LA after NYC offices open. 
#2. Why am I asking her to come at 10:30pm with her husband to your home to meet Bill Gates? 
She is now interested in the plight of girls imprisoned in poverty and abused around the world after portraying Fantine 
in "Les Mis". 
Peg 
Peggy 
Office 
Mobil 
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version="1.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>139665</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1361964969</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<I nteger>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>278890</string> 
</diet> 
</plist> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01658692 
EFTA02521476

