# EFTA02452920

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: flight

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** gmail.com» wrote: =br> i will come to ca=bridge on the 17th and fly back that night to new york . =so it might work perfectly On Tue, Sep 6, 2016 at 12:17 PM, ehbarak <mailtc wrote: Hi Jeff As of now planned to be on the 17th September in Boston. Planned to=be in NY on the 18th- 20th for the Clinton Global Initiative last me=ting. If you want we can come to N= one day earlier on the 17th. We got a small pied-a-terre there (I114,=A4 ) Best EB Sent from my iPhone wrote: On 5 Sep 2016, at=18:27, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> > will you be in cambridge on the 17

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, September 6, 2016 5:49 PM 
To: 
ehbarak 
Subject: 
Re: touch base JE 
nothing is ever certain, isnt that what you ta=ght me? :) 
On Tue, Sep 6, 2016 at 1:52 PM, ehbarak 
=/span> wrote: 
Hi =eff 
Great. But is it sure? 
So that we can cancel other=flight tickets? 
Best 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 6 Sep 2016, at 12:14, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevac=tion@gmail.com» wrote: 
=br> 
i will come to ca=bridge on the 17th and fly back that night to new york . =so it might work perfectly 
On Tue, Sep 6, 2016 at 12:17 PM, ehbarak 
<mailtc 
wrote: 
Hi Jeff 
As of now planned to be on the 17th September in Boston. Planned to=be in NY on the 18th-
20th for the Clinton Global Initiative last me=ting. 
If you want we can come to N= one day earlier on the 17th. We got a small pied-a-terre there 
(I114,=A4 ) 
Best 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
wrote: 
On 5 Sep 2016, at=18:27, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> > 
will you be in cambridge on the 17th. =C24;:k ? 
EFTA_R1_01553564 
EFTA02452920

=C240 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
c=nstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or co=ying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you 
have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Q=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use =f the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclos=re or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication =n error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to =a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" 
target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
Th= information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be at=orney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is inte=ded only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
=nauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any par= thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have receiv=d this 
2 
EFTA_R1_01553565 
EFTA02452921

communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retur= e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoieevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and a=l copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights rese=ved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01553566 
EFTA02452922

