# EFTA02393554

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Nadia Sent: Saturday, January 3, 2015 10:03 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Why now? Something new? Sent from my iPhone On Jan 3, 2015, at 2:12 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: prince andrew under fire. ignore . On Sat, Jan 3, 2015 at 12:54 PM, Nadia Why is the press calling me? Sent from my iPhone please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Nadia 
Sent: 
Saturday, January 3, 2015 10:03 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
Why now? Something new? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 3, 2015, at 2:12 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
prince andrew under fire. ignore . 
On Sat, Jan 3, 2015 at 12:54 PM, Nadia 
Why is the press calling me? 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01422167 
EFTA02393554

