# EFTA00020972 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Notice of Appearance for Additional or Substitute

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> rst viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 01/25/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: NOTICE OF APPEARANCE AS ADDITIONAL COUNSEL, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell and Appellee USA United States of America, FILED. Service date 01/25/2021 by CM/ECF. [3020548] [21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Deputy Clerk: Ms. Bobbi C. Stemheim, bc@sternheimlaw.com, bc@stemheimlaw.com, ecf@stemheimlaw.com Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Depu

### Match 2
> rst viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 01/25/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: NOTICE OF APPEARANCE AS ADDITIONAL COUNSEL, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell and Appellee USA United States of America, FILED. Service date 01/25/2021 by CM/ECF. [3020548] [21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Deputy Clerk: Ms. Bobbi C. Stemheim, bc@sternheimlaw.com, bc@stemheimlaw.com, ecf@stemheimlaw.com Notice will be stored in the notice cart fo

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> To: Subject: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Notice of Appearance for Additional or Substitute Counsel FILED" Date: Tue, 26 Jan 2021 00:26:50 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 01/25/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: NOTICE OF APPEARANCE AS ADDITIONAL COUNSEL, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell and Appellee USA United States of America, FILED. Service date 01/25/2021 by CM/ECF. [3020548] [21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Deputy
