# EFTA00021028 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, December 9, 2020 9:54 AM
- **Subject:** Maxwell Bail Application Exhibits

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell Bail Application Exhibits Date: Wed, 09 Dec 2020 15:14:33 +0000 Attachments: 2020-12-08_defense_renewed_motionjor_bail_(2of2),_Redacted_Versions.zip H=, Please find attached a zip folder containing the second and final part of the exhibits pertaining to Maxwell's renewed bail application. Than

### Match 2
> From: To: Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell Bail Application Exhibits Date: Wed, 09 Dec 2020 15:14:33 +0000 Attachments: 2020-12-08_defense_renewed_motionjor_bail_(2of2),_Redacted_Versions.zip H=, Please find attached a zip folder containing the second and final part of the exhibits pertaining to Maxwell's renewed bail application. Thank you, and please let me know if you encounter any issues. All the best, F roaM(USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Wednesday, December 9, 2020 9:54 AM To Cc Subject: Maxwell Bail Application Exhibits I hope you're both well! Please find attached a zip folder contain

### Match 3
> find attached a zip folder containing the second and final part of the exhibits pertaining to Maxwell's renewed bail application. Thank you, and please let me know if you encounter any issues. All the best, F roaM(USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Wednesday, December 9, 2020 9:54 AM To Cc Subject: Maxwell Bail Application Exhibits I hope you're both well! Please find attached a zip folder containing the exhibits pertaining to Maxwell's renewed bail application. Thank you, and please let me know if you have any questions or encounter any issues. Take care, Paralegal Specialist U.S. Attorney's Of

### Match 4
> hank you, and please let me know if you encounter any issues. All the best, F roaM(USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Wednesday, December 9, 2020 9:54 AM To Cc Subject: Maxwell Bail Application Exhibits I hope you're both well! Please find attached a zip folder containing the exhibits pertaining to Maxwell's renewed bail application. Thank you, and please let me know if you have any questions or encounter any issues. Take care, Paralegal Specialist U.S. Attorney's Office I SDNY 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 Office: Cell: EFTA00021028
