# EFTA02560332

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** you. I much prefer you leave new york for=awhile. go to vist mom or sis. it is not hea=thy here for you On Wed, Nov 29, 2017 at 10:26 AM, ailto wrote: I was sick again this am, I hope it was isolated and maybe fro= eating too much too soon last night. > > Jeffrey I havent =eard anything from Andrew, wanted to give him a couple days after thanksgi=ing. I think he wanted to do a background check on me and =aid something along the lines of the results of that will determine where =e can send me to. that was my understanding of it and i think I understood= He seemed extremely cautious and want

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, November 29, 2017 3:28 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: andrew 
andrew is trying with related Inc. . i h=ve a phone for you. I much prefer you leave new york for=awhile. go to vist 
mom or sis. it is not hea=thy here for you 
On Wed, Nov 29, 2017 at 10:26 AM, 
ailto 
wrote: 
I was sick again this am, I hope it was isolated and maybe fro= eating too much too soon last night. 
> > 
Jeffrey I havent =eard anything from Andrew, wanted to give him a couple days after thanksgi=ing. 
I think he wanted to do a background check on me and =aid something along the lines of the results of that will 
determine where =e can send me to. that was my understanding of it and i think I understood= He seemed extremely 
cautious and wants me to make up a story for the year= before school. 
I have an interview at the Whitne= tonight. 
the internship has not yielded results.=the guy is bankrupt, programs on the computers not legal, and took me 
into=a pub at 4pm in New Jersey to drink beer (I had water) before a site visit= 
I went on another date last week with one =f our neighbours, Ben , he is very sweet 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--f403045e0dba4e1f6a055f20c95a-- conversation-id 22617 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1511969304 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 773197 
EFTA_R1_01721270 
EFTA02560332

