# EFTA02470801

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** is Monday .are you free in the evening? I can be in Paris Tuesday+ evening but need to reschedule my meetings=C2 Sorry to be so absent- my dad and B- quite something to manage Ariana de Rothschild On 20 Feb 2016, at 21:24, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmai=.com> wrote: bill gates right hand , and food guru =AO Nathan Myrhvold is in paris until tues if you are here. =AO he had the best selling food book in history last year. please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information,

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Saturda , Februa 
20, 2016 11:33 PM 
Re: 
yes, I will make time when you are free. 
<=iv class="gmail_extra"> 
On Sun, Feb 21, 20=6 at 12:29 AM, 
<mailto 
> > wrote: 
<mailto 
> < 
Hi Jeff, I ll be in Paris Monday .are you free in the evening? 
I can be in Paris Tuesday+ evening but need to reschedule my meetings=C2 
Sorry to be so absent- my dad and B- quite something to manage 
Ariana de Rothschild 
On 20 Feb 2016, at 21:24, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmai=.com> wrote: 
bill gates right hand , and food guru =AO Nathan Myrhvold is in paris until tues if you are here. =AO he 
had the best selling food book in history last year. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01582060 
EFTA02470801

please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01582061 
EFTA02470802

