# EFTA02455774

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: doctor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, August 2, 2016 3:58 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Dr. Eiss thanks lets just schedule a biopsy On Tue, Aug 2, 2016=at 11:55 AM, Eva Dubi wrote: =blockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 .8ex;border-left:lp= accc solid;padding-left:1ex"> Spoke to Santos... She knows nothing...says Linn s=es her very seldom. She has the

**[FULL]:** talk to =e otherwise. Subject: Re: Dr. Eiss Fro Date: Mon, 1 Aug 2016 17:01:07 -0400 CC: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jrevacabon@gmail.com> To: =A0 DOB: Eva, do you need Lyn to call the doctor and give her=verbal permission for you to talk to them? Thank =oul On Aug 1, 2016, at 4:46 PM, Eva Dubin r=te: what is Lynn's last name and date of birth. Did she=give permission to all these doctors to talk to me....? =romp Subject: Dr. Eiss Da To: <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.corn> Hi Eva, This is the contac= info I found for Dr. Eiss, Lyn's doctor ; jeevacation@gmail.com 2 EFTA_R1_01558578

**[WORD]:** t: Re: Dr. Eiss From: Date: Mon, 1 Aug 2016 19:00:20 -0400 wrote: EFTA_R1_01558577 EFTA02455774 CC: jeevacation@gmail.comTo: I asked her to call Dr. Eiss's off=ce to give the permission. She will try, if no one can help her now, she w=ll call tomorrow morning On Aug 1, 2016, at 6:52 PM, E=a Dubin wrote: That would be great!! He legally shouldn't talk to =e otherwise. Subject: Re: Dr. Eiss Fro Date: Mon, 1 Aug 2016 17:01:07 -0400 CC: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jrevacabon@gmail.com> To: =A0 DOB: Eva, do you need Lyn to call the doctor and give her=verbal permission for you to ta

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, August 2, 2016 3:58 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: Dr. Eiss 
thanks lets just schedule a biopsy 
On Tue, Aug 2, 2016=at 11:55 AM, Eva Dubi 
wrote: 
=blockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 .8ex;border-left:lp= accc solid;padding-left:1ex"> Spoke to 
Santos... 
She knows nothing...says Linn s=es her very seldom. 
She has the report of MRI and CT scan and all it sa=s is a biopsy is needed. 
I am on hold now at Dr Eiss office ....on=hold for 20 minutes so far.... 
He is a geriatric specialist 
I =hink I am going to ask Jeff Port for help 
Subje=t: Re: Dr. Eiss 
From 
Date: Mon, 1 Aug 2016 20:18:21=-0400 
CC: je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@ mail.com> 
Eva, 
Lyn has spoke with the dr. on call saying that you will be speaking with =r. Eiss and gave her authorization for you to 
discuss her medical informat=on. 
But she also would like for ou to speak with her prim=ry care Dr. Engie Santo 
ho has all her medical rec=rds. She said that Dr. Santos can call you herself if you 
pre er, s to wou = jus nee you p one number. Please let me know which way do you prefer..<=div> 
Thanks a lot! 
On Aug =, 2016, at 7:13 PM, Eva Dubi 
great 
Subject: Re: Dr. Eiss 
From:
Date: Mon, 1 Aug 2016 19:00:20 -0400 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01558577 
EFTA02455774

CC: jeevacation@gmail.comTo: 
I asked her to call Dr. Eiss's off=ce to give the permission. She will try, if no one can help her now, she w=ll call tomorrow 
morning 
On Aug 1, 2016, at 6:52 PM, E=a Dubin 
wrote: 
That would be great!! 
He legally shouldn't talk to =e otherwise. 
Subject: Re: Dr. Eiss 
Fro 
Date: Mon, 1 Aug 2016 17:01:07 -0400 
CC: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jrevacabon@gmail.com> 
To: 
=A0 
DOB: 
Eva, do you need Lyn to call the doctor and give her=verbal permission for you to talk to them? 
Thank =oul 
On Aug 1, 2016, at 4:46 PM, Eva Dubin
r=te: 
what is Lynn's last name and date of birth. 
Did she=give permission to all these doctors to talk to me....? 
=romp 
Subject: Dr. Eiss 
Da 
To: 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.corn> 
Hi Eva, 
This is the contac= info I found for Dr. Eiss, Lyn's doctor 
; jeevacation@gmail.com 
2 
EFTA_R1_01558578 
EFTA02455775

=AO please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use =f the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclos=re or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly proribited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication =n error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to =a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01558579 
EFTA02455776

