# EFTA02552900

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, model, karin

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|<2jea=luc@gmail.com <mailto:2jeanluc@gmail.com»|
|To|Jeffrey Epstein <=a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monde , April 23, 2012 8:01 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ear doctor Fo=warded messa e From: Date: Mon, Apr 23, 2012 at 3:44 PM Subject: Ear doctor To: Jeffrey Ep=tein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Cc: Karin Models Brunel Woody sees a few ear doctors, b=t his main one is Janet Shalley at 76 Park Audiology which is located at=A069 East 76th Street. On Apr 23, 2012, at 3:37 PM, Jeff=ey Epstein wrote: please get it from= woody aliens office Forwa=ded message From: <2jea=luc@gmail.com <mailto:2jeanluc@gmail.com

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monde , April 23, 2012 8:01 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Fwd: Ear doctor 
 
Fo=warded messa e 
From: 
Date: Mon, Apr 23, 2012 at 3:44 PM 
Subject: Ear doctor 
To: Jeffrey Ep=tein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Cc: Karin Models Brunel 
Woody sees a few ear doctors, b=t his main one is Janet Shalley at 76 Park Audiology which is located at=A069 East 76th 
Street. 
On Apr 23, 2012, at 3:37 PM, Jeff=ey Epstein wrote: 
please get it from= 
woody aliens office 
 
Forwa=ded message 
From: <2jea=luc@gmail.com <mailto:2jeanluc@gmail.com» 
Date: Mon, Apr 23, 2012 at 3:34 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <=a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com> 
Sorry but I need again the address from ear hospit=l 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
0**•***** 
************** 
*** ******** 
*= 
The information contained in this communication =s 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute in=ide information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_01709756 
EFTA02552900

and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or=by e-mail to je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The informati=n contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-clie=t privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01709757 
EFTA02552901

