# EFTA02701297

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|fyi|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Friday, September 7, 2012 9:12 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: fyi I have the adderall and antibiotics. Can I drop it off tomorrow? Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Fri, 7 Sep 2012 20:56:06 To: Sub

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Friday, September 7, 2012 9:12 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: fyi 
I have the adderall and antibiotics. Can I drop it off tomorrow? 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 7 Sep 2012 20:56:06 
To: 
Subject: fyi 
=0A=0A- 
Forwarded message 
=rom: Richard Axel 
=ate: Fri, Sep 7, 2012 at 4:28 PM 
=Subject: Re: 
=o: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
=0A=0A= 
=ear Jeff, 
=Although I would be pleased to oblige Eva's daughter, I have vengeance for=Trinity. My older son 
vas a student 
there for eight months in his =3th year and he was summarily dismissed mid-semester without recourse or a=equate 
explanation. This coincided with the beginnings of serious psych=logical issues. I simply cannot oblige Trinity. 
=Michael Wood is broad, deep, and interesting. He can talk on a vast exp=nse of literature, but Nabokov would be fun. 
=Richard 
=0A=0A=-
=he information contained in this communication is 
=onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
=onstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
=the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
=effrey Epstein 
=nauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
=ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
=nd may be unlawful. If you have received this 
=communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
=eturn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmailcom <mailto:jeevacation@gmatom> , and 
=estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "I/Apple/MID PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
EFTA_R1_02069886 
EFTA02701297

<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1347052387</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8623750145</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>27</integer> 
<integer>7</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>244662</string> 
</diet> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_02069887 
EFTA02701298

