# EFTA02559968

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** t: Follow me on twit=e Begin forwarded message: From: Kelly Friendly Date: December 2, 2017 at 8:16:13 AM EST To: Lawrence Henry Summers Subject: Fwd: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? Did you see this Kelly Friendly 2 EFTA_R1_01720712 EFTA02559969 Begin forwarded message: From: Andrew Friendly Date: December 2, 2017 at 7:29:07 AM EST To: Kelly Friendly Subject: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? https://www.facebook.com/senatorsandersivide=s/10156545332157908/ chttps://www.facebook.com/senatorsanders/videos/101565453321=7908/> please note The information contained i

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, December 2, 2017 9:11 PM 
To: 
Larry Summers 
Subject: 
Re: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? 
1 involve the children in t=e decision process , as to at least structure. =AO lump sum. trust. annuity combo . pa=t 
charity . trustees . distribution person investm=nt person legal person 
2. each child needs protection =C2 1 from future spouses. 2 creditors. 3. =themselves 
3. insurance? living trusts? p=wer of attorney.. springing powers. . 
4 executors.=C2 - tax collectors. / 
5 video for yo=r unborn granchildren 
i will devote the time when you =re ready 
On Sat, Dec 2, 2017 at 10:00 AM, Larry Summers 
rote: 
Later 
Sent from my iPhone 
Please direct all scheduling inquiries to my office at 
Follow me on twit=er 
On Dec 2, 2017, at 9:50 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com» wrote: 
On Sat, Dec 2, 2017 at 9:30 AM, Larry Summers 
I don't know whether to laugh or cry 
EFTA_R1_01720711 
EFTA02559968

S=nt from my iPhone 
Please direct all scheduling inquiries to my office at: 
Follow me on twit=ems 
On Dec 2, 2017, at 9:29 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com» wrote: 
like the hunt for easter eggs. your friend andrew ha= so far only found one . and it was 
brighly colored :) 
On Sat, Dec 2, 2017 at 9:23 AM, Larry Summers 
wrote: 
???? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Please direct all scheduling inquiries to my office at: 
Follow me on twit=e 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Kelly Friendly 
Date: December 2, 2017 at 8:16:13 AM EST 
To: Lawrence Henry Summers 
Subject: Fwd: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? 
Did you see this 
Kelly Friendly 
2 
EFTA_R1_01720712 
EFTA02559969

Begin forwarded message: 
From: Andrew Friendly 
Date: December 2, 2017 at 7:29:07 AM EST 
To: Kelly Friendly 
Subject: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? 
https://www.facebook.com/senatorsandersivide=s/10156545332157908/ 
chttps://www.facebook.com/senatorsanders/videos/101565453321=7908/> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> , 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
3 
EFTA_R1_01720713 
EFTA02559970

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--94eb2c1c067c3f6365055f61ed0d-- conversation-id 905 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1512249080 flags 
8590195717 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 774447 
4 
EFTA_R1_01720714 
EFTA02559971

