# EFTA02332528

**LES WEXNER REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, financial

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Philip Levine|
|Sent|Friday, April 04, 2003 12:29 PM|
|Subject|Ref. :|

---

**[FULL]:** /FR-PARIS-HOLDING/LVMH@LVMH cc : Objet : Toni, I have been asked to possibly set up an appointment between you and my friend Jeffrey Epstein. Jeffrey would like to meet with you in Paris regarding Sephora. Briefly, Jeffrey is a major financier and the financial advisor and representative for Leslie Wexner of The Limited. He will be in Paris next week and depending on your schedule he is available Tuesday-Thursday. Please let me know so I can relay info. Thanks. PL EFTA_R1_01278479 EFTA02332528

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Philip Levine 
Sent: 
Sat 4/5/2003 8:24:50 AM 
Subject: 
RE: Ref. : 
Toni, 
I will have him contact you directly at your offices to set a time for next week. 
Thanks. 
Philip 
Original Message 
From:  
Sent: Friday, April 04, 2003 12:29 PM 
To: Philip Levine 
Subject: Ref. : 
Philip, 
Thanks for the offer. I am glad to meet Jeffrey, but he should know we already 
have somebody else having made contact with us on behalf of the Limited regarding 
Sephora. 
Toni 
"Philip Levine" 
le 03/04/2003 18:19:54 
Pour : Antonio BELLONI/FR-PARIS-HOLDING/LVMH@LVMH 
cc : 
Objet : 
Toni, 
I have been asked to possibly set up an appointment between you and my friend 
Jeffrey Epstein. Jeffrey would like to meet with you in Paris regarding Sephora. 
Briefly, Jeffrey is a major financier and the financial advisor and 
representative for Leslie Wexner of The Limited. He will be in Paris next week 
and depending on your schedule he is available Tuesday-Thursday. 
Please let me know so I can relay info. 
Thanks. 
PL 
EFTA_R1_01278479 
EFTA02332528

