# EFTA02436175

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Mon Aug 31 08:01:34 2009|
|Subject|Re: Commercial Real Estate Portends Crisis|

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationiagmail.comUeevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 8/31/2009 12:40:01 PM Subject: Re: Commercial Real Estate Portends Crisis Ok. On chopper into the city. I may need to come stay at your house the night of 9/21. I'm going to opening dolphins game w/ ross that day. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Aug 31 08:0

**[WORD]:** mail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 8/31/2009 12:40:01 PM Subject: Re: Commercial Real Estate Portends Crisis Ok. On chopper into the city. I may need to come stay at your house the night of 9/21. I'm going to opening dolphins game w/ ross that day. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Aug 31 08:01:34 2009 Subject: Re: Commercial Real Estate Portends Crisis i m availble to talk after 4 at home On Mon, Aug 31, 2009 at 3:38 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. < wrote: *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication i

**[WORD]:** y at your house the night of 9/21. I'm going to opening dolphins game w/ ross that day. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Aug 31 08:01:34 2009 Subject: Re: Commercial Real Estate Portends Crisis i m availble to talk after 4 at home On Mon, Aug 31, 2009 at 3:38 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. < wrote: *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epst

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationiagmail.comUeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Mon 8/31/2009 12:40:01 PM 
Subject: Re: Commercial Real Estate Portends Crisis 
Ok. On chopper into the city. I may need to come stay at your house the night of 9/21. I'm going to opening 
dolphins game w/ ross that day. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Mon Aug 31 08:01:34 2009 
Subject: Re: Commercial Real Estate Portends Crisis 
i m availble to talk after 4 at home 
On Mon, Aug 31, 2009 at 3:38 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. < 
wrote: 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationagmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01508555 
EFTA02436175

