# EFTA02421899

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Sept. 18th Guest Add On's Status|

---

**[FULL]:** sent Sept. 2 Ron & Elka Altbach Email sent Sept. 2 Steve Hanson & Family Yes Ronnie &Catherine Shamony Email sent Sept. 2 Katie Couric Email sent Sept. 2 Joel Paschow Yes (will be there& looking forward jeffrey. Joel) Story Maybe (depends on work. He will try to get off for the party) Jean Luc Brunel Maybe, he might be in Europe 'Steve Hanson wants to make double sure it is ok for his kids to come. He does not want to make anyone else feel uncomfortable. Are there any other children coming? His kids love you and would like to attend as well, but he does not want to impose. His wife definit

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
amilifilom] 
Cc: 
Fran: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Fri 9/3/2010 2:20:19 PM 
Subject: Sept. 18th Guest Add On's Status 
Skip Stein 
No (will be in LA, if plans change he will come!) 
Nathan Myhrvold 
No (Alas, I won't be able to make it) 
Boris Nikolic 
No (he will be in China) 
Peter Mande!son 
Email sent Sept. 2 
Ron & Elka Altbach 
Email sent Sept. 2 
Steve Hanson & Family 
Yes 
Ronnie &Catherine Shamony Email sent Sept. 2 
Katie Couric 
Email sent Sept. 2 
Joel Paschow 
Yes (will be there& looking forward jeffrey. Joel) 
Story 
Maybe (depends on work. He will try to get off for the 
party) 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Maybe, he might be in Europe 
'Steve Hanson wants to make double sure it is ok for his kids to come. He does not 
want to make anyone else feel uncomfortable. Are there any other children coming? 
His kids love you and would like to attend as well, but he does not want to impose. His 
wife definitely wants to come either way. Please let me know if other children are 
coming...and if you really wish him to bring them. 
'Do you want me to cancel David the caterer if we are going to use Ryan? 
***May I tell Miho Florist we will still be using them, but it will be a more intimate 
party now? 
EFTA_R1_0 1488379 
EFTA02421899

