# EFTA02671084

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: royal, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" <|
|To|=/b>"Richard Kahn (|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>Royal Bank of =cotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd|

---

**[WORD]:** RBS.Bonds.2.24.15.pdf; Untitled attachment 00459.htm thought this was interesting as it would =ield foreign interest income please =dvise thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 tel fax cell = Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" < Subject: =/b>Royal Bank of =cotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd Date: =/b>November 9, 2015 at 4:03:19 PM =ST To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( I" < Rich, Here's an attractive Yield to Call opportunity that I =anted to show Southern Trust Company. I've attached a =till relevant Morgan Stanley note fr

**[WORD]:** erms, but are happy with the carry they offer even if they =re not. * =ote the back end of 3m1+232 grossed up for tax is closer to 3m1+300 for =he issuer. &nb=p; &=bsp; &nb=p; Please treat all price levels as subject to market =vailability. Let me know if you have any questions. Speak soon, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas Financial =dvisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan =omplex 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 Tel/Direct: Fax: <mailto Important Notice to Recipients: 3 EFTA_R1_01939813 EFTA02671086 Please d

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn < 
Sent: 
Monday, November 9, 2015 9:26 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: Royal Bank of Scotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd 
Attachments: 
RBS.Bonds.2.24.15.pdf; Untitled attachment 00459.htm 
thought this was interesting as it would =ield foreign interest income please =dvise thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell = 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" < 
Subject: =/b>Royal Bank of =cotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd 
Date: =/b>November 9, 2015 at 4:03:19 PM =ST 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( 
I" < 
Rich, 
Here's an attractive Yield to Call opportunity that I =anted to show Southern Trust Company. I've attached a =till 
relevant Morgan Stanley note from earlier this year. 
EFTA_R1_01939811 
EFTA02671084

Details: 
Royal Bank of Scotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Preferred =hares 
RBS=7.64% Perpetual 
Issuer: Royal Bk Scotland Grp Plc 
Par=Value: 
=1,000 
Security Type: Preferred Stock 
QDI/DRD =ligible 
Yes = Yes 
Cumulative: 
=on-Cumulative 
Rating: B1 / B+ 
Coupon =Details): 
=.64% to 9/30/2017; Then US 3M Libor +232bp, resets Quarterly 
&nb=p; =nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Next Call Date: 9/30/2017, Quarterly thereafter 
Maturity: 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Perpetual 
Net==rice: 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 105.25 
Current =ield: 
&n=sp; 
7.2589% 
Yield to Next =all: 
=.6871% 
Some of Morgan Stanley's highlights: 
1. 
They fundamentally like the credit and this is one of the =ost liquid and highest yielding legacy securities 
(old-style AT1s) 
2. 
They expect the bond to get called at first call because: 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
= i. 
=/span>RBS=has excess Tier 1 capital and RBS is 
issuing AT1 which is further =ncreasing this excess 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
= ii. 
=/span>The=7.64s are expensive. RBS does not 
get a tax benefit so the coupon =s 1.2x higher for the issuer than the headline coupon*. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01939812 
EFTA02671085

&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
iii. 
=/span>The=7.64s are only callable every 10 years 
so missing the opportunity in =017 reduces all flexibility for the issuer when it loses all capital value from end-2021. 
3. 
They think that the 7.64$ could get tendered for or exchanged =t favorable terms, but are happy with the 
carry they offer even if they =re not. 
* =ote the back end of 3m1+232 grossed up for tax is closer to 3m1+300 for =he issuer. 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
Please treat all price levels as subject to market =vailability. Let me know if you have any questions. 
Speak soon, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial =dvisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan =omplex 
1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 
Tel/Direct: 
Fax: 
<mailto 
Important Notice to Recipients: 
3 
EFTA_R1_01939813 
EFTA02671086

Please do not use e•mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any =ecurity or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this =-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
=eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, =o the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is subject to terms 
available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If you cannot access 
this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley 
you consent to =he foregoing. 
4 
EFTA_R1_01939814 
EFTA02671087

