# EFTA02247628

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** look today > On Jun 8, 2018, at 1:47 PM, wrote: > Merwin has confirmed there is moisture between the panes of glass on Ehud's window-let me know when you would like to have a look so I can ask Nili to disarm the alarm for your men. >> On Jun 8, 2018, at 1:05 PM, A Barrett < .> wrote: >> >> Andrew is away until July 5. I will take care of the ac on Monday June 11. 9am. » What do you need with the windows in 11J? » Anthony Barrett >> >> >» On Jun 8, 2018, at 12:42 PM, wrote: >» >» Hello Anthony and Andrew...I have emailed several times and left a voice mail for Andrew and yet to hea

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Anthony Barrett 
Sent 
Fri 6/8/2018 5:51:10 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
i can look today 
> On Jun 8, 2018, at 1:47 PM, 
wrote: 
> Merwin has confirmed there is moisture between the panes of glass on Ehud's 
window-let me know when you would like to have a look so I can ask Nili to disarm 
the alarm for your men. 
>> On Jun 8, 2018, at 1:05 PM, A Barrett < 
.> wrote: 
>> 
>> Andrew is away until July 5. I will take care of the ac on Monday June 11. 
9am. 
» What do you need with the windows in 11J? 
» Anthony Barrett 
>> 
>> 
>» On Jun 8, 2018, at 12:42 PM, 
wrote: 
>» 
>» Hello Anthony and Andrew...I have emailed several times and left a voice mail 
for Andrew and yet to hear back re the below: 
>» 
>>> -when can the AC be fixed in apt 3M...we wanted it done June 7,8, 11 or 
12-would like it completed by June 13 before occupant returns from her travels. 
I need to schedule our man Leo at the same time_might there be a time that is 
convenient for you? 
>>> -where are we with the window issue in 11J, Ehud's apartment...they will be 
away for about a month so we have some time to fix/replace it..please let me 
know. We will need to coordinate with Nili due to the alarm on apt. 
>» 
>>> Look forward to hearing back quickly. 
>» 
>>> Thanks, 
>» 
>» 
>> 
EFTA_R1_01026998 
EFTA02247628

