# EFTA02594520

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, November 17, 2014 11:36 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: Stuff are you in new york? i might come up wed aftr thurs,=C2 i would like to hear more about each before putting you in fro=t of the animals On Sun, Nov 16, 2014 at 6:08 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. mailto » wrote: 1) I wou=d appreciate the intro to michael ovitz to talk about the

**[WORD]:** frey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, November 17, 2014 11:36 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: Stuff are you in new york? i might come up wed aftr thurs,=C2 i would like to hear more about each before putting you in fro=t of the animals On Sun, Nov 16, 2014 at 6:08 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. mailto » wrote: 1) I wou=d appreciate the intro to michael ovitz to talk about the naming oppty for=the new degree in the performing arts, dance and media at harvard. 2) I would like to talk to you about who you would have me show this new ta= free 18%-20% return cmbs product. We have trac

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, November 17, 2014 11:36 AM 
To: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
Re: Stuff 
are you in new york? i might come up wed aftr thurs,=C2 i would like to hear more about each before putting you in 
fro=t of the animals 
On Sun, Nov 16, 2014 at 6:08 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
mailto 
» wrote: 
1) I wou=d appreciate the intro to michael ovitz to talk about the naming oppty for=the new degree in the 
performing arts, dance and media at harvard. 
2) I would like to talk to you about who you would have me show this new ta= free 18%-20% return cmbs 
product. We have traction now and I'm ready =o fill it out. 
3) We are confirmed for 12/4 at 3:00 at your place. 
4) Mort completely evaporated on me. We suspected that might happen. 
5) Any interest out of Leon? 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary,=privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, =r otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or und=r applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
n=tified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, dissemi=ating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including=any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this me=sage in error, 
please contact the sender immediately and destroy the messa=e (including any attachments) and any copies in their 
entirety, whether in=electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be =onsidered a legally 
binding agreement, amendment or modification of any ag=eement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, 
each of whi=h requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Gro=p LLC or such affiliate. 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
EFTA_R1_01778547 
EFTA02594520

received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01778548 
EFTA02594521

