# EFTA00038105 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, October 1, 20201:25 PM
- **Subject:** RE: C-20 request for assistance next week

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> BI)" c > wrote: EFTA00038105 SA Conroy and SA can assist Forwarded message From: " (NY) (FBI)" < > Date: Oct 1, 2020 8:39 AM Subject: C-20 request for assistance next week To: NY-NADP Cc: ' (NY) (FBI)" < >," (NYPD)" < All- Squad C-20 is requesting assistance from two agents for the Maxwell investigation. They are looking for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially b

### Match 2
> for assistance next week To: NY-NADP Cc: ' (NY) (FBI)" < >," (NYPD)" < All- Squad C-20 is requesting assistance from two agents for the Maxwell investigation. They are looking for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able to assist Thanks, EFTA00038106

### Match 3
> ng for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able to assist Thanks, EFTA00038106
