# EFTA02597191

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein, model, mc2

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=»|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject|<no subject>|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, December 11, 2014 11:55 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: anything i can do to help? On Thu, Dec 11, 2014 at 7:52 AM, Jean =uc Brunel < <mailto wrote: In Miami, dealing with significant problems associated to mc2 model =80 s image on the internet. Then I go for holidays From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Thursday

**[FULL]:** help? On Thu, Dec 11, 2014 at 7:52 AM, Jean =uc Brunel < <mailto wrote: In Miami, dealing with significant problems associated to mc2 model =80 s image on the internet. Then I go for holidays From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Thursday, December 11, 2014 a= 11:35 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel iSig=; Subject: <no subject> are you back yet? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use,

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, December 11, 2014 11:55 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: anything i can do to help? On Thu, Dec 11, 2014 at 7:52 AM, Jean =uc Brunel < <mailto wrote: In Miami, dealing with significant problems associated to mc2 model =80 s image on the internet. Then I go for holidays From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Thursday, December 11, 2014 a= 11:35 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel iSig=; Subject: <no subject> are you

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, December 11, 2014 11:55 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
anything i can do to help? 
On Thu, Dec 11, 2014 at 7:52 AM, Jean =uc Brunel < 
<mailto 
wrote: 
In Miami, dealing with significant problems associated to mc2 model =80 s image on the internet. 
Then I go for holidays 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» 
Date: Thursday, December 11, 2014 a= 11:35 AM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
iSig=; 
Subject: <no subject> 
are you back yet? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> > 
EFTA_R1_01782588 
EFTA02597191

please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01782589 
EFTA02597192

