# EFTA00023113 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 9

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday. December 30.2020 8:43 AM
- **Subject:** Re: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: " To: Cc: a:M.1=11W (USANYS)" Subject: RE: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 30 Dec 2020 18:35:26 +0000 Yes, I'll call you in a minute. illIMENIE > Ori inal Messa e From: Sent: Wednesday, December 30, 2020 1:35 PM To: Cc: Subject: Re: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Available right now for a quick call? >» PM >>> and M, Additional email to d

### Match 2
> From: " To: Cc: a:M.1=11W (USANYS)" Subject: RE: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 30 Dec 2020 18:35:26 +0000 Yes, I'll call you in a minute. illIMENIE > Ori inal Messa e From: Sent: Wednesday, December 30, 2020 1:35 PM To: Cc: Subject: Re: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Available right now for a quick call? >» PM >>> and M, Additional email to discuss when you are available. Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York. NY 10007 mailto: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com> Sent:

### Match 3
> you are available. Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York. NY 10007 mailto: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com> Sent: Wednesday. December 30.2020 8:43 AM To: Cc: SANYS ; Christian Everdell , Mark S. Cohen Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Good morning, I am responding to select portions of yesterday's email: Ms. Maxwell reports that she is searched, patted, and wanded multiple times per day 1- Isolation Cell to Day Room (USANYS) 12/30/2020 1:20 EFTA00023113 2- Day Room to VTC Room - 3 - VTC Room to Day Room 4- Day

### Match 4
> From: " To: Cc: a:M.1=11W (USANYS)" Subject: RE: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 30 Dec 2020 18:35:26 +0000 Yes, I'll call you in a minute. illIMENIE > Ori inal Messa e From: Sent: Wednesday, December 30, 2020 1:35 PM To: Cc: Subject: Re: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Available right now for a quick call? >» PM >>> and M, Additional em

### Match 5
> From: " To: Cc: a:M.1=11W (USANYS)" Subject: RE: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 30 Dec 2020 18:35:26 +0000 Yes, I'll call you in a minute. illIMENIE > Ori inal Messa e From: Sent: Wednesday, December 30, 2020 1:35 PM To: Cc: Subject: Re: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Available right now for a quick call? >» PM >>> and M, Additional email to discuss when you are available. Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York. NY 10007 mailto: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com>

### Match 6
> you are available. Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York. NY 10007 mailto: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com> Sent: Wednesday. December 30.2020 8:43 AM To: Cc: SANYS ; Christian Everdell , Mark S. Cohen Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Good morning, I am responding to select portions of yesterday's email: Ms. Maxwell reports that she is searched, patted, and wanded multiple times per day 1- Isolation Cell to Day Room (USANYS) 12/30/2020 1:20 EFTA00023113 2- Day Room to VTC Room - 3 - VTC Room to Day Room

### Match 7
> ndrew's Plaza New York. NY 10007 mailto: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com> Sent: Wednesday. December 30.2020 8:43 AM To: Cc: SANYS ; Christian Everdell , Mark S. Cohen Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Good morning, I am responding to select portions of yesterday's email: Ms. Maxwell reports that she is searched, patted, and wanded multiple times per day 1- Isolation Cell to Day Room (USANYS) 12/30/2020 1:20 EFTA00023113 2- Day Room to VTC Room - 3 - VTC Room to Day Room 4- Day Room to Isolation Cell 2 additional searches if she goes to and from recreation. In addition,m

### Match 8
> on 12/21 (and decreases during the night)- Monday night (12/28) the ambient temperature was taken just inside the door frame of her Isolation Cell, not near the external non- insulated concrete wall on which condensation accumulates due to differentials between external and internal temperature. Ms. Maxwell was given the third blanket in response to her being cold after condensation had accumulated. Unlike other inmates - whose body temperatures elevate heat in common areas - Ms. Maxwell is an isolated inmate; no heat is generated from others to provide additional heat. Given that she is surveilled

### Match 9
> concrete wall on which condensation accumulates due to differentials between external and internal temperature. Ms. Maxwell was given the third blanket in response to her being cold after condensation had accumulated. Unlike other inmates - whose body temperatures elevate heat in common areas - Ms. Maxwell is an isolated inmate; no heat is generated from others to provide additional heat. Given that she is surveilled 24 hours a day by handheld and stationery cameras, is escorted from locked area to locked area in the custody and control of 3 to 6 guards, and has no contact with any other inmates,
