# EFTA02437810

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Cecile de Jongh|
|To|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>|
|Sent|Fri Oct 09 15:28:33 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmail.comfjeeyacation©gmail.corn] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 10/9/2009 8:15:09 PM Subject: Re: Fwd: Very nice. Wanna buy a condo? From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Fri Oct 09 15:28:33 2009 Subject: Fwd: how s this for a shifty market Forwarded messa e ------ From: Cecile de Jongh Date: Fri, Oct

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmail.comfjeeyacation©gmail.corn] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 10/9/2009 8:15:09 PM Subject: Re: Fwd: Very nice. Wanna buy a condo? From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Fri Oct 09 15:28:33 2009 Subject: Fwd: how s this for a shifty market Forwarded messa e ------ From: Cecile de Jongh Date: Fri, Oct 9, 2009 at 3:19 PM Subject: To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> I left a message for you at the PB house. I am in Cleveland at a CHADD BOD m

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.comfjeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Fri 10/9/2009 8:15:09 PM 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
Very nice. Wanna buy a condo? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmailcom> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Fri Oct 09 15:28:33 2009 
Subject: Fwd: 
how s this for a shifty market 
 
Forwarded messa e 
------
From: Cecile de Jongh 
Date: Fri, Oct 9, 2009 at 3:19 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>
I left a message for you at the PB house. I am in Cleveland at a CHADD BOD meeting. Below 
is a snapshot of the current RE market on SIT and STJ. 
St. John Real Estate 
Currently there are approximately 140 homes on MLS on STJ 
(note: in 2003 there were just 35 homes for sale) 
Only 15 Homes have closed on STJ since January 2009 
The highest sales price of those 15 sales was $1.8 mil 
Overall there have been multiple low offers on high end homes, but sellers are not 
biting 
Most STJ sellers are financially secure and will wait this lull out for the next year 
or two. Overall the high end sellers do not need to sell. 
St. Thomas Real Estate 
Currently there are 157 homes on MLS on STT 
EFTA_R1_01510740 
EFTA02437810

Priced from $148,000 - $7 mil 
64 homes are priced in excess of$1/mil 
29 Homes have sold on STT since January I, 2009 
Lowest price was $185,000, highest price was $3,400,000 
10 homes were in excess of $600,000 (19 under $600k) 
Most STT sellers are holding steady with prices slightly fluid and negotiable. 
******************************** 
*************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationOgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01510741 
EFTA02437811

