# EFTA02559124

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: TITLE | XRefs: epstein, president

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[TITLE]:** their results drove the ne=t decsion. These decsions neeed to be evaluated with a cool stand of=ish attitude. Coldy asseseing the next steps. =C2 This military approach, led to the frustration of many around in the=polical cirlcles surrounding me as Prime Minister. At my=very first Meeting with President Clinton a year before the conclusion of =alks. I had laid out in great detail the action steps that would hav= to be taken in order to achieve the peace that Israel wanted needed and h=ped for. =C2 please note The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cli

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, December 1, 2017 12:56 PM 
To: 
jeffrey epstein; ehud barak 
Subject: 
first page condensed 
Some say that feelings can be read on=the face. If true, I was either a very good actor ( not possib=e according to those 
who worked closely with me ) or those standing in fro=t of olive green cabin at camp David needed eye glasses. It was 
said I loo=ed Defeated, distressed or depressed. . Not the case at =11. I was of course disappointed.. Their was a 
historic lack=of results over the previous 14 days . This would be a blow to=me personallly as prime minister but much 
more importantly would have seri=us consequences to Israel 
=AO I had been a politcian all of 5 years. Most of my life had =een in uniform. From inception as a small slightly built 
fresh=faced teen i had selected to be part of the begiining of a new Israeli Uni= , sayeret Makal. The current day 
equivalent of the spec=al forces ie Delta Force ( U.S ) or the SAS ( U.K) . My dispos=tion was gentically contemplative 
but it was hardened and burnised into th= characteristics needed to command such a group. 
The rule=. there was no such thing as over planning. Thoughts and=strategies were important but actions and their 
results drove the ne=t decsion. These decsions neeed to be evaluated with a cool stand of=ish attitude. Coldy asseseing 
the next steps. 
=C2 This military approach, led to the frustration of many around in the=polical cirlcles surrounding me as Prime 
Minister. At my=very first Meeting with President Clinton a year before the conclusion of =alks. I had laid out in great 
detail the action steps that would hav= to be taken in order to achieve the peace that Israel wanted needed and h=ped 
for. 
=C2 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to 
jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
--94eb2c03cbfae354c0055f46e3ed-- conversation-id 22329 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1512132959 flags 
8590195717 gmail-label-ids 7 6 2 remote-id 773849 
EFTA_R1_01719312 
EFTA02559124

