# EFTA02617450

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york, minor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|J <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Paul Barrett|
|Sent|Wednesday, October 24, 2018 7:20 AM|
|Subject|Re: Media fund bridge loan|

---

**[WORD]:** So risk is they can't raise sufficient L.P interests. They plan on raising the fund through their Wealth Management division. Paul 2 EFTA_R1_01819523 EFTA02617451 Paul Barrett Alpha Group Capital LLC 142 W 57th Street, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10019 Begin forwarded message: From: "Atlas, Andrew 5" Date: October 15, 2018 at 5:03:45 PM EDT To: "Paul Barre Subject: Warehouse Outreac Hi Paul, Morgan Stanley has been engaged by EIIV Group, a newly formed fund manager to structure and syndicate a $50MM warehouse facility. The $50MM warehouse will be used to finance the acquisition of a mu

**[WORD]:** rategic partnership with one of the largest music groups in the world offers strong source of continued music catalogue supply and expertise for fund to leverage television * Best-in-class management team with longstanding relationships across music, film and 3 EFTA_R1_01819524 EFTA02617452 Andrew S. Atlas Senior Vice President Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Financial Advisor Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 NOTICE: Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained herein are not inte

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Paul Barrett 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 24, 2018 3:41 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
RE: Media fund bridge loan 
The purpose of the investment is to act as a warehouse facility before the LP money is raised for the fund. For this you 
get paid 12%. The warehouse is $50MM. Once they raise the $50MM from LPs, your investment is repaid and you get to 
keep a 20% interest in the GP of the fund. The eventual GP profit share could be quite substantial. Wouldn't that be a 
nice GRAT outcome? The GP payout could be 10 years though. Not sure what the maximum life of a GRAT is. 
Paul Barrett 
Alpha Group Capital LLC 
142 W 57th Street, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10019 
From: J <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Wednesday, October 24, 2018 7:20 AM 
To: Paul Barrett 
Subject: Re: Media fund bridge loan 
why/ a grat. not sure what you mean? 
>
On Tue, Oct 23, 2018 at 6:24 PM Paul Barrett < 
<mailto 
>
wrote: 
Do you think this would work for a GRAT? 
EFTA_R1_01819522 
EFTA02617450

Paul Barrett 
Alpha Group Capital LLC 
142 W 57th Street, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10019 
On Oct 19, 2018, at 11:38 AM, Paul Barrett 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey 
Passing this along from MS: 
MS looking for what is effectively a bridge loan before closing their media/licensing fund. They are 
paying 12% for what will likely be a 12 month loan (it does have 2x 6 month extensions). After repayment you get a pro-
rata 20% of the fund's 20% performance fees. Target size for the fund is $350MM. They are looking for $50MM for this 
loan. 
For $5MM loan: 
Assuming you get repaid on the loan, the fund ends up at $175MM and they achieve 10% IRRs you 
would be entitled to "$650K payout at the end (assumed 7 years) 
Assuming you get repaid on the loan, the fund ends up at $350MM and they achieve 15% IRRs you 
would be entitled to -$2.49MM payout at the end (assumed 7 years) 
If they can't raise $50MM from L.Ps for the fund after 2 years, the loan converts into equity and you 
own the assets that will be managed by the same G.P. So risk is they can't raise sufficient L.P interests. They plan on 
raising the fund through their Wealth Management division. 
Paul 
2 
EFTA_R1_01819523 
EFTA02617451

Paul Barrett 
Alpha Group Capital LLC 
142 W 57th Street, 11th Floor, New York, NY 10019 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Atlas, Andrew 5" 
Date: October 15, 2018 at 5:03:45 PM EDT 
To: "Paul Barre 
Subject: Warehouse Outreac 
Hi Paul, 
Morgan Stanley has been engaged by EIIV Group, a newly formed fund manager to structure 
and syndicate a $50MM warehouse facility. The $50MM warehouse will be used to finance the acquisition of a music 
catalogue and a minority interest in a production company. Please see below for investment highlights. 
Short-dated warehouse facility offers attractive annual cash yield of 12% 
Equity interest in proposed fund through retained ownership stake in EIIV GP (i.e., carry) 
Financing the acquisition of: 
• 
The music catalogue of Jeff Bhasker, a well-known songwriter / producer of numerous #1 
hits (e.g., Uptown Funk, Girl on Fire) 
• 
Minority stake in an independent film and television production company backed by high 
quality strategic and financial investors, including AMC and the Emerson Collective 
* 
EIIV is pursuing a strategic partnership with one of the largest music groups in the world 
offers strong source of continued music catalogue supply and expertise for fund to leverage 
television 
* 
Best-in-class management team with longstanding relationships across music, film and 
3 
EFTA_R1_01819524 
EFTA02617452

Andrew S. Atlas 
Senior Vice President 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Financial Advisor 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 
NOTICE: Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained 
herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. If you have received this communication in error, please destroy all 
electronic and paper copies and notify the sender immediately. Mistransmission is not intended to waive confidentiality 
or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, to the extent required and/or permitted under applicable law, to 
monitor electronic communications, including telephone calls with Morgan Stanley personnel. This message is subject to 
the Morgan Stanley General Disclaimers available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers. If 
you cannot access the links, please notify us by reply message and we will send the contents to you. By communicating 
with Morgan Stanley you acknowledge that you have read, understand and consent, (where applicable), to the foregoing 
and the Morgan Stanley General Disclaimers. 
<Project Ellipsis Indicative Term Sheet.pdf> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
4 
EFTA_R1_01819525 
EFTA02617453

jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
5 
EFTA_R1_01819526 
EFTA02617454

