# EFTA02372695

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, model, mc2

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject|<no subject>|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Thursday, December 11, 2014 11:52 AM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: In Miami, dealing with significant problems associated to mc2 model"= image on the internet. Then I go for holidays From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Thursday, December 11, 2014 a= 11:35 AM To: Jean

**[FULL]:** runel Sent: Thursday, December 11, 2014 11:52 AM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: In Miami, dealing with significant problems associated to mc2 model"= image on the internet. Then I go for holidays From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Thursday, December 11, 2014 a= 11:35 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: <no subject> are you back yet? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: 
Thursday, December 11, 2014 11:52 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
In Miami, dealing with significant problems associated to mc2 model"= image on the internet. 
Then I go for holidays 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thursday, December 11, 2014 a= 11:35 AM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: <no subject> 
are you back yet? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
1 
EFTA_R1_01376846 
EFTA02372695

