# EFTA02516793

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffre= E. (mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> )|
|To|Bill Gates|
|Sent|Saturday, October 18, 2014 2:53 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, October 19, 2014 9:45 AM To: Bill Gates Subject: Re: i think we should monitor the press to miinimize your invo=vement . I have continued to help the bridge project. as i tho=ght it was in your interest. we should speak for 5 minutes if =hat is not what you want. On Sat, Oct 18, 2014 at 9:33 PM, Bill Gates < » wrote: That is unfor

**[FULL]:** ber 19, 2014 9:45 AM To: Bill Gates Subject: Re: i think we should monitor the press to miinimize your invo=vement . I have continued to help the bridge project. as i tho=ght it was in your interest. we should speak for 5 minutes if =hat is not what you want. On Sat, Oct 18, 2014 at 9:33 PM, Bill Gates < » wrote: That is unfortunate for t=e people involved. I think the outstanding l=tter of credit will get called in that case which is fine.</=pan> I was willing to pay it o=f but they pushed for it to be transferred to a bank over a year ago.</=> From: jeffre= E. (mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com

**[FULL]:** ng l=tter of credit will get called in that case which is fine.</=pan> I was willing to pay it o=f but they pushed for it to be transferred to a bank over a year ago.</=> From: jeffre= E. (mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> ) Sent: Saturday, October 18, 2014 2:53 PM To: Bill Gates Subject: alice s co is filing bankruptcy, credit°r list etc please no=e The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unautho

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, October 19, 2014 9:45 AM 
To: 
Bill Gates 
Subject: 
Re: 
i think we should monitor the press to miinimize your invo=vement . I have continued to help the bridge project. as i 
tho=ght it was in your interest. we should speak for 5 minutes if =hat is not what you want. 
On Sat, Oct 18, 2014 at 9:33 PM, Bill Gates < 
» wrote: 
That is unfortunate for t=e people involved. 
I think the outstanding l=tter of credit will get called in that case which is fine.</=pan> 
I was willing to pay it o=f but they pushed for it to be transferred to a bank over a year ago.</=> 
From: jeffre= E. (mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> ) 
Sent: Saturday, October 18, 2014 2:53 PM 
To: Bill Gates 
Subject: 
alice s co is filing bankruptcy, credit°r list etc 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
EFTA_R1_01651865 
EFTA02516793

destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to 
jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01651866 
EFTA02516794

