# EFTA02511844

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** our skin doctor. .A0 hes fun On Mon, Feb 2, 2015 at 7:18 AM, > wrote: had dinner last night with cindy adams and john amd margot castimi=itis i brought up to Cindy how stupid her paper was and how is any of this=20 alleged stuff relevant WE all agreed that you are a very bright fellow =nd that Prince Andrews name was the key i said you were a good friend and =o one disparaged that fyi j please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, =ay be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and =s intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the pr

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, February 2, 2015 12:51 PM 
To: 
Jonathan Farkas 
Subject: 
Re: (no subject) 
yup 
On Mon, Feb 2, 2015 at 7:45 AM, 
wrot=: 
ttnsk as always. i saw your skin doctor.
.A0 hes fun 
On Mon, Feb 2, 2015 at 7:18 AM, 
> wrote: 
had dinner last night with cindy adams and john amd margot castimi=itis i brought up to Cindy how 
stupid her paper was and how is any of this=20 alleged stuff relevant WE all agreed that you are a very bright fellow =nd 
that Prince Andrews name was the key i said you were a good friend and =o one disparaged that fyi j 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, =ay be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and =s intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you=have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gm=il.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including al= attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/blockquote> 
EFTA_R1_01644379 
EFTA02511844

please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is 
confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If =ou have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and 
destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01644380 
EFTA02511845

