# EFTA02514247

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** est understood, timing ? . dont you think i need t= wait , or should i do it sooner rather tahn later. On Sat, Jan 10, 2015 at=3:07 PM, Thomas Jr., Landon wrote:<=r> Pikes! When the Guardian goes all in lik= this, that is serious -- ie, its not just tabloid fodder anymore. I think=its really a Prince Andrew story now. He must take his road on this and yo= must take yours. It won't be easy for you I know, but some how you nerd to change the narrative. Think of it like going to jail: a moment of pair/embarrassment that afterwards is followed by a cleansing measure of relief (ideally). http://n.t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, January 10, 2015 7:13 PM 
To: 
Thomas Jr., Landon 
Subject: 
Re: Latest 
understood, timing ? . dont you think i need t= wait , or should i do it sooner rather tahn later. 
On Sat, Jan 10, 2015 at=3:07 PM, Thomas Jr., Landon 
wrote:<=r> 
Pikes! When the Guardian goes all in lik= this, that is serious -- ie, its not just tabloid fodder anymore. I think=its 
really a Prince Andrew story now. He must take his road on this and yo= must take yours. It won't be easy for you I 
know, but some how you nerd to change the narrative. Think of it like going to jail: a moment of pair/embarrassment 
that afterwards is followed by a cleansing measure of relief (ideally). 
http://n.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/10/jeffrey-epstein-decade-scandal-prince-rndrew 
<http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/=0/jeffrey-epstein-decade-scandal-prince-andrew> 
Landon Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Reporter 
New York Times 
<=iv>http://topics.nytimes.com/top/reference/timestopi=s/people/t/landon_jr_thomas/index.html 
<http://=opics.nytimes.com/top/reference/timestopics/people/t/landon_jr_thomas/inder.html> 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
EFTA_R1_01647718 
EFTA02514247

jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01647719 
EFTA02514248

