# EFTA02530053

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=»|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|</=iv>|

---

**[WORD]:** 010 18:58:56 -0400 To: Subject: </=iv> wrote: DAvid pass this on -- to the news of the worl= and sharon churcher at the mail in new york.."the financial advisor =rrested in new york this week, Kenneth Starr, was the advisor to Lady R=thschild, and the other person indicted was her ex husband Andrew Stein .=AO Her co , firstmark holdings inc was advised by starr and had kissinger =nd Conrad Black ( also in jail ) as directors. ". T=e information contained in this communication is confidential, may be a=torney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is int=nded only for t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
ok 
On Sun, May 30, 2010 at 9:00 PM, 
Anonymously, ok ? 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Monday May 31, 2010 1:02 AM 
Re: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» 
Date: Sun 30 Ma 2010 18:58:56 -0400 
To: 
Subject: </=iv> 
wrote: 
DAvid pass this on 
-- to the news of the worl= and sharon churcher at the mail in new york.."the financial 
advisor =rrested in new york this week, Kenneth Starr, was the advisor to Lady R=thschild, and the other person indicted 
was her ex husband Andrew Stein .=AO Her co , firstmark holdings inc was advised by starr and had kissinger =nd Conrad 
Black ( also in jail ) as directors. ". 
T=e information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be a=torney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is int=nded only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or=by e-mail to je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
EFTA_R1_01672513 
EFTA02530053

the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy thi= communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01672514 
EFTA02530054

