# EFTA02350642

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Eric Gertler Sent: Friday, June 5, 2015 10:31 PM To: jeffrey E. Cc: Mortimer Zuckerman; Jeffrey Rosen; Louis Zachary Subject: Re: Thank you Jeffrey. He should contact Jeffrey Rosen or Louis Zachary at Lazard (who are co=ied here). It is quite late in the process but bes= for Andrew to connect with either of them. Hope y=u are doing well. Eric =nbsp; Eric Gertler New York NY On Jun 5, 2=15, at 6:23 PM, jeffrey E. <jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: Andrew Farkas would like to engage re the daily news.&nbs=; hope you both are well'. what should i

**[WORD]:** ouis Zachary at Lazard (who are co=ied here). It is quite late in the process but bes= for Andrew to connect with either of them. Hope y=u are doing well. Eric =nbsp; Eric Gertler New York NY On Jun 5, 2=15, at 6:23 PM, jeffrey E. <jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: Andrew Farkas would like to engage re the daily news.&nbs=; hope you both are well'. what should i tell him please note The inform=tion contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cl=ent privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only f=r the use of the addres

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eric Gertler 
Sent: 
Friday, June 5, 2015 10:31 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Cc: 
Mortimer Zuckerman; Jeffrey Rosen; Louis Zachary 
Subject: 
Re: 
Thank you Jeffrey. 
He should contact Jeffrey Rosen or Louis Zachary at Lazard (who are co=ied here). 
It is quite late in the process but bes= for Andrew to connect with either of them. 
Hope y=u are doing well. 
Eric 
=nbsp; 
Eric Gertler 
New York NY 
On Jun 5, 2=15, at 6:23 PM, jeffrey E. <jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Andrew Farkas would like to engage re the daily news.&nbs=; hope you both are well'. what should i tell him 
please note 
The inform=tion contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-cl=ent privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only f=r 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized=use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is s=rictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
comm=nication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e=mail to jeevacat=on@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof,=br>including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01328207 
EFTA02350642

