# EFTA02569866

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, May 28, 2013 10:14 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L.; David Stem david , andrew is the real estate guru and great friend= you and he should orgaznie a plan for china, he is the per=ect partner for you and our frend, a trip to china asap should be organ=ied, Andrew understands the who pays whom for what. . andrew =AO , david is your man in china

**[WORD]:** tein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, May 28, 2013 10:14 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L.; David Stem david , andrew is the real estate guru and great friend= you and he should orgaznie a plan for china, he is the per=ect partner for you and our frend, a trip to china asap should be organ=ied, Andrew understands the who pays whom for what. . andrew =AO , david is your man in china, period. ***** *05= The information conta=ned in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is th

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, May 28, 2013 10:14 AM 
To: 
Farkas, Andrew L.; David Stem 
david , andrew is the real estate guru and great friend= you and he should orgaznie a plan for china, he is the per=ect 
partner for you and our frend, a trip to china asap should be organ=ied, 
Andrew understands the who pays whom for what. . andrew =AO , david is your man in china, period. 
***** *05= 
The information conta=ned in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying=of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unla=ful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us=immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
--089e0102ddc48d265204ddc485fd-- conversation-id 255194 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1369736030 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 305658 
1 
EFTA_R1_01737374 
EFTA02569866

