# EFTA02494004

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Atlas Andrew 5"|
|To|&q=ot;Richard Kahn|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b> New Issue $25 Par: The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE: SCHW) 6.00=%- 6.125%|

---

**[WORD]:** 494005 Use of Proceeds: To support balance sheet =rowth, including the migration of certain client balances from sweep money=market funds into Schwab Bank, which may be subject to notice and/or approvals from regulators and clients.<=p> DRD/QDI Eligible: NYSE Expected</=> Today's business<=> Andrew S. Atlas=u> Financial Advisor</=> Equity Sales/Midd=e Markets Group Morgan Stanley Wealth Management4=pan> Midtown Manhattan Complex<=> 1290 Avenue of the America=, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 3 EFTA_R1_01617434 EFTA02494006 <=ont face="Arial" size="2">Important Notice to Recipients:

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, July 27, 2015 4:23 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: New Issue $25 Par. The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE: SCHW) 6.00 % -
6.125% 
2 million 
On Mon, Jul 27, 2015 at 12:19 PM, Richard Kahn
wrote: 
Please advise if you are interested and if so ho= much. 
Thank you. 
Sent from my iPhoneadiv> 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Atlas Andrew 5" 
<mailt 
Date: Ju y 27, 2015 at 11:52:33 AM EDT 
To: &q=ot;Richard Kahn 
Issuer: 
)" 
Subject:=/b> New Issue $25 Par: The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE: SCHW) 6.00=%- 6.125% 
The Charles Schwab Corpor=tion (Ticker: SCHW) 
Securities Offered: 
Series C Non-Cumulative D=positary Shares 
Size: 
$250mm (10mm shares)</=> 
EFTA_R1_01617432 
EFTA02494004

Expected Ratings: 
ESaa2/BBB/BB+ (5/5/S)</=> 
Format: 
SEC Registered<=u> 
Maturity 
Perpetual4=pan> 
Price Talk:=span style="font-size:11.0ptfont-family:"Calibri","sans-=erif";colorllf497d"> 
6.0-6.125%; Fixed for=Life 
Offer Price: 
$25.00 per depositary sha=e 
</=pan> 
Dividends:<=pan style="font-size:11.0pt;font-family:"Calibri","sans-s=rif";color:#1f497d"> 
Payable quarterly, in arr=ars, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginnin= on 
December 1, 2015. 
Optional Redemption:4=pan> 
1) in whole or in p=rt, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after I Q=A0 ], 2020. 
2) in whole but not in pa=t, at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment eve=t. *See Red 
2 
EFTA_R1_01617433 
EFTA02494005

Use of Proceeds: 
To support balance sheet =rowth, including the migration of certain client balances from sweep money=market 
funds into Schwab Bank, which may be subject to notice and/or approvals from regulators and clients.<=p> 
DRD/QDI Eligible: 
NYSE Expected</=> 
Today's business<=> 
Andrew S. Atlas=u> 
Financial Advisor</=> 
Equity Sales/Midd=e Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management4=pan> 
Midtown Manhattan Complex<=> 
1290 Avenue of the America=, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 
3 
EFTA_R1_01617434 
EFTA02494006

<=ont face="Arial" size="2">Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sa=e of any security or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such inst=uctions provided in e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this e-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC=C24> ("Morgan Stanley"). If you 
have received this communicatio= in error, please destroy all electronic and paper copies and notify the s=nder 
immediately. Erroneous transmission is not intended to waive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reser=es the 
right, to the extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor ele=tronic communications. This message is subject to 
terms available at the f=llowing link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemai=.html. If you cannot access 
this link, please notify us by reply message and we w=II send the contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley 
you co=sent to the foregoing. 
=br> 
=lease note 
The information contained in this communication is 
c=nfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside in=ormation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the =roperty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
co=munication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawf.l. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us i=mediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacatio=@gmail.com> , and 
destroy th=s communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copy=ight -all rights reserved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01617435 
EFTA02494007

