# EFTA00029844 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 22

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> n United States District Court Judge Southern District of New York 500 Pearl Street New York, NY 10007 Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, r c Laura A. Menninger ISO East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 PH 303.831.7364 EX 303.832.2628 www.hmflaw.com LMenninger@hmflaw.com Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Objection to Proposed Redactions of Government's Omnibus Response & Exhibit 5 Dear Judge Nathan: On behalf of defendant Ghislaine Maxwell, we respectfully oppose certain of the redactions proposed by the government to their Omnibus Memorandum in Opposition to the Defendant's

### Match 2
> ISO East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 PH 303.831.7364 EX 303.832.2628 www.hmflaw.com LMenninger@hmflaw.com Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Objection to Proposed Redactions of Government's Omnibus Response & Exhibit 5 Dear Judge Nathan: On behalf of defendant Ghislaine Maxwell, we respectfully oppose certain of the redactions proposed by the government to their Omnibus Memorandum in Opposition to the Defendant's Pre-Trial Motions ("Response"), submitted to the Court on February 26, 2021. Specifically, we oppose the redactions proposed by the government contained on pa

### Match 3
> n United States District Court Judge Southern District of New York 500 Pearl Street New York, NY 10007 Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, r c Laura A. Menninger ISO East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 PH 303.831.7364 EX 303.832.2628 www.hmflaw.com LMenninger@hmflaw.com Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Objection to Proposed Redactions of Government's Omnibus Response & Exhibit 5 Dear Judge Nathan: On behalf of defendant Ghislaine Maxwell, we respectfully oppose certain of the redactions proposed by the government to their Omnibus Memorandum in Opposition to the Defen

### Match 4
> ISO East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 PH 303.831.7364 EX 303.832.2628 www.hmflaw.com LMenninger@hmflaw.com Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Objection to Proposed Redactions of Government's Omnibus Response & Exhibit 5 Dear Judge Nathan: On behalf of defendant Ghislaine Maxwell, we respectfully oppose certain of the redactions proposed by the government to their Omnibus Memorandum in Opposition to the Defendant's Pre-Trial Motions ("Response"), submitted to the Court on February 26, 2021. Specifically, we oppose the redactions proposed by the government contain

### Match 5
> and Exhibit 5. The Response and its Exhibits are clearly "judicial documents" presumptively subject to the public access rights under both the common law and First Amendment. Lugosch v. Pyramid Co. of Onondaga, 435 F.3d 110, 119 (2d Cir. 2006); Brown v. Maxwell, 929 F.3d 41, 49 (2d Cir. 2019). Ms. Maxwell also specifically asserts her right to an open and public trial pursuant to the Sixth Amendment. Press-Enterprise Co. v. Superior Court (Press-Enterprise II), 478 U.S. 1, 7 (1986). Objections to Redactions Proposed on Pages 1-128 The government's proposed redactions on pages 1-128 all relate to

### Match 6
> orted investigation. The government submission thus fails to demonstrate that denial of public access is "essential to preserve higher values and is narrowly tailored to serve that interest." United States v. Aref, 533 F.3d 72, 82 (2d Cir. 2008) (quoting Press-Enterprise II, 478 U.S. at 13-14). Ms. Maxwell believes that this Court has the jurisdiction in connection with this criminal case to determine whether to keep under seal testimony that occurred before Chief Judge McMahon that gave rise to this prosecution, especially as those documents have now become "judicial documents" by virtue of the p

### Match 7
> ith this criminal case to determine whether to keep under seal testimony that occurred before Chief Judge McMahon that gave rise to this prosecution, especially as those documents have now become "judicial documents" by virtue of the pretrial motions in this case. If the Court prefers, however, Ms. Maxwell will first make application to Chief Judge McMahon to unseal those materials. Objections to Redactions Proposed on Pages 187-188 Ms. Maxwell also objects to the government's proposed redactions on pages 187-188. The language at issue there concerns a diary that Accuser-2 has publicly and repeat

### Match 8
> cution, especially as those documents have now become "judicial documents" by virtue of the pretrial motions in this case. If the Court prefers, however, Ms. Maxwell will first make application to Chief Judge McMahon to unseal those materials. Objections to Redactions Proposed on Pages 187-188 Ms. Maxwell also objects to the government's proposed redactions on pages 187-188. The language at issue there concerns a diary that Accuser-2 has publicly and repeatedly claimed supports her allegations. Importantly, Accuser-2 read from this allegedly corroborating diary on a NY Times podcast. Yet now the

### Match 9
> ts origin, incompleteness, or lack of corroborating content could now be "confidential" is unexplained by the government in its request. Certainly, Accuser-2 has not acted as though the contents are "confidential." Objections to Government's Proposed Redactions to Exhibit 5 For similar reasons, Ms. Maxwell objects to certain of the redactions proposed by the government to Exhibit 5 to their Response. The materials hig ' • ched Exhibit 5 are all very public pieces of information, at the instigation o The government has offered no explanation for their need to protect her "privacy" interests when

### Match 10
> he government's Response, the government cannot show any privacy interest in keeping those portions redacted or sealed. Objections to Government's Failure to Redact Materials Under Seal in Litigation at Pages 129-134 The government proposes, at pages 129-134, to redact only certain portions of Ms. Maxwell's sealed deposition testimony. Judge Preska has ruled that certain questions and answers are still under seal and subject to the Protective Order in the case. In Ms. Maxwell's Motions, we limited our proposed redactions to the portions of deposition testimony that Judge Preska has ruled should
