# EFTA02526568

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Andrew Nikou|
|To|jeanluc brunet achttp://|
|Sent||
|Subject|RE: <no subject>|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2009 10:37 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: FW: <no subject> Andrew --further details. do you currently have a corp that you would us= for the acqusition? , or would you want to form a new Ilc, if the going p=blic option is viable, maybe a corp makes more sense. ( all the normal add= ons anti) dilution,tag along drag along etc ) - If you want to buy oth=r agencie

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 28, 2009 10:37 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: FW: <no subject> 
Andrew --further details. do you currently have a corp that you would us= for the acqusition? , or would you want to 
form a new Ilc, if the going p=blic option is viable, maybe a corp makes more sense. ( all the normal add= ons anti) 
dilution,tag along drag along etc ) - If you want to buy oth=r agencies for paper , a higher valuation may be in our 
interest. , otherw=se you might consider assuming debt ( lc and irs ) and putting up sm=ller amount of cash. 1.5-2m. 
With the economic crisis not yet in its sprin=time. there are many things to buy 
On Wed, Oct 28, 2009 at 1:28 AM, Jean Luc Br=nel < 
 
Forwarded Message 
From: Andrew Nikou 
<http:/ 
Date: Mon, 26 Oct 2009 13:37:29 -0700 
To: jeanluc brunet achttp:// 
Subject: RE: <no subject> 
Hahahah, thanks, we all sometimes need a time out!<=r> 
Here are the answers to your questions: 
<mailto
 > wrote: 
1 — yes 
2 — no go public for now, however, we always keep the options open for th= future. 
3 — Yes 
I will call you very soon. Andrew 
Andrew Nikou 
Founder & Managing Partner 
OpenGate Capital, LLC 
1999 Avenue of the Stars I Suite 1830 
Los Angeles I CAI 90067 
Office 
I Fax 
I US Mobile 
I French Mobile 
=font size="5">P=Save a tree. Please only print t=is e-mail if it is genuinely required. 
From: Jean Luc Brunel (mailto 
=a>J 
Sent: Monday, October 26, 2009 4:32 AM 
EFTA_R1_01666852 
EFTA02526568

To: Andrew Nikou 
Subject: Re: <no subject> 
=AO Hi Andrew, 
It was=great to see you dancing like a teenager. 
I don=92t know if your brother works with you but he is also a lot of fun. 
Coming ba=k to business, as you are aware, the transaction can be structured in many=ways. 
1. 
Do you want the tax benefits? ( contract, dep=eciation, etc...) 
2. 
Do you want the possibility of taking public=later, if so. Initial transaction needs preparation 
3. 
Do you want this to be he hub of a larger ac=uisition strategy..., i.e. Do you want to buy other agencies 
for paper? 
<=pan style="font-size: llpt;">Call me to let me know how you have finishe= the evening. I have an idea as the 
blond girl with short hair was all ove= you, but I have left early. 
Best 
Jean Luc 
On 10/25/09 2:07 PM, "Andrew Nikou" 1.1
1<http://
> > 
w=ote: 
Hi Jean Luc, 
Amazing last night! I have to tell you how my night ended! 
Regarding your email. Lets talk next week. Would this assume that the new c=mpany does not take on the IRS 
liability? 
Andrew 
Andrew Nikou 
Founder & Managing Partner 
OpenGate Capital, LLC 
1999 Avenue of the Stars I Suite 1830 
Los Angeles I CA 190067 
Office 
I Fax 
I US Mobile 
I French Mobile 
P <=ont size="1">Save a tree. Please only print this e•mail if it is gen=inely required. 
From: Jean Luc Brunel [mailto 
Sent: Friday, October 23, 2009 3:06 PM 
To: Andrew Nikou 
=a>1 
2 
EFTA_R1_01666853 
EFTA02526569

Subject: <no subject> 
Hi Andrew, 
On an operating basis-yes, However, to recreatethe network,and current "a=sets",it would take 2.3 years and 
more money than that. The businesses u=ually are valued at one times revenue. Most recent sales have been a 
small=multiple of that. I am aware of the potential, as are you. If you prefer, =e can structure it as a convertible 
preferred. I look forward to hearing f=om you. 
Best 
Jean lUc 
End of Forwarded Message 
* ******* 
***** 
***** 
**•**,*********•** 
********** 
* ********** 
** 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy thi= communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01666854 
EFTA02526570

