# EFTA02414184

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|'revocation leevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Wed Dec 01 14:25:24 2010|
|Subject|Re: Dinner Thursday|

---

**[WORD]:** ation@gmail.com> To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Wed Dec 01 14:25:24 2010 Subject: Re: Dinner Thursday No , keep it small Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Dec 1. 2010. at 1:44 PM. "Peggy Siegal" wrote: I think we should invite a few more incase Charlie Rose dogs not come... Yes list: Andrew Jeffrey George Stephanopolou.s All Wentworth Woody Allen Soon-Yi Allen Charlie Rose- if he does not go to Duke to a BB game, he is coming Katie Couric. She is asking Chelsea Handler and bf Brooks Perlin. She is trying to come. If Chelsea says yes, they will come. Pending- but not likely K

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation@gmaitcomfjeeyacation©gmail.com] 
Fran: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Wed 12/1/2010 7:34:36 PM 
Subject 
Re: Dinner Thursday 
Title: Re: Dinner Thursday 
I can get Nom Ephron...she is brilliant. Nick can't come. 
— Original Message —
From: 'revocation leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Wed Dec 01 14:25:24 2010 
Subject: Re: Dinner Thursday 
No , keep it small 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 1. 2010. at 1:44 PM. "Peggy Siegal" 
wrote: 
I think we should invite a few more incase Charlie Rose dogs not come... 
Yes list: 
Andrew 
Jeffrey 
George Stephanopolou.s 
All Wentworth 
Woody Allen 
Soon-Yi Allen 
Charlie Rose- if he does not go to Duke to a BB game, he is coming 
Katie Couric. She is asking Chelsea Handler and bf Brooks Perlin. She is trying to come. If Chelsea says yes, they 
will come. 
Pending- but not likely 
Kate Winslet 
David Blaine- you are 
asking 
No- not in town 
Barry Diller 
Annie Hathaway 
Philip Roth 
Rick Stengel 
Do you want me to invite more? 
Matt Lauer 
MM.= 
Meg Ryan 
Nora Ephron/Nick Pileggi 
Woody Johnson 
Tory Burch/Lyor Cohen 
Stephen Daldry- did Billy Elliot, The Reader, The Hours...hilarious, smart 
Cynthia McFadden- nightline...she is great. 
EFTA_R1_01477079 
EFTA02414184

