# EFTA02514880

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:je=vacation@gmail.com»|
|To|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, January 3, 2015 11:04 AM To: Kathy Ruemmler Subject: Fwd: prince andrews ties to me on front cover of every lo=don newspaper. . should i comment? Forwarded message From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:je=vacation@gmail.com» Date: Sat, Jan=3, 2015 at 7:01 AM Subject: To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> I firmly acknowledge that if I had the ch

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, January 3, 2015 11:04 AM 
To: 
Kathy Ruemmler 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
prince andrews ties to me on front cover of every lo=don newspaper. . should i comment? 
 
Forwarded message 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:je=vacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Sat, Jan=3, 2015 at 7:01 AM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
I firmly acknowledge that if I had the chance to do things i= the past differently , I would hopefully show better 
judgement. =AO I have since paid my debt to society as desribed by law .I=C2 have continued full steam ahead with my 
science philanthropy ,=C2 in a modest attempt to make the world a better place. I =ave previously asked and received 
forgiveness from my family and friends a=d would hope that others would show similar compassion. =br> 
I firmly acknowledge that if I had the chance to go-back in time , I would like to believe that I would =AO hopefully 
show better judgement. I have since paid my debt to society of now decade -old crimes , as described by=C2 law.( 
having served the exact same time to the day , 13 months , =AO as every other inmate sentenced to 18 months in jail ) 
and resolving al= civil claims. I have since, continued full steam ahead in keeping with my long established history o= 
funding cutting edge science . This ,in a very modest=C2 attempt to make the world a better place. I have previously 
asked and received=20 forgiveness from my family and friends and would hope that others would show similar 
compassion. . I have made peace =ith my god, and would only hope that others would find peace with theirs.=C2 
--= 
pleas= note 
The information contained in this communication is confid=ntial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informa=ion, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the prope=ty of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communi=ation or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. 1= you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immedi=tely by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and destroy this co=munication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright=-all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01648969 
EFTA02514880

=he information contained in this communication is confidential, may be =ttorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is in=ended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEEUnauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any p=rt thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
rece=ved this communication in error, please notify us immediately by ret=rn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com cmailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication an= all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights r=served 
2 
EFTA_R1_01648970 
EFTA02514881

