# EFTA00013455 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, May 7, 2020 5:12 PM
- **Subject:** RE:

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> bt we will continue to talk regularly about MCC and our other cases together. Best, From: Ponder, J. (NY) (FBI) Sent: Thursday, May 7, 202010:53 AM To: (USANYS) Cc: (CID) (FBI) < (USANYS) Subject: Thank you for the call and the update on the Epstein investigation with regard to charging Ghislaine Maxwell. As I mentioned, MI (copied) has been chosen as the permanent ASAC for the NYO's Violent Crime/Gang Branch of the Criminal Division. =will be coordinating with you, and the rest of the team as we move forward. To rehash some of the points regarding Maxwell to get I= up to speed with the latest

### Match 2
> bt we will continue to talk regularly about MCC and our other cases together. Best, From: Ponder, J. (NY) (FBI) Sent: Thursday, May 7, 202010:53 AM To: (USANYS) Cc: (CID) (FBI) < (USANYS) Subject: Thank you for the call and the update on the Epstein investigation with regard to charging Ghislaine Maxwell. As I mentioned, MI (copied) has been chosen as the permanent ASAC for the NYO's Violent Crime/Gang Branch of the Criminal Division. =will be coordinating with you, and the rest of the team as we move forward. To rehash some of the points regarding Maxwell to get I= up to speed with th

### Match 3
> ion with regard to charging Ghislaine Maxwell. As I mentioned, MI (copied) has been chosen as the permanent ASAC for the NYO's Violent Crime/Gang Branch of the Criminal Division. =will be coordinating with you, and the rest of the team as we move forward. To rehash some of the points regarding Maxwell to get I= up to speed with the latest: SDNY is close to a final decision on charging Maxwell regarding her complicity in Epstein's sex trafficking FBI believes (as of January) that Maxwell is still living with a friend in the Boston suburb of Manchester by the Sea Confirmed by historical pen reg

### Match 4
> s the permanent ASAC for the NYO's Violent Crime/Gang Branch of the Criminal Division. =will be coordinating with you, and the rest of the team as we move forward. To rehash some of the points regarding Maxwell to get I= up to speed with the latest: SDNY is close to a final decision on charging Maxwell regarding her complicity in Epstein's sex trafficking FBI believes (as of January) that Maxwell is still living with a friend in the Boston suburb of Manchester by the Sea Confirmed by historical pen register with cell site location and subpoenas to Amazon for delivery location Since traditional

### Match 5
> coordinating with you, and the rest of the team as we move forward. To rehash some of the points regarding Maxwell to get I= up to speed with the latest: SDNY is close to a final decision on charging Maxwell regarding her complicity in Epstein's sex trafficking FBI believes (as of January) that Maxwell is still living with a friend in the Boston suburb of Manchester by the Sea Confirmed by historical pen register with cell site location and subpoenas to Amazon for delivery location Since traditional surveillance, including a pole camera, are not suitable due to the secluded location, and in ord
