# EFTA02549379

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, December 11, 2017 8:19 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: rony needs help finding the right people can y=u call him On Mon, Dec 11, 2017 at 9:12 PM, Eva Dubin < >= wrote: Good idea Please note, my email a=dress has changed to <mailto On Dec 11, 2017, at 2:33 PM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> " <jeevacation@gm

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, December 11, 2017 8:19 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: rony needs help finding the right people can y=u call him On Mon, Dec 11, 2017 at 9:12 PM, Eva Dubin < >= wrote: Good idea Please note, my email a=dress has changed to <mailto On Dec 11, 2017, at 2:33 PM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> " <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:je=vacation@gmail.com» wrote:=br> eva, I ve asked rony to set a SPECT sestamibi =cam of my parthryroi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, December 11, 2017 8:19 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
rony needs help finding the right people can y=u call him 
On Mon, Dec 11, 2017 at 9:12 PM, Eva Dubin < 
>= wrote: 
Good idea 
Please note, my email a=dress has changed to 
<mailto 
On Dec 11, 2017, at 2:33 PM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> " 
<jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:je=vacation@gmail.com» wrote:=br> 
eva, I ve asked rony to set a SPECT sestamibi =cam of my parthryroids for wednesday if possibel at 
mount sinai. =AO thoughts? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01704591 
EFTA02549379

The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--f40304377d1050aa580560163db7-- conversation-id 20487 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1513023517 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 777600 
2 
EFTA_R1_01704592 
EFTA02549380

