# EFTA00030811 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: Maxwell Press Remarks

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Cc: (USANYS)" (USANYS)" Subject: Re: Maxwell Press Remarks Date: Mon, 29 Jun 2020 17:21:11 +0000 These are great. Keeping in mind that we may have sensitivities about this exact wording, here's a humbly suggested pull quote: "Ghislaine Maxwell wasn't a bystander. And she wasn't just an enabler. She was a participant." I think with the right inflection this could be powerful. Just a thought... Sent from my iPhone On Jun 29, 2020, at 12:17 PM, (USANYS) aMINI> wrote: -Attached is a slightly revised/current version of planned remarks

### Match 2
> as a participant." I think with the right inflection this could be powerful. Just a thought... Sent from my iPhone On Jun 29, 2020, at 12:17 PM, (USANYS) aMINI> wrote: -Attached is a slightly revised/current version of planned remarks for any comments or suggestions you may have. Thanks, <Ghislaine Maxwell Press Remarks v6.docx> EFTA00030811

### Match 3
> From: To: Cc: (USANYS)" (USANYS)" Subject: Re: Maxwell Press Remarks Date: Mon, 29 Jun 2020 17:21:11 +0000 These are great. Keeping in mind that we may have sensitivities about this exact wording, here's a humbly suggested pull quote: "Ghislaine Maxwell wasn't a bystander. And she wasn't just an enabler. She was a participant." I think with the right inflection this could be powerful. Just a thought... Sent from my iPhone On Jun 29, 2020, at 12:17 PM, (USANYS) aMINI> wrote: -Attached is a slightly revised/current version of planned

### Match 4
> From: To: Cc: (USANYS)" (USANYS)" Subject: Re: Maxwell Press Remarks Date: Mon, 29 Jun 2020 17:21:11 +0000 These are great. Keeping in mind that we may have sensitivities about this exact wording, here's a humbly suggested pull quote: "Ghislaine Maxwell wasn't a bystander. And she wasn't just an enabler. She was a participant." I think with the ri
