# EFTA02423856

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff <|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Tue Aug 24 09:27:46 2010|
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey EpsteinIjeevacation@gmail.com] From: Lesley Groff Sent: Tue 8/24/2010 2:14:27 PM Subject: Andrew Farkas Please see below From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tuesday, August 24, 2010 10:05 AM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein I am taking off from montana and heading to sacramento for mtgs w/ pension funds. I will be back in nyc late tonight. Can I call later today or tomorrow or is

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey EpsteinIjeevacation@gmail.com] From: Lesley Groff Sent: Tue 8/24/2010 2:14:27 PM Subject: Andrew Farkas Please see below From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tuesday, August 24, 2010 10:05 AM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein I am taking off from montana and heading to sacramento for mtgs w/ pension funds. I will be back in nyc late tonight. Can I call later today or tomorrow or is it urgent? From: Lesley Groff < To: Farkas,

**[WORD]:** L. Sent: Tuesday, August 24, 2010 10:05 AM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein I am taking off from montana and heading to sacramento for mtgs w/ pension funds. I will be back in nyc late tonight. Can I call later today or tomorrow or is it urgent? From: Lesley Groff < To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tue Aug 24 09:27:46 2010 Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Good Morning Andrew. Jeffrey Epstein would like to speak with you...could you please give him a call when you have a moment. Thanks, leslcy EFTA_R1_01491037 EFTA02423856

**[WORD]:** ey Epstein I am taking off from montana and heading to sacramento for mtgs w/ pension funds. I will be back in nyc late tonight. Can I call later today or tomorrow or is it urgent? From: Lesley Groff < To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tue Aug 24 09:27:46 2010 Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Good Morning Andrew. Jeffrey Epstein would like to speak with you...could you please give him a call when you have a moment. Thanks, leslcy EFTA_R1_01491037 EFTA02423856

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey EpsteinIjeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Tue 8/24/2010 2:14:27 PM 
Subject: Andrew Farkas 
Please see below 
From: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Tuesday, August 24, 2010 10:05 AM 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
I am taking off from montana and heading to sacramento for mtgs w/ pension funds. I will be back in nyc 
late tonight. Can I call later today or tomorrow or is it urgent? 
From: Lesley Groff < 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Tue Aug 24 09:27:46 2010 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Good Morning Andrew. Jeffrey Epstein would like to speak with you...could you please give 
him a call when you have a moment. 
Thanks, leslcy 
EFTA_R1_01491037 
EFTA02423856

