# EFTA02425710

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: mc2

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: jeevacation©gmaitcomfleevacation@gmaitcom] From: Sent Tue 4/20/2010 4:02:31 PM Subject PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL Hi Jeff, Don't know if you received my last email. Just in case. Given what you mentioned over the phone please would you let me know how well you know Jean Luc Brunel? As I told you earlier and given everything I've read, I don't understand why you feel he's not involved in a child ctrafficking scheme? Jeff, I would like to speak with him since every story has two sides and I believe its important to hear his before I make a decision. Please can you arrange

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcomfleevacation@gmaitcom] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 4/20/2010 4:02:31 PM 
Subject 
PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL 
Hi Jeff, 
Don't know if you received my last email. Just in case. 
Given what you mentioned over the phone please would you let me know how well you know 
Jean Luc Brunel? 
As I told you earlier and given everything I've read, I don't understand why you feel he's not 
involved in a child ctrafficking scheme? 
Jeff, I would like to speak with him since every story has two sides and I believe its important to 
hear his before I make a decision. 
Please can you arrange a meeting ? I rang the agency (MC2), and they said he is out of town. 
Right now there are a lot of people (who count), pointing fingers. If you've watched TV lately 
and read the papers you know that the issue of child trafficking is taking on an unprecedented 
momentum in the US across all media outlets... 
Best, 
EFTA_R1_01494146 
EFTA02425710

