# EFTA00024788 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 13

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Cc: Subject Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Date: Fri, 10 Jul 2020 14:29:41 +0000 I just missed a call from her case manager. Fm on a court conference that's not going particularly well, so Fm not sure when I'll be off it. I'm asking my staff to look into it. Thanks >>> " 1' < > 7/10/2020 10:26 AM >> > Defense co

### Match 2
> please share with us the procedure that they should follow, so that we can make sure they understand what steps to take going forward? Thank you again for all of your help—we really appreciate it. Best, From: sc > Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 4:23 PM To: I <M c> Cc: I cz > S Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) You're welcome. Would 10 am work as a standing legal call through the end of this week (and Monday, if you think that's a good idea), in advance of the arraignment on Tuesday? However, after this, defense counsel should be required to follow the same protocols as all other

### Match 3
> call today. In addition, because defense counsel his having difficulty scheduling legal calls, it would be helpful if MDC could schedule standing calls for the rest of this week to address this issue. Thanks very much. From: st l> Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 2:36 PM To: Cc: ) Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Hi I just saw this now. Is this about the legal call issue or something separate? If it's about the legal call, I am working on it. Thanks, >> > " " < > 7/7/2020 1:27 PM >> > Hi Thanks for your help with this. Are you available now for a call? We are having a time sensit

### Match 4
> to custody today and there is a more urgent deadline. If you can please provide the name and phone number of counsel, I will do my best. Thanks, EFTA00024789 Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smanphone Original message From: " < Date: 7 6 20 7:48 PM GMT-05:00 To: Cc: >, Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) > » ' " 07/06/202019:48 > » Hi Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been a

### Match 5
> 9 Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smanphone Original message From: " < Date: 7 6 20 7:48 PM GMT-05:00 To: Cc: >, Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) > » ' " 07/06/202019:48 > » Hi Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been able to reach her. Would it be possible to allow Ms. Maxwell to make a legal call to her lawyers this evening, please? Thank you very much for your help. Ass

### Match 6
> From: To: Cc: Subject Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Date: Fri, 10 Jul 2020 14:29:41 +0000 I just missed a call from her case manager. Fm on a court conference that's not going particularly well, so Fm not sure when I'll be off it. I'm asking my staff to look into it. Thanks >>> " 1' < > 7/10/2020 10:26 AM >> > De

### Match 7
> please share with us the procedure that they should follow, so that we can make sure they understand what steps to take going forward? Thank you again for all of your help—we really appreciate it. Best, From: sc > Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 4:23 PM To: I <M c> Cc: I cz > S Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) You're welcome. Would 10 am work as a standing legal call through the end of this week (and Monday, if you think that's a good idea), in advance of the arraignment on Tuesday? However, after this, defense counsel should be required to follow the same protocols as al

### Match 8
> call today. In addition, because defense counsel his having difficulty scheduling legal calls, it would be helpful if MDC could schedule standing calls for the rest of this week to address this issue. Thanks very much. From: st l> Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 2:36 PM To: Cc: ) Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Hi I just saw this now. Is this about the legal call issue or something separate? If it's about the legal call, I am working on it. Thanks, >> > " " < > 7/7/2020 1:27 PM >> > Hi Thanks for your help with this. Are you available now for a call? We are having a tim

### Match 9
> to custody today and there is a more urgent deadline. If you can please provide the name and phone number of counsel, I will do my best. Thanks, EFTA00024789 Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smanphone Original message From: " < Date: 7 6 20 7:48 PM GMT-05:00 To: Cc: >, Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) > » ' " 07/06/202019:48 > » Hi Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not

### Match 10
> 9 Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smanphone Original message From: " < Date: 7 6 20 7:48 PM GMT-05:00 To: Cc: >, Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) > » ' " 07/06/202019:48 > » Hi Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been able to reach her. Would it be possible to allow Ms. Maxwell to make a legal call to her lawyers this evening, please? Thank you very much for your he
