# EFTA00026826 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf速ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf速ca2.uscourts.gov>.
- **To:** <1
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 20-2413

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> iewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 10/09/2020 Case Name: v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-2413 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION ORDER, letter requesting re-augment of argument time is GRANTED [132] filed by Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. [2949579][138] [20-2413] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Deputy Clerk Quality Control I EFTA00026826 The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document Description: Motion Order FILED Original Filename: .p

### Match 2
> iewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 10/09/2020 Case Name: v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-2413 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION ORDER, letter requesting re-augment of argument time is GRANTED [132] filed by Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. [2949579][138] [20-2413] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Deputy Clerk Quality Control I EFTA00026826 The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document Description: Motion Order FILED Original Filen

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf速ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf速ca2.uscourts.gov>. To: <1 Subject: 20-2413 v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED" Date: Fri, 09 Oct 2020 20:04:58 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electronically,

### Match 4
> is required by law or directed by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 10/09/2020 Case Name: v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-2413 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION ORDER, letter requesting re-augment of argument time is GRANTED [132] filed by Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. [2949579][138] [20-2413] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for:
