# EFTA02443192

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Cc: curtis ro sten , silvina royston - Le From n l asso an Sent Fri 6/5/2009 10:57:30 PM Subject LSJ Project update jeffrey epstein[jeevacation©gmail.comj Dear Jeffrey: Andrew As you know, I am off to SE Asia in a few hours. We continue to work on the project, as there is still a lot to do to bring the project to a full schematic level. Mid next week Andrew will send you and Curtis/Silvina and Warrick Wicksman at Gensler the following in the mail (as some of the fil

**[WORD]:** t Fri 6/5/2009 10:57:30 PM Subject LSJ Project update jeffrey epstein[jeevacation©gmail.comj Dear Jeffrey: Andrew As you know, I am off to SE Asia in a few hours. We continue to work on the project, as there is still a lot to do to bring the project to a full schematic level. Mid next week Andrew will send you and Curtis/Silvina and Warrick Wicksman at Gensler the following in the mail (as some of the files are too large to email): The schematic CAD files - floor and roof plans, some major sections, and all four elevations of the building. The structural and mechanical engineers should b

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Cc: 
curtis ro sten 
, silvina royston - 
Le 
From 
n 
l
asso
an 
Sent 
Fri 6/5/2009 10:57:30 PM 
Subject LSJ Project update 
jeffrey epstein[jeevacation©gmail.comj 
Dear Jeffrey: 
Andrew 
As you know, I am off to SE Asia in a few hours. 
We continue to work on the project, as there is still a lot to do to bring the project to a full 
schematic level. 
Mid next week Andrew will send you and Curtis/Silvina and Warrick Wicksman at Gensler the 
following in the mail (as some of the files are too large to email): 
The schematic CAD files - floor and roof plans, some major sections, and all four elevations 
of the building. The structural and mechanical engineers should be able to give us an idea about 
the structure and mechanical systems, so that they can be considered before we go further. Wall 
sections will be shown in grey: they are usually about 3 ft thick - dictated by the proportional 
system but would of-course consist of structural elements; and ceilings, etc. are indicated in the 
same manner. 
A preliminary island site plan for guidance only. 
An updated sketch-up model as a guide to the current design. 
I believe that the major elements of the scheme are in place. 
I will check all the proportions, openings, etc. in detail as we now have the rooms sized and 
placed. Project refinement continues based on your comments. 
We will seriously start working on the interiors. We will work on the interior and exterior 
elevations, and the spaces themselves in hand sketches, elevations, sections, reflected ceiling 
plans, and other 3D renderings. 
I will only be able to access my email periodically, but please do let me know if you need 
anything. 
I return at the end of the month. 
With kind regards, 
Hasan 
EFTA_R1_01518472 
EFTA02443192

