# EFTA00030934 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 23

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> COHEN & GRESSER LLP December 28, 2020 BY EMAIL. United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Dear Counsel: 800 Third Pianos New York, NY 10022 ♦1 212 957 7600 phono www colsmipossoo corn On behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, we hereby request that the government file a Bill of Particulars pursuant to Rule 7(f) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. Please

### Match 2
> BY EMAIL. United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Dear Counsel: 800 Third Pianos New York, NY 10022 ♦1 212 957 7600 phono www colsmipossoo corn On behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, we hereby request that the government file a Bill of Particulars pursuant to Rule 7(f) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. Please let us know by January 4, 2021 whether it will be necessary to raise any aspect of this request with the Court. We request clarification of the allegations

### Match 3
> COHEN & GRESSER LLP December 28, 2020 BY EMAIL. United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Dear Counsel: 800 Third Pianos New York, NY 10022 ♦1 212 957 7600 phono www colsmipossoo corn On behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, we hereby request that the government file a Bill of Particulars pursuant to Rule 7(f) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure

### Match 4
> BY EMAIL. United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Dear Counsel: 800 Third Pianos New York, NY 10022 ♦1 212 957 7600 phono www colsmipossoo corn On behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, we hereby request that the government file a Bill of Particulars pursuant to Rule 7(f) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. Please let us know by January 4, 2021 whether it will be necessary to raise any aspect of this request with the Court. We request clarification of the alle

### Match 5
> ment file a Bill of Particulars pursuant to Rule 7(f) of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. Please let us know by January 4, 2021 whether it will be necessary to raise any aspect of this request with the Court. We request clarification of the allegations specified below in order to permit Ms. Maxwell to prepare her defense and avoid unfair surprise at trial. See United States v. Bortnovsky, 820 F.2d 572, 574 (2d Cir. 1987). The Superseding Indictment does not sufficiently inform Ms. Maxwell of the specific conduct of which she is accused. Accordingly, we request the following particulars re

### Match 6
> equest with the Court. We request clarification of the allegations specified below in order to permit Ms. Maxwell to prepare her defense and avoid unfair surprise at trial. See United States v. Bortnovsky, 820 F.2d 572, 574 (2d Cir. 1987). The Superseding Indictment does not sufficiently inform Ms. Maxwell of the specific conduct of which she is accused. Accordingly, we request the following particulars regarding the indicated paragraphs of the Superseding Indictment: I. Please provide the full names and full birthdays of the individuals identified in the Superseding Indictment as Minor Victims-1

### Match 7
> llowing particulars regarding the indicated paragraphs of the Superseding Indictment: I. Please provide the full names and full birthdays of the individuals identified in the Superseding Indictment as Minor Victims-1-3 7, II, 13, 17, 19). 2. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly met and/or interacted with Minor Victim-1 7a). 3. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly "groomed" Minor Victim-1 "to engage in sexual acts with Epstein" (¶ 7a). 4. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Jeffrey Epstein allegedly sexu

### Match 8
> l birthdays of the individuals identified in the Superseding Indictment as Minor Victims-1-3 7, II, 13, 17, 19). 2. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly met and/or interacted with Minor Victim-1 7a). 3. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly "groomed" Minor Victim-1 "to engage in sexual acts with Epstein" (¶ 7a). 4. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Jeffrey Epstein allegedly sexually abused Minor Victim-1 7a). EFTA00030934 December 28, 2020 Page 2 5. Please identify the dates when, and locations whe

### Match 9
> egedly "groomed" Minor Victim-1 "to engage in sexual acts with Epstein" (¶ 7a). 4. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Jeffrey Epstein allegedly sexually abused Minor Victim-1 7a). EFTA00030934 December 28, 2020 Page 2 5. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Ms. Maxwell allegedly "was present for and involved in" Epstein's sexual abuse of Minor Victim-1 (¶ 7a). 6. Please identify the dates when, and locations where, Minor Victim-1 participated in "group sexualized massages" of Epstein (1 7a). 7. Please describe with particularity the conduct that the governmen

### Match 10
> ges" of Epstein (1 7a). 7. Please describe with particularity the conduct that the government contends is a "group sexualized massage" and identify the criminal statute(s) the conduct allegedly violates and the other participants in those massages 7a). 8. Please describe with particularity how Ms. Maxwell allegedly "involved" Minor Victim-1 in these massages and how Ms. Maxwell allegedly participated in these massages (¶ 7a). 9. Please identify the dates when Minor Victim-1 allegedly traveled "across state lines for the purpose of sexual encounters with Epstein" (¶ 7a). 10. Please identify the
