# EFTA02636488

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** has be=n opened at Morgan Stanley and will be funded today with approximately 2,16=,000 from db caterpillar trust. Ri=hard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc.<=div> 575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor <=iv st le="direction:inherit">New York, NY 10022 Phon' Fa Cel Begin forwarded message: From: "Atlas, Andrew 5" Date: March 18, 2019 at 10:18:20 AM MDT To= Richard Kahn <mailto Subject: RE: New Accoun= Setup, Please Complete your Online Registration EFTA_R1_01865681 EFTA02636488 Hi Rich, &nb=p; I hope all=is well. &nb=p; The Butter=ly Trust is open and ready to be funded. &nb=p; Wire In=truct

**[WORD]:** York, NY 10043.0001</=> ABA: For Ben=fit Of: Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC Benefic=ary Account: For Fur=her Credit to: / The 2013 Butterfly Trust = &nb=p; Also, plea=e complete the Online Registration so we can participate in Syndicate offer=ngs. &nb=p; Thanks aga=n, Andrewau> &nb=p; Andrew S. Atlasq=> Senior Vice Presiden= Equity Sales/Middl= Markets Group Financial Advisor 2 EFTA_R1_01865682 EFTA02636489 Morgan Stanley Wealth Managemen= 1290 Avenue of the Amerkas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 target="_blank">mailto Tel/Direct: I Fax: <mailt NMLS ID t$ => &nb=p; Fr

**[WORD]:** or 2 EFTA_R1_01865682 EFTA02636489 Morgan Stanley Wealth Managemen= 1290 Avenue of the Amerkas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 target="_blank">mailto Tel/Direct: I Fax: <mailt NMLS ID t$ => &nb=p; From: Richard Kahn (<= href="mailto Sent: Wednesday, March 13, 2019 3:33 PM To: Atlas, Andrew S (Wealth Management Field) Subject: Fwd: New Account Setup, Please Complete your Online Registra=ion i will wait to set up until you confirm we are good t= go.. thanks Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 tel fa ce Begin forwarded message:

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Monday, March 18, 2019 4:39 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: New Account Setup, Please Complete your Online Registration 
Paul's account was in name of alpha=group. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexing=on Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 1=022 
Phone 
Fax 
Cell 
On Mar 18, 2019, a= 10:34 AM, J <jeevacation@gmail=com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
=div dir="ltr">ok, try to enjoy your vacation = how did paul barrets account shield us. . ? im goi=g to meet 
with QNB people this week. 
On Mon, Mar 18, 2019 at 12:33 PM Ri=hard Kahn 
<mailto
> > wrote: 
Good news. Butterfly trust brokerage account has be=n opened at Morgan Stanley and will be funded 
today with approximately 2,16=,000 from db caterpillar trust. 
Ri=hard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc.<=div> 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
<=iv st le="direction:inherit">New York, NY 10022 
Phon' 
Fa 
Cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Atlas, Andrew 5" 
Date: March 18, 2019 at 10:18:20 AM MDT 
To= Richard Kahn 
<mailto 
Subject: RE: New Accoun= Setup, Please Complete your Online Registration 
EFTA_R1_01865681 
EFTA02636488

Hi Rich, 
&nb=p; 
I hope all=is well. 
&nb=p; 
The Butter=ly Trust is open and ready to be funded. 
&nb=p; 
Wire In=tructions 
Bank: C=tibank, 111 Wall Street, New York, NY 10043.0001</=> 
ABA: 
For Ben=fit Of: Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC 
Benefic=ary Account: 
For Fur=her Credit to: 
/ The 2013 Butterfly Trust = 
&nb=p; 
Also, plea=e complete the Online Registration so we can participate in Syndicate 
offer=ngs. 
&nb=p; 
Thanks aga=n, 
Andrewau> 
&nb=p; 
Andrew S. Atlasq=> 
Senior Vice Presiden= 
Equity Sales/Middl= Markets Group 
Financial Advisor 
2 
EFTA_R1_01865682 
EFTA02636489

Morgan Stanley Wealth Managemen= 
1290 Avenue of the Amerkas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 
target="_blank">mailto 
Tel/Direct: 
I Fax: 
<mailt 
NMLS ID t$ 
=> 
&nb=p; 
From: Richard Kahn (<= href="mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, March 13, 2019 3:33 PM 
To: Atlas, Andrew S (Wealth Management Field) 
Subject: Fwd: New Account Setup, Please Complete your Online Registra=ion 
i will wait to set up until you confirm we are good t= go.. 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel
fa 
ce 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
<mailto 
> > 
Subject: Fwd: New Account Setup, Please Complete your=Online Registration 
Date: 
3 
EFTA_R1_01865683 
EFTA02636490

To 
<mailto 
Hi Rich, 
Do you know what is it 
Thank you, 
Bella 
a> 
Tel: &n=sp; cmailto 
Begin forwarded message: 
> > 
From: 
<mailto 
Subject: New Account Setup, Please Complete your Onli=e Registration 
Date: 
To: a=
 cmailto
<https://=ww.morganstanleyclientserv.com/publiccontent/images/edelivery/mslogo_redesi=n.jpg> 
You are receiving this email because you requested=online access. 
Please note, you are required to complete your registration to enable online=access. 
4 
EFTA_R1_01865684 
EFTA02636491

chttps://login.morganstanleyclientserv.com/ux/=nrollment/ValidateBranchUser/65130818411661C8A7413558ED4800A 
48DDAO9DC1DF6F5=8018B6CAD559587F8AE9B51F78390C198> 
Download the Morgan Stanley Mobile App for faster access to your a=count information 
Pay bills and transfer funds quickly and securelyq=pan> 
Place and manage online trading orders 
Access the latest research, news, company quotes and more<=> 
morganstanley.com/online and click the "Create a username" link or contact the Client Se=vice Center at 1-888-454-
3965 <tel:+1-888-454-3965> <=pan class="gmail-m_1911128285308274518apple-converted-space"> 1-801-617-9150 
<tel:+1=801-617-9150> . If you have questions about your account, please contact your Financial Adv=sor or Private 
Wealth Advisor. 
Please do not reply to this email. Instead, contact us at 1-888-454-3965 <tel:+1=888-454-3965> . 
5 
EFTA_R1_01865685 
EFTA02636492

© Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. Member SIPC. 
<https://www.morganstanleyclientserv.com/publi=content/images/edelivery/event.gif> 
If=you would like to unsubscribe from marketing e-mails from Morgan Stanley Wealth Management, you may do so here 
<http://pages.msmail.morganstanley.com/p=ge.aspx?QS=330c754 b5e92df74aafedc1c468bcd6dd814cd3df3d93894&So 
urce==utlook> . Please note,=you will still receive service e-mails from Morgan Stanley Wealth Management. 
NOT=CE: Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or view= contained herein are not 
intended to be, and do not constitute, advice withi= the meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform 
and Consumer=20 Protection Act. If you have received this communication in error, please des=roy all electronic and 
paper copies and notify the sender immediately. Mistransmission is not intended to waive confidentiality or privilege. 
Morga= Stanley reserves the right, to the extent required and/or permitted under =applicable law, to monitor electronic 
communications, including telephone ca=ls with Morgan Stanley personnel. This message is subject to the Morgan 
Stanley=20 General Disclaimers available at the following link: http:=/www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers 
<http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers> . If you cannot access the link=, please notify us by reply message and 
we will send the contents to you. By =communicating with Morgan Stanley you acknowledge that you have read, 
unders=and and consent, (where applicable), to the foregoing and the Morgan Stanley Gen=ral Disclaimers. 
<=r> 
&=bsp; 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, m=y constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of t=e addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure o= copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibite= and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in erro=, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, a=d destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all at=achments. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
6 
EFTA_R1_01865686 
EFTA02636493

