# EFTA02282087

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|To||
|Sent|Monday, April 8, 2019 7:17 AM|
|Subject|FW: Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** To: From: Sent Mon 4/8/2019 5:41:17 PM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Great. Confirmed Sent from my iPhone On Apr 8, 2019, at 1:39 PM, Yes, please! Thank you! From: Sent: Monday, April 8, 2019 12:18 PM To Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein wrote: YES! 3pm today works! Should Jeffrey call Andrew in the office? On A r 8, 2019, at 10:21 AM wrote: So sorry, it looks like they didn't get connected this weekend? 0 Any chance Jeffrey is free at 3pm ET today? From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Monday, April 8, 2019 7:17 AM To: Cc: Dowling, David Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein Pls schedule wi

**[WORD]:** ay, April 8, 2019 12:18 PM To Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein wrote: YES! 3pm today works! Should Jeffrey call Andrew in the office? On A r 8, 2019, at 10:21 AM wrote: So sorry, it looks like they didn't get connected this weekend? 0 Any chance Jeffrey is free at 3pm ET today? From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Monday, April 8, 2019 7:17 AM To: Cc: Dowling, David Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein Pls schedule with him this week. Also, we have to make sure I call the other people in my Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls organize brief calla for me on that front. Th

**[WORD]:** le with him this week. Also, we have to make sure I call the other people in my Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls organize brief calla for me on that front. Thx. Sent with BlackBeny Work (www.blackberry.com) From: Date: Friday, Apr 05, 2019, 5:27 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. EFTA_R1_01103368 EFTA02282087 Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! Hope all is well. Sent from my iPhone This m

**[WORD]:** in my Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls organize brief calla for me on that front. Thx. Sent with BlackBeny Work (www.blackberry.com) From: Date: Friday, Apr 05, 2019, 5:27 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. EFTA_R1_01103368 EFTA02282087 Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! Hope all is well. Sent from my iPhone This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusivel

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 4/8/2019 5:41:17 PM 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Great. Confirmed 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 8, 2019, at 1:39 PM, 
Yes, please! Thank you! 
From: 
Sent: Monday, April 8, 2019 12:18 PM 
To 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
wrote: 
YES! 3pm today works! Should Jeffrey call Andrew in the office? 
On A r 8, 2019, at 10:21 AM 
wrote: 
So sorry, it looks like they didn't get connected this weekend? 
0
 
Any chance Jeffrey is free at 3pm ET today? 
From: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Monday, April 8, 2019 7:17 AM 
To: 
Cc: Dowling, David 
Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein 
Pls schedule with him this week. Also, we have to make sure I call the 
other people in my Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. 
Davis, pls organize brief calla for me on that front. Thx. 
Sent with BlackBeny Work 
(www.blackberry.com)
From: 
Date: Friday, Apr 05, 2019, 5:27 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
EFTA_R1_01103368 
EFTA02282087

Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you 
like to set a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience 
during that time? Let me know! 
Hope all is well. 
Sent from my iPhone 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for 
the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may 
contain information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a 
confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, 
disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in 
error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. 
Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its 
affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island 
Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using 
this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance 
thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please 
contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital 
Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01103369 
EFTA02282088

