# EFTA00024928 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 19

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> 212-243-1100 • Main 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor 917-306-6666 • Cell New York, New York 10011 888-587-4737 • Fax bc@sternhelmlaw.com April 29, 2021 Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Judge United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Judge Nathan: USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 4/29/21 During oral argument of Ghislaine Maxwell's bail appeal before the Circuit, Ms. Maxwell's appellate counsel expressed concern that she was improperly deprived of sleep while detained

### Match 2
> Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Judge United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Judge Nathan: USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 4/29/21 During oral argument of Ghislaine Maxwell's bail appeal before the Circuit, Ms. Maxwell's appellate counsel expressed concern that she was improperly deprived of sleep while detained in the MDC, an issue that has been raised in filings before this Court. In its brief denial of her appeal, the Circuit stated: "To the extent Appellant see

### Match 3
> 212-243-1100 • Main 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor 917-306-6666 • Cell New York, New York 10011 888-587-4737 • Fax bc@sternhelmlaw.com April 29, 2021 Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Judge United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Judge Nathan: USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 4/29/21 During oral argument of Ghislaine Maxwell's bail appeal before the Circuit, Ms. Maxwell's appellate counsel expressed concern that she was improperly deprived of sleep while d

### Match 4
> Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Judge United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Judge Nathan: USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 4/29/21 During oral argument of Ghislaine Maxwell's bail appeal before the Circuit, Ms. Maxwell's appellate counsel expressed concern that she was improperly deprived of sleep while detained in the MDC, an issue that has been raised in filings before this Court. In its brief denial of her appeal, the Circuit stated: "To the extent Appel

### Match 5
> at has been raised in filings before this Court. In its brief denial of her appeal, the Circuit stated: "To the extent Appellant seeks relief specific to her sleeping conditions, such request should be addressed to the District Court." See Exhibit A. We press our concerns regarding disruption of Ms. Maxwell's sleep and the deleterious effect sleep deprivation is having on her health, well-being, and ability to prepare for and withstand trial. Ms. Maxwell continues to be disrupted throughout the night by guards shining a flash/strobe light into her cell, claiming that her breathing must be checked.

### Match 6
> to her sleeping conditions, such request should be addressed to the District Court." See Exhibit A. We press our concerns regarding disruption of Ms. Maxwell's sleep and the deleterious effect sleep deprivation is having on her health, well-being, and ability to prepare for and withstand trial. Ms. Maxwell continues to be disrupted throughout the night by guards shining a flash/strobe light into her cell, claiming that her breathing must be checked. The myth that Ms. Maxwell's conditions of confinement are related to her being a suicide risk was laid to rest during the oral argument: There is noth

### Match 7
> t by guards shining a flash/strobe light into her cell, claiming that her breathing must be checked. The myth that Ms. Maxwell's conditions of confinement are related to her being a suicide risk was laid to rest during the oral argument: There is nothing to support that contrived claim. In fact, Ms. Maxwell is classified with the standard CC1-Mh designation: inmate with no significant mental health care. (See Dkt. 159 at 3.) Contrary to the report that Ms. Maxwell "wears an eye mask when she sleeps" (Dkt. 196 at 4), an item neither available for purchase through MDC commissary nor provided to her,

### Match 8
> lated to her being a suicide risk was laid to rest during the oral argument: There is nothing to support that contrived claim. In fact, Ms. Maxwell is classified with the standard CC1-Mh designation: inmate with no significant mental health care. (See Dkt. 159 at 3.) Contrary to the report that Ms. Maxwell "wears an eye mask when she sleeps" (Dkt. 196 at 4), an item neither available for purchase through MDC commissary nor provided to her, she resorts to using a sock or towel to cover her eyes in an awkward attempt to shield them from disrupting illumination every 15 minutes. Last night, she was c

### Match 9
> ronted by MDC staff due a visible bruise over her left eye. The "black eye" is depicted in Exhibit B. Despite 24/7 camera surveillance (except when guards elect to exert authority in an intimidating way off-camera, as they did in Saturday's bathroom incident), no guard addressed the bruise until Ms. Maxwell, who has no mirror, caught a reflection of her aching eye in the glean of a nail clipper. At that point, MDC staff confronted Ms. Maxwell regarding the source of the bruise, threatening to place her in the SHU if she did not reveal how she got it. While Ms. Maxwell is unaware of the cause of th

### Match 10
> cept when guards elect to exert authority in an intimidating way off-camera, as they did in Saturday's bathroom incident), no guard addressed the bruise until Ms. Maxwell, who has no mirror, caught a reflection of her aching eye in the glean of a nail clipper. At that point, MDC staff confronted Ms. Maxwell regarding the source of the bruise, threatening to place her in the SHU if she did not reveal how she got it. While Ms. Maxwell is unaware of the cause of the bruise, as reported to medical and psych staff, she has grown increasingly reluctant to report information to the guards for fear of reta
