# EFTA02527614

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Andrew Nikou|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|RE: <no subject>.|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: S009 8:25 PM To: Subject: Re: Fw: <no subject> Andrew, The economy is looking up, the opportunities are many. If you ar= serious. lets do something together, it should be easy. My discipline =s to have all negotiations via an email trail. so that there is never a mi=understanding on either side. Look forward to hearing from you. On Fri, Nov 6, 2009

**[WORD]:** erious. lets do something together, it should be easy. My discipline =s to have all negotiations via an email trail. so that there is never a mi=understanding on either side. Look forward to hearing from you. On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 11:32 AM, 8ip; wrote: Sent via BlackBerry f=om T-Mobile From: Andrew Nikou Da To Subject: RE: <no subject>. Hey Jean Luc, Lets chat soon? Best, Andrew Andrew Nikou Founder & Managing Partner OpenGate Capital, LLC 1999 Avenue of the Stars I Suite 1830 Los Angeles I CA 190067 =gt; EFTA_R1_01668324 EFTA02527614 =span style="font-size: 18pt; font-family:

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
S009 
8:25 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: <no subject> 
Andrew, The economy is looking up, the opportunities are many. If you ar= serious. lets do something together, it 
should be easy. My discipline =s to have all negotiations via an email trail. so that there is never a mi=understanding on 
either side. Look forward to hearing from you. 
On Fri, Nov 6, 2009 at 11:32 AM, 
8ip; wrote: 
Sent via BlackBerry f=om T-Mobile 
From: Andrew Nikou 
Da 
To 
Subject: RE: <no subject>. 
Hey Jean Luc, 
Lets chat soon? 
Best, Andrew 
Andrew Nikou 
Founder & Managing Partner 
OpenGate Capital, LLC 
1999 Avenue of the Stars I Suite 1830 
Los Angeles I CA 190067 
=gt; 
EFTA_R1_01668324 
EFTA02527614

=span style="font-size: 18pt; font-family: Webdings; color: rgb(0, 127, 0=;">P Save=a tree. Please only print this 
e-mail if it is genuinely required. 
From:=s an st le="font-size: 10pt;"> Jean Luc Brune 
Sent: Thursday, October 29, 2009 4:42 PM 
To: Andrew Nikou 
Subject: <no subject> 
Hi Andrew 
=A0 
Further details on our last conversation. Do you currently have a corp that you 
wou=d use for the acquisition? , or would you want to form a new Ilc, if the goin= public option is viable, maybe a corp 
makes more sense. ( all the normal ad=- ons antil dilution,tag along drag along etc ) - If you want to buy other agencies 
for paper, a higher valuation may be in our interest. , otherwise=you might consider assuming debt ( lc and irs ) and 
putting up smaller amount of cash. 1.5-2m. With the economic crisis not yet in its springtime. there are many things to 
buy. 
=A0 
enough to do it on the phone 
Take care 
Jean luc 
I shall be back in NY on Thursday and will speak with Megane. I don't know =er 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy thi= communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01668325 
EFTA02527615

