# EFTA02497531

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj|
|To|Noam Chomsky|
|Sent|Monday, June 22, 2015 12:06 AM|
|Subject|Re: Re:|

---

**[ORG]:** gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, June 20, 2015 12:10 PM To: Noam Chomsky Subject: Re: Re: I think you might try to plan on late september, , taking my apt and spending a few days with valeria in the city, As it is the openiing of the UN general assembly , as well as the Clinton global initiative New york is rife with people with at least influence, if not new ideas. . I , we. can organize many fun interactions. my house becomes a respite for the select few, to take off their ties , and talk openly. You would be welcome to join as many create or participate as you prefer

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Noam Chomsky 
Sent: 
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 4:29 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Cc: 
Subject: 
RE: Re: 
I wouldn't dare to run the show for money 101, but I'm sure I would learn a lot by sitting in. 
It's true that grammars stand outside of time, a fact that many linguists and psychologists don't understand. There are 
suggestions of something like a "universal UG," though not couched in just these terms. Notably Michael Sherman's 
theory that a universal genome appeared at about the time of the Cambrian explosion, and all forms of life are minor 
variants of it. 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Monday, June 22, 2015 12:06 AM 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Subject: Re: Re: 
1. dont you have any questions about money, . ? ? finance. . ? I owe you some knowledge . 
2 .to say the shape can be" decribed " by language is redundant. 
the "shape" is the metaphor for an n-dimentional object , it stands outside of time. as do grammars , but sentences do 
not, they require time. 
the shape is somewhat like a fitness landscape? contrasted with communication which also 
requires a time dimension and biololgy that needs and uses energy . I suggest the mammal Ug is a subcategory of all 
UG.s . and that as biology prefers redundancy . the other modules, ie vision are small distortions of it. 
3. during that UN period I often give a " money 101 to world leaders who have in many case. . little knowledge of a 
subject to which they give many speeches and policy directives , as they only have experinces such as that of a 
general , a politicitain, in some instancees a disk jockey, before having to run their country. I would love to consider 
some of what you thought was " fair " . with regard. allocations. if you were running the show. 
On Sun, Jun 21, 2015 at 11:13 PM, Noam Chomsky 
> wrote: 
I follow up to the point where you write "the organizing principle of the shape is language..." No doubt it can 
(partially) be described in language, but that's not what you mean. 
EFTA_R1_01622488 
EFTA02497531

Zipf's law is a rank-frequency distribution. And also meaningless, as Mandelbrot showed 60 years ago. I hope 
Yang is clear about this. He surely knows. 
Noam 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, June 21, 2015 2:48 PM 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Subject: Re: Re: 
it is my failing not yours. the old math requires numbers . too limiting. ( we can put a metric overlay on later 
in the chain) imagine a shape in real space. it is readily apparent if a line either fits on the shape or not . how do you 
know. ? you compare the line with the shape. your visual system allows the mental shape to either map onto or not 
onto the shape in a coherent manner. the shape is not an input device ,it is an object . the organizing principle of the 
shape is language, the shape is a collection of grammars. lines on the shape are either coherent or not. coherent ones 
are legitimate sentences . 
yang is flexible in his use of the term probability.. for example he in a number of papers refers to zipf as a 
probabiltiy distribution. i have checked a number of his papers after your last remark, I think it is a mistake. he 
means that after empirical measurement . for ex word frequency, . if ten times out of 100 the corpus has the word x. 
then he describes the probablility of finding the word as 10 percent . this is not correct. it is only the probablity of 
finding the word in the frequency list . but he is very accomplished at mathematical models. 
On Sun, Jun 21, 2015 at 1:03 PM, Noam Chomsky 
wrote: 
Interesting image, but I don't see what it tells us about language. 
The problem looks to me like this, roughly. 
Take, say, the human visual system. There's a genetic component that determines that humans will 
have a mammalian and not an insect visual system, and much else. Same with other subsystems of the organism — 
"organs," "modules." Language in particular. The technical name for this component, whatever it turns out to be, is UG. 
UG therefore determines that certain systems are possible I-languages for humans, others are not. I presume that is 
what the "biological organizing principle" for language is. It's plainly not an input system, though it determines possible 
input systems for human languages. I don't see how we improve understanding by looking at it from this perspective. 
A minor technical problem, not serious, has to do with distinguishing digital infinity from continuity, like 
continuous lines on the surface of a hemisphere. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01622489 
EFTA02497532

I think you'll find Yang interesting. 
Noam 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> ] 
Sent: Saturday, June 20, 2015 10:52 PM 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Subject: Re: Re: 
1.1 will wait on valeria. we can craft a fun few days 
2, try this on but only if you get a moment , i know you are busy 
it appear to me that ""language" can be defined as the biological organizing principle that creates a 
shape space. "coherent sentences " are defined as those that fit on the shape. The projections on the sensory motors, 
allows communication. . There are an infinite digital number of sentences.that do fit on the shape , but orders of 
magnitude more, that do not fit.- to attempt a naive representation, imagine a hemisphere, ( symmetric), any 
continuous line drawn on its surface , is a sentence. there are infinite numbers of lines that can be drawn. however, 
trying to connect two points , directly without traversing the hemishpere is also infinitely possible but most solutions 
need to leave the surface. The principle that organizes the shape is NOT an input device. one can map inputs onto the 
shape but it is not THE shape , ex, a hemisphere bowl in 3 space, analogy, one can put marbles in the bowl and they 
will map a path to the bottom. but the shape of the bowl . determines how fast they move, and in which direction, . the 
shape of the bowl is the language. there is a shape for vision as well. . it exists without input, certain paths are more 
probable etc. 
3. I will contact Yang 
On Sat, Jun 20, 2015 at 10:41 PM, Noam Chomsky 
wrote: 
Valeria's not here right now, so will have to check with her about late September. Really 
intriguing possibilities, and a delightful offer. 
On Yang, I read his work quite differently. He does make use of word frequencies and 
probability distributions, but as far as I am aware in pretty straightforward and innocuous ways. And he's quite 
sophisticated about these matters. Smart and interesting guy. You might want to contact him directly. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01622490 
EFTA02497533

I don't recall his using Zipf's "laws," but it wouldn't matter much. Mandelbrot showed back in 
the '50s that they were a statistical artifact, near meaningless. I was, incidentally, surprised to see how he dealt with 
this result in his autobiography. I think he called it his "Keplerian moment," or something like that. 
Noam 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, June 20, 2015 12:10 PM 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Subject: Re: Re: 
I think you might try to plan on late september, , taking my apt and spending a few days with 
valeria in the city, As it is the openiing of the UN general assembly , as well as the Clinton global initiative New york is 
rife with people with at least influence, if not new ideas. . I , we. can organize many fun interactions. my house 
becomes a respite for the select few, to take off their ties , and talk openly. You would be welcome to join as many 
create or participate as you prefer. yangs work deals with language as signals . his reliance on Zipf like distributions is 
a good example of naive probablities.. empirically zipf appears. but cannot be derived from any of his or anyones elses 
to date. so somewhat misleading to suggest the" probililty of word , x appearing, " it is the mistake of frequency vs 
probablity, and careless common usage. 
On Sat, Jun 20, 2015 at 11:44 AM, Noam Chomsky < 
> wrote: 
Sounds like a most interesting person. And someone it would be very interesting to talk 
to. I presume he spends time in NY. Hope we can work it out. 
Would be interested in learning more about your critique of the use of probability in 
language work, mostly by computational cognitive scientists, as far as I know. I've written critiques of it too, but on 
different grounds: failure to account for what they are trying to show, or even to understand the issue. There are, I 
think, some notable exceptions, like the recent work of Charles Yang, one of Bob Berwick's students. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Saturday, June 20, 2015 8:22 AM 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Subject: Re: 
4 
EFTA_R1_01622491 
EFTA02497534

He is the head of the human rights court in strasbourg. / former prime minister of 
norway... He would be happy to have a dinner with us. . subj. drones. solitary confinement, death penalty ( europe 
does not have one , so if killing terrorists is to be under an act of war, argument, then they, as enemies ,have war 
rights. ). tribalism, mafia, syria, ukraine, saudi, egypt. libya, . We have a great friendship. - I give him his financial ABC's 
class. he gives me my pragmatic politics lessons. fyi great similarity now as the old political guard seem toreflect the 
patterns of the old long term investors, ( skills of . planning. executing . etc ) now confronted by media . and 
pressured to make quick decisions. ie behaving like inexperienced short term traders. fyi I have read a great number 
of language papers. many if not most, misuse the concept of probability . making naive, erroneous uses of the word , 
hence forming nonsensical conclusions. ( like the silly , life on other planets " calculation". probability needs repetition 
and symmetry, historical events do not have either ! ) 
On Sat, Jun 20, 2015 at 1:08 AM, Noam Chomsky 
la
wrote: 
Glad it worked. Hope tha