# EFTA02417149

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com]|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|03 November 2010 16:39|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** Subject: Re: RE: I am in Abu dhabi Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Nov 4, 2010, at 10:09 AM, "The Duke" wrote: I will call you later this evening after I have had my chat with my Libyan contact to see what we can arrange for you in Tripoli. About 1900 your time. A HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] Sent: 03 November 2010 16:39 To: The Duke Subject: I would like to talk to you about vacation nov 29- dec5.. would you like to have a EFTA_R1_01481864 EFTA02417149 private screening of the movie the Kings Speech. we could invite some "

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationegmaitcompeevacationagmail.comi 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent 
Thur 11/4/2010 9:57:37 AM 
Subject: Re: RE: 
Ah. In that case I'll Ting in the morning rather than tonight! 
No typo's seen! 
A 
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmall.com> 
To: The Duke 
Sent: Thu Nov 04 09:45:36 2010 
Subject: Re: RE: 
I am in Abu dhabi 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 4, 2010, at 10:09 AM, "The Duke" 
wrote: 
I will call you later this evening after I have had my chat with my 
Libyan contact to see what we can arrange for you in Tripoli. 
About 1900 your time. 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Sent: 03 November 2010 16:39 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
I would like to talk to you about vacation nov 29- dec5.. would you like to have a 
EFTA_R1_01481864 
EFTA02417149

private screening of the movie the Kings Speech. we could invite some " 
interesting " people. I want to talk about david and Tim collins. , my up and 
coming abu dhabi trip. etc in om 331441 70210 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01481865 
EFTA02417150

