# EFTA00019307 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 21

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** URGENT REQUEST FOR VTCs-GHISLAINE MAXWELL 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Cc: Subject: URGENT REQUEST FOR VTCs-GHISLAINE MAXWELL 02879-509 Date: Mon, 21 Dec 2020 14:52:46 +0000 Hi Pcr my voicemail— Ms.Maxwell was informed she has no legal calls today. We understood she would have daily (M-F) VTCs from 12:30-3:30 as she did on Friday. Please confirm. ,' kni Law Offices Offices of New York, NY 10011 Mai Cell: Fax:

### Match 2
> e to schedule these. '>> /10/20206:20 PM >>> Hi all- tar navigate the logistics of this and will try to get back to you tomorrow with an answer on how to schedule. :67:JIIII 12./10/2020 4:59 PM s 5 5 a emeon. I write again regarding my Immediate need for video teleconferencing with my client GHISLAINE MAXWELL 02879-509 (SEE EMAIL BELOW). I am informed that in-person legal visiting has been suspended due to the COVID outbreak at the facility. It is Imperative that I be able to review discovery documents with my client with via video. Legal calls are Insufficient for review of the millions of document

### Match 3
> s are Insufficient for review of the millions of documents in this case. Please make these arrangements immediately or provide a response that I can bring to the Court's attention. TI New York, NY 10011 Mai EFTA00019309 Cell On Dec 9, 2020, at 224 PM, one: Good afternoon- I am counsel for GHISLAINE MAXWELL 02879.509 I have r uested b received video calls with my client Ghislaine Maxwell. and nforrned the Court that Ms. Maxwell was provided one video call, which I confirmed occurred on August 18th but failed due to audio problems. I am informed that the VTC occurred in a room between Ms. Maxwell

### Match 4
> e these arrangements immediately or provide a response that I can bring to the Court's attention. TI New York, NY 10011 Mai EFTA00019309 Cell On Dec 9, 2020, at 224 PM, one: Good afternoon- I am counsel for GHISLAINE MAXWELL 02879.509 I have r uested b received video calls with my client Ghislaine Maxwell. and nforrned the Court that Ms. Maxwell was provided one video call, which I confirmed occurred on August 18th but failed due to audio problems. I am informed that the VTC occurred in a room between Ms. Maxwell's isolation cell and day room. Yesterday, I was informed of the following- "Unfort

### Match 5
> Thank you. On Dec 8. 2020, at 3:45 Pµ wrote: Hello- We can get you an hour long call on Thursday and do our best to make it recurring. Unfortunately there are no VTCs on East SHU. You may reads out to and Isar further assistance in this matter. Thank you. From: San To: SuliiirGENT REQUEST-GHISLAINE MAXWELL 02879-509 Hi Requesting assistance to arrange legal calls with my client Ghislaine Maxwell 02879.509. No rayons.: for request for visit (not sure if legal visiting suspended due to COVID outbreak.) Am up against a filing deadline and need to review voluminous discovery with client. Any chance

### Match 6
> ursday and do our best to make it recurring. Unfortunately there are no VTCs on East SHU. You may reads out to and Isar further assistance in this matter. Thank you. From: San To: SuliiirGENT REQUEST-GHISLAINE MAXWELL 02879-509 Hi Requesting assistance to arrange legal calls with my client Ghislaine Maxwell 02879.509. No rayons.: for request for visit (not sure if legal visiting suspended due to COVID outbreak.) Am up against a filing deadline and need to review voluminous discovery with client. Any chance for VTCs so 1 can review discovery client? Otherwise daily legal calls? It all your assista

### Match 7
> . If you ate not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, disttibute, or use this information. If you have naxived this transmission in etror. please notify the sender immediately by teply e-mail and then delete this menage. Thank you. On Nov 25, 2020. at 2:41 PM, tote: Hi. My client • Ghislaine Maxwell .02879-509 - is in quarantine: all of her in-person legal visits have been cancelled. Any assistance you can provide arranging daily legal calls - any time of the day - and an occasional VTC (which has been requested but never arranged) would be greatly appteciated. This case involves voluminous

### Match 8
> From: To: Cc: Subject: URGENT REQUEST FOR VTCs-GHISLAINE MAXWELL 02879-509 Date: Mon, 21 Dec 2020 14:52:46 +0000 Hi Pcr my voicemail— Ms.Maxwell was informed she has no legal calls today. We understood she would have daily (M-F) VTCs from 12:30-3:30 as she did on Friday. Please confirm. ,' kni Law Offices Offices of New York, NY 10011 Mai Cell

### Match 9
> e to schedule these. '>> /10/20206:20 PM >>> Hi all- tar navigate the logistics of this and will try to get back to you tomorrow with an answer on how to schedule. :67:JIIII 12./10/2020 4:59 PM s 5 5 a emeon. I write again regarding my Immediate need for video teleconferencing with my client GHISLAINE MAXWELL 02879-509 (SEE EMAIL BELOW). I am informed that in-person legal visiting has been suspended due to the COVID outbreak at the facility. It is Imperative that I be able to review discovery documents with my client with via video. Legal calls are Insufficient for review of the millions of

### Match 10
> s are Insufficient for review of the millions of documents in this case. Please make these arrangements immediately or provide a response that I can bring to the Court's attention. TI New York, NY 10011 Mai EFTA00019309 Cell On Dec 9, 2020, at 224 PM, one: Good afternoon- I am counsel for GHISLAINE MAXWELL 02879.509 I have r uested b received video calls with my client Ghislaine Maxwell. and nforrned the Court that Ms. Maxwell was provided one video call, which I confirmed occurred on August 18th but failed due to audio problems. I am informed that the VTC occurred in a room between Ms.
