# EFTA02463579

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lisa Ne= c|
|To|Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@=mail.com»|
|Sent||
|Subject|w=ody and deadline|

---

**[FULL]:** r some questions I asked in in response to the agreement Irwin T=nenbaum sent me....l found that that agreement generous and reasonable (!)= and I'm excited to go forward, but I do need those clarifications. We=can absolutely agree that we will not give Woody larger or more important =illing than Bill Clinton or Joe Biden, and that I'd like to come to hi= to renew our agreement after five years. The Harvard week of cont=nt in which Woody will appear, if we can sign this, needs to be edited in =he next week-10 days. We are out of time, which is why I'm writing T=e television show has been picke

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, May 4, 2016 6:28 PM 
To: 
soon yi previn 
Subject: 
Fwd: woody and deadline 
)?2 
 
=orwarded message 
From: Lisa Ne= c
Date: Wed, May 4, 2016 at 2:25 PM 
Subject: w=ody and deadline 
To: Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@=mail.com» 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Woody has received from his =awyer some questions I asked in in response to the agreement Irwin T=nenbaum sent 
me....l found that that agreement generous and reasonable (!)= and I'm excited to go forward, but I do need those 
clarifications. We=can absolutely agree that we will not give Woody larger or more important =illing than Bill Clinton or 
Joe Biden, and that I'd like to come to hi= to renew our agreement after five years. 
The Harvard week of cont=nt in which Woody will appear, if we can sign this, needs to be edited in =he next week-10 
days. We are out of time, which is why I'm writing 
T=e television show has been picked up by American Public Television, they w=11 distribute nationally, and they've asked 
for another S episodes. I =o want Woody to be one of those. 
I'd like to see the hai=u written by computer. Haiku is not that hard. I'd like to see an eleg= written by computer. 
Lisa 
Elisa New 
Powell M. Cabot Professor o= American Literature 
Harvard University 
148 Barker Center 
12 Qui=cy Street 
Cambridge, MA 
O2138 
1 
EFTA_R1_01570636 
EFTA02463579

please note 
=he information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be =ttorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is in=ended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEEUnauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any p=rt thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have rece=ved this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
ret=rn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication an= all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights r=served 
2 
EFTA_R1_01570637 
EFTA02463580

