# EFTA02701572

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Saturday, October 6, 2012 6:40 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Ok is standing by. Call me as soon as you land. I will go with yo=. Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sat, 6 Oct 2012 18:15:48 To: Sub

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Saturday, October 6, 2012 6:40 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Ok 
is standing by. Call me as soon as you land. I will go with yo=. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 6 Oct 2012 18:15:48 
To: 
Subject: 
I am fl in to ny will land at 630.. 
can you orga=ize thanks will call later or try my cell. 
=0A=-
******** 
* ****** 
* ***** 
***** 
***** 
***** 
***** 
******* 
********* 
* 
=The information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =nd may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"b <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1349548785</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>27</integer> 
<integer>7</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>250348</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
1 
EFTA_R1_02071429 
EFTA02701572

