# EFTA02318592

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: < Sent: Thursday, October 18, 2012 2:23 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: > I will forward along. I wish I could go, but have a Bachelorette dinner tomorrow On Oct 17, 2012, at 2:42 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: IM If you know of anyone in New York that might be interested in the below event (see link) please pass along. All the proceeds go to the Dubin Brea

**[FULL]:** From: < Sent: Thursday, October 18, 2012 2:23 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: > I will forward along. I wish I could go, but have a Bachelorette dinner tomorrow On Oct 17, 2012, at 2:42 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: IM If you know of anyone in New York that might be interested in the below event (see link) please pass along. All the proceeds go to the Dubin Breast Center. httplinycbcf.eventbrite.comfit Eva 1 EFTA_R1_01225152 EFTA02318592

**[WORD]:** Eva Dubin Subject: Re: > I will forward along. I wish I could go, but have a Bachelorette dinner tomorrow On Oct 17, 2012, at 2:42 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: IM If you know of anyone in New York that might be interested in the below event (see link) please pass along. All the proceeds go to the Dubin Breast Center. httplinycbcf.eventbrite.comfit Eva 1 EFTA_R1_01225152 EFTA02318592

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
< 
Sent: 
Thursday, October 18, 2012 2:23 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
> 
I will forward along. I wish I could go, but have a Bachelorette dinner tomorrow 
On Oct 17, 2012, at 2:42 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
IM 
If you know of anyone in New York that might be interested in the below event (see link) please pass along. All 
the proceeds go to the Dubin Breast Center. 
httplinycbcf.eventbrite.comfit 
Eva 
1 
EFTA_R1_01225152 
EFTA02318592

