# EFTA00020355 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> t effect is attached. This case is designated as a Wheel C case. By: Enclosure Respectfully submitted, AU ri REY STRAUSS Act g United States Attorney Assistant United States Attorneys Tel.: EFTA00020355 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. Unsealing Order 20 Cr. 330 Upon the application of the United States, by the Acting United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Audrey Strauss, by Assistant United States Attorney It is found that the Indictment in the above-captioned case is currently sealed and

### Match 2
> and remain unsealed pending further order of the Court. Dated: New York, New York July 2, 2020 HONORABLE KATHARINE H. PARKER UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK EFTA00020356 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. ORDER 20 Cr. 330 ( ) (18 U.S.C. §§ 2422, 2423(a), 1623, 371, & AUDREY STRAUSS Acting United States Attorney. EFTA00020357

### Match 3
> t effect is attached. This case is designated as a Wheel C case. By: Enclosure Respectfully submitted, AU ri REY STRAUSS Act g United States Attorney Assistant United States Attorneys Tel.: EFTA00020355 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. Unsealing Order 20 Cr. 330 Upon the application of the United States, by the Acting United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Audrey Strauss, by Assistant United States Attorney It is found that the Indictment in the above-captioned case is currently se
