# EFTA02423529

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Sun Aug 15 12:48:54 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationegmaitcomijeevacationetgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 8/15/2010 5:52:44 PM Subject: Re: I'm in southampton until tomorrow. Memphis monday/tuesday, nyc tues/weds, montane weds-mon. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sun Aug 15 12:48:54 2010 Subject: where arc you?, i will go to Icons in south

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationegmaitcomijeevacationetgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 8/15/2010 5:52:44 PM Subject: Re: I'm in southampton until tomorrow. Memphis monday/tuesday, nyc tues/weds, montane weds-mon. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sun Aug 15 12:48:54 2010 Subject: where arc you?, i will go to Icons in south hampton next weekend ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationegmaitcomijeevacationetgmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Sun 8/15/2010 5:52:44 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I'm in southampton until tomorrow. Memphis monday/tuesday, nyc tues/weds, montane weds-mon. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Sun Aug 15 12:48:54 2010 
Subject: 
where arc you?, i will go to Icons in south hampton next weekend 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01490567 
EFTA02423529

