# EFTA02469811

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** , March 6, 2016 2:28 AM To: Noam Chomsky Subject: Re: Wow great seeing you, what I was=less than perfectly articulate in trying to explain was the difference bet=een wealth and money. you seemed to equate both with pow=r. however if 10000 individuals with 1 milli=n dollars each in cash. and bill gates. are the totality=of our system. he only owns shares in a co. not mo=ey, there is 200 billion of total "WEALTH&qu=t; , but only 100 billion of money . . . there are also 10k in=ividual votes. to his one . if he actually wants m=ney to spend he must exchange some of his paper for the cash with =A

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, March 6, 2016 2:28 AM 
To: 
Noam Chomsky 
Subject: 
Re: Wow 
great seeing you, 
what I was=less than perfectly articulate in trying to explain was the difference bet=een wealth and 
money. you seemed to equate both with pow=r. however if 10000 individuals with 1 milli=n dollars each in cash. 
and bill gates. are the totality=of our system. he only owns shares in a co. not mo=ey, 
there is 200 billion of total 
"WEALTH&qu=t; , but only 100 billion of money . . . there are also 10k in=ividual votes. to his one . if he actually wants 
m=ney to spend he must exchange some of his paper for the cash with =AO one of the ten thousand. not increasing the 
amount of money, as i=see it according to your definition , in my example bil= owned fifty percent of all the wealth. 
but actually , in fact=had no money, but had the power to make decisions against the interest of =he 10 thousand. . 
something fishy. my entire=trip today was worth it , to now learn the answer . " Im =ot sure it can every be right, but 
it can be better " . = intend to use that alot THANKS 
On Sat, Mar 5, 2016 at 9:10 PM, Noam C=omsky <
rnailto 
> wrote: 
Haven't indulged like that since our visit t= Kelly's. 
And lively discussion too. Sorry Valeria wasn =99t along to participate. 
Noam 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01580443 
EFTA02469811

