# EFTA02497346

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, June 17, 2015 8:55 PM To: Glenn Dubin you are welcome to stay at my apt in paris. wi=h the family, no problem at all. . driver etc. =AO on a separate note m, have yo= had any dealings with david bois? =C2 please note The information contained in t=is communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, ma= constitute

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 8:55 PM 
To: 
Glenn Dubin 
you are welcome to stay at my apt in paris. wi=h the family, no problem at all. . driver etc. =AO 
on a separate note 
m, have yo= had any dealings with david bois? 
=C2 
please note 
The information contained in t=is communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, ma= constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of =he addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure=or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohib=ted and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in =rror, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.c=m, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, incluthng all attachments. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
--001a114427fc0a4f120518bce8e8-- conversation-id 112871 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1434574509 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 516748 
1 
EFTA_R1_01622246 
EFTA02497346

