# EFTA02429364

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|I apologies deeply|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jean Luc Brunel Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] From: Daniel Siad Sent: Fri 3/5/2010 9:57:26 PM Subject: I apologies deeply Hello Jean Luc Hello Jeffrey I am deeply sorry I really don't have any words to justify my big and serious mistake. I feel outrage , the Banker here was wrong ,he found an ex

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Daniel Siad 
Sent: 
Fri 3/5/2010 9:57:26 PM 
Subject: I apologies deeply 
Hello Jean Luc 
Hello Jeffrey 
I am deeply sorry I really don't have any words to justify my big 
and serious mistake. 
I feel outrage , the Banker here was wrong ,he found an excuse 
telling me because of my new passport number didn't appear, the 
same because in fact I did change a new passport I have been stolen 
five months ago. 
I just feel like a piece of shit accusing you of ........ 
Sorry. million times 
I apologies deeply . 
I never feel so bad in my life ; Please give an other chance I really 
mean it 
Please Jean Luc I really ask for excuses ,I hope you forgive me 
My warmest regards Time will tell what the future will reserve us 
I'll promess That ill work my ass more then ever did before 
Daniel 
Confidentiality Notice: The information contained in this electronic message is PRIVILEGED 
and confidential information intended only for the use of the individual entity or entities named 
as recipient or recipients. If the reader is not the intended recipient, be hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify me immediately by electronic mail or by 
telephone and permanently delete this message from your computer system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01499019 
EFTA02429364

