# EFTA02332337

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Mary Morrison|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** : n : : M Subject: Fw: This is even worse ----Original Message---- From: Mary Morrison Randy Reputation - I am SO SURE. http://www.pagesix.com/pagesix/pagesix.htm SOME unattached women don't have to worry about a man-shortage. Supermodel Naomi Campbell has flipped for a close advisor to Bill Clinton, Mariah Carey has her sights set on R&B romeo Tyrese, and Natalie Portman is sweet on hunky young actor Jake Gyllenhaal. Campbell has been cavorting with Doug Band, a lawyer who serves as a close advisor to the former horndog-in-chief. They met in Austria several months ago when Clinton spoke

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
(WJC wjc) 
Sent: 
n 
: 
: 
M 
Subject: 
Fw: 
This is even worse 
----Original Message----
From: Mary Morrison 
Randy Reputation - I am SO SURE. 
http://www.pagesix.com/pagesix/pagesix.htm 
SOME unattached women don't have to worry about a man-shortage. Supermodel Naomi 
Campbell has flipped for a close advisor to Bill Clinton, Mariah Carey has her 
sights set on R&B romeo Tyrese, and Natalie Portman is sweet on hunky young actor 
Jake Gyllenhaal. 
Campbell has been cavorting with Doug Band, a lawyer who serves as a close 
advisor to the former horndog-in-chief. They met in Austria several months ago 
when Clinton spoke at an AIDS fund-raiser, and have been spotted together at 
hotspots like Bungalow 8 and Serafina. 
"Naomi has finally met her match with Doug," reports a source, who says Band's 
randy reputation rivals that of Campbell. "He's got someone in every port." 
Do You Yahoo!? 
Sign-up for Video Highlights of 2002 FIFA World Cup 
EFTA_R1_01278104 
EFTA02332337

