# EFTA00030415 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, December 01, 2020 7:07 PM
- **Subject:** Re: U.S. v. Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: "I (USANYS)" Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell Date: Wed, 02 Dec 2020 00:11:47 +0000 Attachments: BC_-2020-12-01_GMJetter_regarding_defense_request_re_MDC_warden.docx Are you both ok with these? From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Sent: Tuesday, December 01, 2020 7:07 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: Subject: Re: U.S. v. Maxwell The revisions do not change ou

### Match 2
> SANYS)" Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell Date: Wed, 02 Dec 2020 00:11:47 +0000 Attachments: BC_-2020-12-01_GMJetter_regarding_defense_request_re_MDC_warden.docx Are you both ok with these? From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Sent: Tuesday, December 01, 2020 7:07 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: Subject: Re: U.S. v. Maxwell The revisions do not change our respective positions. It merely makes it a "joint"submission. Thank you- Bobbi BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim Main: Cell: Fax: ) ; Christian Everdell ; Mark S. Cohen ••Covid-19 Notice: The \Vest 19th Street office is currently cl

### Match 3
> On Dec 1, 2020, at 6:09 PM, (USANYS) < wrote: Bobbi, Attached is a draft of the letter. We will plan to file by 7:30 unless we hear from you before then. Best, Lam From: BOBB1 C STERNHEIM Sent: Tuesday, December 01, 2020 5:50 PM To: (USANYS) >; Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: U.S. v. Maxwell When you might circulate a draft of the joint letter? Thanks BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Robbi C. Sternheim Main: Fax: ; Mark S. Cohen < ••Covid-19 Notice: The West 19th Street office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. Please use email or fax, instead of regu
