# EFTA02372377

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: former

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** m NY. Probably I have to meet with Wheeler (FCC He=d). I'm going to meet a in NY tomorrow the CTO of the FCC</riv> (A computer sciences Prof. From Columbia, named Henning Schulzrin=e or something similar). We want to put him on our advisory=board. We were also approached by Henry Sweica ( Glen Dubin=s former partner) and his son. They're interested in invest=ng in Reporty. I'll probably will meet one of them this week as well. =/div> Think actively what else should we do re this. Be=t EB Sent from my iPhone On Nov 2=, 2015, at 15:34, jeffrey E. <j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
ehbarak < 
Sent: 
Monday, November 23, 2015 4:31 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: NG 911 FCC head. 
Hi Jeff 
Fascinating. We're j=st in time. 
In Barcelona Reporty guys met with Microsoft, S=emens, GE, IBM as well as with the CTO of NYC who loved the system. 
Also se=ior homeland Security official from India. 
I'll call you to=orrow from NY. 
Probably I have to meet with Wheeler (FCC He=d). 
I'm going to meet a in NY tomorrow the CTO of the FCC</riv> (A computer sciences Prof. From Columbia, named 
Henning Schulzrin=e or something similar). 
We want to put him on our advisory=board. 
We were also approached by Henry Sweica ( Glen Dubin=s former partner) and his son. 
They're interested in invest=ng in Reporty. I'll probably will meet one of them this week as well. =/div> Think actively 
what else should we do re this. 
Be=t 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 2=, 2015, at 15:34, jeffrey E. <j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
<=iv> 
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/23/opinion/the-911-system-is=t-ready-for-the-iphone-
era.html?action=click&pgtype=Homepage&ve=sion=Moth-Visible&moduleDetail=inside-nyt-region-4&module=ins=de-
nyt-region&region=inside-nyt-region&WT.nav=inside-nyt-region=/a> 
<http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/23/opinion/th=-911-system-isnt-ready-for-the-iphone-
era.html?action=click&pgtype==omepage&version=Moth-Visible&moduleDetail=inside-nyt-region-
4&a=p;module=inside-nyt-region&region=inside-nyt-region&WT.nav=in=ide-nyt-region> 
please note 
The info=mation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-=lient privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended onl= for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthori=ed use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof i= strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
c=mmunication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or b= e-mail to jeeva=ation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> , and 
EFTA_R1_01376379 
EFTA02372377

destroy this communication and all copies there=f, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01376380 
EFTA02372378

