# EFTA00010364 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 19

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, July 3, 2020 11:05 AM
- **Subject:** Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 15:39:21 +0000 is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? Thanks. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Appreciate it, thank you. From Sent: Friday, July 3, 202011:21 A

### Match 2
> From: To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 15:39:21 +0000 is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? Thanks. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Appreciate it, thank you. From Sent: Friday, July 3, 202011:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will callOand advise - he can be a little touchy. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with about it, but my sense i

### Match 3
> 03 Jul 2020 15:39:21 +0000 is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? Thanks. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Appreciate it, thank you. From Sent: Friday, July 3, 202011:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will callOand advise - he can be a little touchy. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with about it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reach

### Match 4
> , 2020, at 11:13 AM wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with about it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reach out to directly to discuss. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:05 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will try. Can I start withO- he may be in the best position to get it done? I Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 10:23 AM wrote: EFTA00010364 Thanks very much for passing this along. The permitted attorney contact on the list below only includes Vogelman without reference to h

### Match 5
> ople Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please? Ideally, we would like to get them added today so that they can speak with their client over the weekend to facilitate our discussions with them about next steps in the case. Thanks, From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NI-ID-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" c > Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. I

### Match 6
> r discussions with them about next steps in the case. Thanks, From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NI-ID-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" c > Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The following directi

### Match 7
> From: To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 15:39:21 +0000 is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? Thanks. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Appreciate it, thank you. From Sent: Friday, July 3, 202

### Match 8
> From: To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 15:39:21 +0000 is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? Thanks. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Appreciate it, thank you. From Sent: Friday, July 3, 202011:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will callOand advise - he can be a little touchy. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with about it, but my

### Match 9
> 03 Jul 2020 15:39:21 +0000 is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? Thanks. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Appreciate it, thank you. From Sent: Friday, July 3, 202011:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will callOand advise - he can be a little touchy. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with about it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from If you think it would be ok, I'm happy

### Match 10
> , 2020, at 11:13 AM wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with about it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reach out to directly to discuss. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:05 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will try. Can I start withO- he may be in the best position to get it done? I Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 10:23 AM wrote: EFTA00010364 Thanks very much for passing this along. The permitted attorney contact on the list below only includes Vogelman without refere
