# EFTA02353763

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Noam Chomsky|
|Sent|Saturday, June 20, 2015 12:10 PM|
|Subject|Re: Re:|

---

**[ORG]:** effrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Saturday, June 20, 2015 12:10 PM To: Noam Chomsky Subject: Re: Re: I think you might try to plan on late september, , taking my apt and spending a few days with valeria in the city, As it is the openiing of the UN general assembly , as well as the Clinton global initiative New york is rife with people with at least influence, if not new ideas. . I, we. can organize many fun interactions. my house becomes a respite for the select few, to take off their ties , and talk openly. You would be welcome to join as many create or participate as you prefer.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: 
Noam Chomsky 
Sunday, June 21, 2015 2:42 AM 
RE: Re: 
Valeria's not here right now, so will have to check with her about late September. Really intriguing possibilities, and a 
delightful offer. 
On Yang, I read his work quite differently. He does make use of word frequencies and probability distributions, but as 
far as I am aware in pretty straightforward and innocuous ways. And he's quite sophisticated about these matters. 
Smart and interesting guy. You might want to contact him directly. 
I don't recall his using Zipf's "laws," but it wouldn't matter much. Mandelbrot showed back in the '50s that they were a 
statistical artifact, near meaningless. I was, incidentally, surprised to see how he dealt with this result in his 
autobiography. I think he called it his "Keplerian moment," or something like that. 
Noam 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Saturday, June 20, 2015 12:10 PM 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Subject: Re: Re: 
I think you might try to plan on late september, , taking my apt and spending a few days with valeria in the city, As it is 
the openiing of the UN general assembly , as well as the Clinton global initiative New york is rife with people with at 
least influence, if not new ideas. . I, we. can organize many fun interactions. my house becomes a respite for the 
select few, to take off their ties , and talk openly. You would be welcome to join as many create or participate as you 
prefer. yangs work deals with language as signals . his reliance on Zipf like distributions is a good example of naive 
probablities.. empirically zipf appears. but cannot be derived from any of his or anyones elses to date. so somewhat 
misleading to suggest the" probililty of word , x appearing, " it is the mistake of frequency vs probablity, and careless 
common usage. 
On Sat, Jun 20, 2015 at 11:44 AM, Noam Chomsky 
> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01334602 
EFTA02353763

Sounds like a most interesting person. And someone it would be very interesting to talk to. I presume he 
spends time in NY. Hope we can work it out. 
Would be interested in learning more about your critique of the use of probability in language work, mostly by 
computational cognitive scientists, as far as I know. I've written critiques of it too, but on different grounds: failure to 
account for what they are trying to show, or even to understand the issue. There are, I think, some notable exceptions, 
like the recent work of Charles Yang, one of Bob Berwick's students. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> ] 
Sent: Saturday, June 20, 2015 8:22 AM 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Subject: Re: 
He is the head of the human rights court in strasbourg. / 
former prime minister of norway... He would be 
happy to have a dinner with us. . subj. drones. solitary confinement , death penalty ( europe does not have one , so if 
killing terrorists is to be under an act of war, argument , then they, as enemies ,have war rights. ). tribalism, mafia, 
syria, ukraine, saudi, egypt. libya, . We have a great friendship. - I give him his financial ABC's class. he gives me my 
pragmatic politics lessons. fyi great similarity now as the old political guard seem toreflect the patterns of the old long 
term investors, ( skills of . planning. executing . etc ) now confronted by media . and pressured to make quick 
decisions. ie behaving like inexperienced short term traders. fyi I have read a great number of language papers. 
many if not most, misuse the concept of probability . making naive, erroneous uses of the word , hence forming 
nonsensical conclusions. ( like the silly , life on other planets " calculation". probability needs repetition and symmetry, 
historical events do not have either ! ) 
On Sat, Jun 20, 2015 at 1:08 AM, Noam Chomsky 
> wrote: 
Glad it worked. Hope that the speech was of some interest. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> ] 
Sent: Friday, June 19, 2015 6:38 PM 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Subject: 
you would have been proud my friend the sec gen of the council of europe thjorborn jagland had to 
give as speech on terrosism to the security counsel. Last night I presented your arguments, re hypocrisy, he was 
shocked but loved it. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01334603 
EFTA02353764

please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01334604 
EFTA02353765

