# EFTA00021717 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "a
- **To:** '
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> available around 12- 1230? > Feel free to call me at > » On Jan 11. 2021. at 09:48, MENI > wrote: » It will be myself or M. >> » Best, >»» ' 1/8/2021 2:20 » PM >» EFTA00021717 » Good afternoon, » The FBI has very kindly agreed to deliver two new drives from my » office to the MDC for Ghislaine Maxwell on Monday, January 11th. I've cc'd Special Agent , who will be coordinating the delivery. » Would you please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the » delivery and who will be available to receive the drives on Monday? » Thank you all very much for your help. » Best, »Assistant

### Match 2
> available around 12- 1230? > Feel free to call me at > » On Jan 11. 2021. at 09:48, MENI > wrote: » It will be myself or M. >> » Best, >»» ' 1/8/2021 2:20 » PM >» EFTA00021717 » Good afternoon, » The FBI has very kindly agreed to deliver two new drives from my » office to the MDC for Ghislaine Maxwell on Monday, January 11th. I've cc'd Special Agent , who will be coordinating the delivery. » Would you please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the » delivery and who will be available to receive the drives on Monday? » Thank you all very much for your help. » Best, »A

### Match 3
> From: "a To: ' Cc: Subject: Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11 Date: Mon, 11 Jan 2021 16:23:23 +0000 Ok see you in a few. > On Jan 11, 2021, at 11:13, M= > wrote: >Hi M, > Yes, I will meet you outside ISA at 11:30 today. If anything comes up, please feel free to give me a call at . Thank you! > Ori inal Messa e > From: > Sen

### Match 4
> 0 Ok see you in a few. > On Jan 11, 2021, at 11:13, M= > wrote: >Hi M, > Yes, I will meet you outside ISA at 11:30 today. If anything comes up, please feel free to give me a call at . Thank you! > Ori inal Messa e > From: > Sent: Monda , Janua 11 2021 10:47 AM > To: > Cc: > Subject: Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11 > I will be picking up the drives today. Are you available to run out to me around 11:30? or ideally I'd be bringing the drives directly to you after pick up. Are you available around 12- 1230? > Feel free to call me at > » On Jan 11. 2021. at 09:48, MENI > wrote:
