# EFTA02413592

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Eric Cowan|
|Sent|2 Jun 2010 18:36|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffre E UMn'eevacanon moil:corn] From: Sen e / J 1 :4 : Subject: Fw: Ori inal Message From: To: Eric Cowan Cc: HRH Prince Andrew Duke of York Cc: Harry Keogh Cc: David Stern Cc: Tim Ryan Cc: Helen Jones Cc: Simon Griffiths Cc: Mark ReplyTo: Subject: Sent: 2 Jun 2010 18:36 Dear Eric, A huge thank you to you all. To Eric, to Harry, to Helen, Tim, Mark, David for all your amazing friendship. Your loyalty and kindnes

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffre E UMn'eevacanon moil:corn] From: Sen e / J 1 :4 : Subject: Fw: Ori inal Message From: To: Eric Cowan Cc: HRH Prince Andrew Duke of York Cc: Harry Keogh Cc: David Stern Cc: Tim Ryan Cc: Helen Jones Cc: Simon Griffiths Cc: Mark ReplyTo: Subject: Sent: 2 Jun 2010 18:36 Dear Eric, A huge thank you to you all. To Eric, to Harry, to Helen, Tim, Mark, David for all your amazing friendship. Your loyalty and kindness. To you al

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffre E UMn'eevacanon 
moil:corn] 
From: 
Sen 
e / J 
1 
:4 : 
Subject: Fw: 
 
Ori inal Message 
From: 
To: Eric Cowan 
Cc: HRH Prince Andrew Duke of York 
Cc: Harry Keogh 
Cc: David Stern 
Cc: Tim Ryan 
Cc: Helen Jones 
Cc: Simon Griffiths 
Cc: Mark 
ReplyTo: 
Subject: 
Sent: 2 Jun 2010 18:36 
Dear Eric, 
A huge thank you to you all. To Eric, to Harry, to Helen, Tim, Mark, David 
for all your amazing friendship. Your loyalty and kindness. 
To you all... 
I cannot believe what you have all done to help me. 
Jon Moulton would like for Helen Jones, Simon Griffiths and David Stern, to go 
and see Lord David James, the turnaround king of London on 
monday in London, 
to give him a low down of all the accounts, good, bad and ugly. 
Simon Griffiths and Helen Jones have done a great job at pulling this all 
together with the help from David Stern, who introduced us to Simon Griffiths, 
and Mark Simmons at the bank, has been incredibly supportive.. 
Thank you all. 
What they need desperately from you Eric, is ful written report on the Hartmoor 
closure, and the payment of all the existing creditors. And what the status is of 
the 500 put in the escrow account. 
Please can you assist david and Simon and Helen in supplying all the information. 
Thank you so much. 
Bestest wishes as always 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely 
for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have 
received this email in error please notify the sender 
immediately. 
EFTA_R1_01476162 
EFTA02413592

