# EFTA02656212

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: girlfriend

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Glenn Dubin <|
|Sent|Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:38 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 2:47 PM To: Glenn Dubin Subject: Re: ana said she thinks jordon might have let the girlfriend d=ive. - tie rods totally bent and needed to be towed to=barge. sending out for a new wheel assembly. . =AO she said taken without permission , drive= and left beat up and filthy. / "both jordan and si=ney apologized , .

**[FULL]:** he girlfriend d=ive. - tie rods totally bent and needed to be towed to=barge. sending out for a new wheel assembly. . =AO she said taken without permission , drive= and left beat up and filthy. / "both jordan and si=ney apologized , . no biggy for me =/div> On Wed, Mar=1S, 2017 at 10:38 AM, Glenn Dubin < Please, thx From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:38 AM To: Glenn Dubin < <mailto Subject: ive asked for details . sorry. please no=e > > »=wrote: The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privil

**[FULL]:** O she said taken without permission , drive= and left beat up and filthy. / "both jordan and si=ney apologized , . no biggy for me =/div> On Wed, Mar=1S, 2017 at 10:38 AM, Glenn Dubin < Please, thx From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:38 AM To: Glenn Dubin < <mailto Subject: ive asked for details . sorry. please no=e > > »=wrote: The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE U

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 15, 2017 2:47 PM 
To: 
Glenn Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
ana said she thinks jordon might have let the girlfriend d=ive. - 
tie rods totally bent and needed to be towed 
to=barge. 
sending out for a new wheel assembly. . =AO 
she said taken without permission , drive= and left beat up 
and filthy. / "both jordan and si=ney apologized , . 
no biggy for me 
=/div> 
On Wed, Mar=1S, 2017 at 10:38 AM, Glenn Dubin < 
Please, thx 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:38 AM 
To: Glenn Dubin < 
<mailto 
Subject: 
ive asked for details . sorry. 
please no=e 
> > 
»=wrote: 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01901825 
EFTA02656212

=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disdos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" targetCblank">jeevacation@gmai..com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inuding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01901826 
EFTA02656213

