# EFTA02687581

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: royal, queen, york, abuse

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Ed Perkins|
|Sent|Sat Feb 26 13:46:13 2011|
|Subject|Re: Strictly private: The Duke of York -|

---

**[FULL]:** From: The Duke Sent: Saturday, February 26, 2011 2:47 PM To: Jeevacation@gmail.com Subject: Fw: Strictly private: The Duke of York - Attachments: andrewjpg The photograph. Original Message From: Ed Perkin To: The Duke Sent: Sat Feb 26 13:51:04 2011 Subject: Fw: Strictly private: The Duke of York - Ed Perkins Deputy Press Secretary to The Queen and Head of News I Press Secretary to The Duke of York Sent from my Blac

**[FULL]:** From: The Duke Sent: Saturday, February 26, 2011 2:47 PM To: Jeevacation@gmail.com Subject: Fw: Strictly private: The Duke of York - Attachments: andrewjpg The photograph. Original Message From: Ed Perkin To: The Duke Sent: Sat Feb 26 13:51:04 2011 Subject: Fw: Strictly private: The Duke of York - Ed Perkins Deputy Press Secretary to The Queen and Head of News I Press Secretary to The Duke of York Sent from my BlackBerry Original Message From: To: Ed Perkins Sent: Sat Feb 26 13:46:13 2011 Subject: Re: Strictly private: The Duke of York - Dear Ed Please find attached the photogra

**[FULL]:** ictly private: The Duke of York - Attachments: andrewjpg The photograph. Original Message From: Ed Perkin To: The Duke Sent: Sat Feb 26 13:51:04 2011 Subject: Fw: Strictly private: The Duke of York - Ed Perkins Deputy Press Secretary to The Queen and Head of News I Press Secretary to The Duke of York Sent from my BlackBerry Original Message From: To: Ed Perkins Sent: Sat Feb 26 13:46:13 2011 Subject: Re: Strictly private: The Duke of York - Dear Ed Please find attached the photograph which is being given to you under the terms agreed below. Yours sincerely Sian James Assistant Edito

**[FULL]:** 1:04 2011 Subject: Fw: Strictly private: The Duke of York - Ed Perkins Deputy Press Secretary to The Queen and Head of News I Press Secretary to The Duke of York Sent from my BlackBerry Original Message From: To: Ed Perkins Sent: Sat Feb 26 13:46:13 2011 Subject: Re: Strictly private: The Duke of York - Dear Ed Please find attached the photograph which is being given to you under the terms agreed below. Yours sincerely Sian James Assistant Editor (See attached file: andrew.jpg) EFTA_R1_02015612 EFTA02687581 To CC "Ed Perkins" Subject Re: Strictly private: The Duke of York 26/02/11

**[FULL]:** rew.jpg) EFTA_R1_02015612 EFTA02687581 To CC "Ed Perkins" Subject Re: Strictly private: The Duke of York 26/02/11 13:27 Sian, I will send the photograph only to HRH for identification purposes. Ed Ed Perkins Deputy Press Secretary to The Queen and Head of News I Press Secretary to The Duke of York Sent from my BlackBerry Original Message From: To: Ed Perkins Sent: Sat Feb 26 12:49:56 2011 Subject: Re: Strictly private: The Duke of York For the Attention of Ed Perkins 2 EFTA_R1_02015613 EFTA02687582 Deputy Press Secretary to The Queen and Press Secretary to The Duke of York Sat

**[FULL]:** the photograph only to HRH for identification purposes. Ed Ed Perkins Deputy Press Secretary to The Queen and Head of News I Press Secretary to The Duke of York Sent from my BlackBerry Original Message From: To: Ed Perkins Sent: Sat Feb 26 12:49:56 2011 Subject: Re: Strictly private: The Duke of York For the Attention of Ed Perkins 2 EFTA_R1_02015613 EFTA02687582 Deputy Press Secretary to The Queen and Press Secretary to The Duke of York Saturday 26 February 2011. Dear Ed, Strictly Private: I have offered several times to show you the photograph we have in our possession and you have

**[FULL]:** The Duke of York Sent from my BlackBerry Original Message From: To: Ed Perkins Sent: Sat Feb 26 12:49:56 2011 Subject: Re: Strictly private: The Duke of York For the Attention of Ed Perkins 2 EFTA_R1_02015613 EFTA02687582 Deputy Press Secretary to The Queen and Press Secretary to The Duke of York Saturday 26 February 2011. Dear Ed, Strictly Private: I have offered several times to show you the photograph we have in our possession and you have declined to view the picture . I see from your latest email that you believe this photograph of The Duke of York and would be helpful for ident

**[FULL]:** ueen and Press Secretary to The Duke of York Saturday 26 February 2011. Dear Ed, Strictly Private: I have offered several times to show you the photograph we have in our possession and you have declined to view the picture . I see from your latest email that you believe this photograph of The Duke of York and would be helpful for identification purposes. If you can give me an undertaking this picture will be used by you for identification purposes only and not shown to any person other than The Duke of York, I am able to confirm that I can send you an email of the photograph. Please let me kno

**[FULL]:** view the picture . I see from your latest email that you believe this photograph of The Duke of York and would be helpful for identification purposes. If you can give me an undertaking this picture will be used by you for identification purposes only and not shown to any person other than The Duke of York, I am able to confirm that I can send you an email of the photograph. Please let me know how you would like to proceed. Yours Sincerely, Sian James Assistant Editor Features Mail On Sunday This e-mail and any attached files are intended for the named addressee only. It contains information,

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
The Duke 
Sent: 
Saturday, February 26, 2011 2:47 PM 
To: 
Jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Fw: Strictly private: The Duke of York -
Attachments: 
andrewjpg 
The photograph. 
 
Original Message 
From: Ed Perkin 
To: The Duke 
Sent: Sat Feb 26 13:51:04 2011 
Subject: Fw: Strictly private: The Duke of York - 
Ed Perkins 
Deputy Press Secretary to The Queen and Head of News I Press Secretary to The Duke of York 
Sent from my BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From:
To: Ed Perkins 
Sent: Sat Feb 26 13:46:13 2011 
Subject: Re: Strictly private: The Duke of York - 
Dear Ed 
Please find attached the photograph which is being given to you under the terms agreed below. 
Yours sincerely 
Sian James 
Assistant Editor 
(See attached file: andrew.jpg) 
EFTA_R1_02015612 
EFTA02687581

To 
CC 
"Ed Perkins" 
Subject 
Re: Strictly private: The Duke of 
York 
26/02/11 13:27 
Sian, 
I will send the photograph only to HRH for identification purposes. 
Ed 
Ed Perkins 
Deputy Press Secretary to The Queen and Head of News I Press Secretary to The Duke of York 
Sent from my BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: 
To: Ed Perkins 
Sent: Sat Feb 26 12:49:56 2011 
Subject: Re: Strictly private: The Duke of York 
For the Attention of Ed Perkins 
2 
EFTA_R1_02015613 
EFTA02687582

Deputy Press Secretary to The Queen and 
Press Secretary to The Duke of York 
Saturday 26 February 2011. 
Dear Ed, 
Strictly Private: 
I have offered several times to show you the photograph we have in our possession and you have declined to view the 
picture . I see from your latest email that you believe this photograph of The Duke of York and 
would be helpful 
for identification purposes. 
If you can give me an undertaking this picture will be used by you for identification purposes only and not shown to any 
person other than The Duke of York, I am able to confirm that I can send you an email of the photograph. 
Please let me know how you would like to proceed. 
Yours Sincerely, 
Sian James 
Assistant Editor 
Features 
Mail On Sunday 
This e-mail and any attached files are intended for the named addressee only. It contains information, which may be 
confidential and legally privileged and also protected by copyright. Unless you are the named addressee (or authorised 
to receive for the addressee) you may not copy or use it, or disclose it to anyone else. If you received it in error please 
notify the sender immediately and then delete it from your system. Please be advised that the views and opinions 
expressed in this e-mail may not reflect the views and opinions of Associated Newspapers Limited or any of its subsidiary 
companies. We make every effort to keep our network free from viruses. However, you do need to check this e-mail and 
any attachments to it for viruses as we can take no responsibility for any computer virus which may be transferred by 
way of this e-mail. Use of this or any other e-mail facility signifies consent to any interception we might lawfully carry 
out to prevent abuse of these facilit! 
ies. 
Associated Newspapers Ltd. Registered Office: Northcliffe House, 2 Derry St, Kensington, London, W8 STT. Registered No 
84121 England. 
Royal Household Legal Disclaimer - This message and any attachments should only be read by those persons to whom it 
is addressed and be used by them for its intended purpose. The Royal Household cannot accept liability for statements 
3 
EFTA_R1_02015614 
EFTA02687583

made which are clearly the sender's own and not made on behalf of the Royal Household. Replies to this email address 
may be subject to interception or monitoring for operational reasons or for lawful business purposes. 
This email has been scanned by the MessageLabs Email Security System. 
For more information please visit http://www.messagelabs.com/email 
This e-mail and any attached files are intended for the named addressee only. It contains information, which may be 
confidential and legally privileged and also protected by copyright. Unless you are the named addressee (or authorised 
to receive for the addressee) you may not copy or use it, or disclose it to anyone else. If you received it in error please 
notify the sender immediately and then delete it from your system. Please be advised that the views and opinions 
expressed in this e-mail may not reflect the views and opinions of Associated Newspapers Limited or any of its subsidiary 
companies. We make every effort to keep our network free from viruses. However, you do need to check this e-mail and 
any attachments to it for viruses as we can take no responsibility for any computer virus which may be transferred by 
way of this e-mail. Use of this or any other e-mail facility signifies consent to any interception we might lawfully carry 
out to prevent abuse of these facilit! 
ies. 
Associated Newspapers Ltd. Registered Office: Northcliffe House, 2 Derry St, Kensington, London, W8 SIT. Registered No 
84121 England. 
4 
EFTA_R1_02015615 
EFTA02687584

