# EFTA00009924 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 9

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monday, November 16, 2020 1:59 PM
- **Subject:** Re: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509)

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> (USANYS)" Subject: Re: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Date: Tue, 17 Nov 2020 13:59:22 +0000 Good morning, We will have a new hard drive with a new discovery production for Maxwell ready tomorrow. Would it be alright if I brought both the laptop and hard drive to the MDC tomorrow instead of just the laptop today, please? Thank

### Match 2
> ptop today, please? Thank ou On Nov 16, 2020, at 2:01 PM, wrote: Will do, thank you very much. Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York. NY 10007 From: Sent: Monday, November 16, 2020 1:59 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) Subject: Re: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Drop it off anytime between 600 am and 1200 pm. >>> From: To: CC: esoy> np_gu>, bePa>a>, (USANYS)" Date: 1 16 2020 1:58 PM Subject: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Good afternoon, I am planning to bring a laptop and charger for inmate Ghislaine Ma

### Match 3
> ork. NY 10007 From: Sent: Monday, November 16, 2020 1:59 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) Subject: Re: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Drop it off anytime between 600 am and 1200 pm. >>> From: To: CC: esoy> np_gu>, bePa>a>, (USANYS)" Date: 1 16 2020 1:58 PM Subject: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Good afternoon, I am planning to bring a laptop and charger for inmate Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) to use when reviewing discovery produced from my office. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter, which I will hand deliver with the laptop. I am availab

### Match 4
> aine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Drop it off anytime between 600 am and 1200 pm. >>> From: To: CC: esoy> np_gu>, bePa>a>, (USANYS)" Date: 1 16 2020 1:58 PM Subject: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Good afternoon, I am planning to bring a laptop and charger for inmate Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) to use when reviewing discovery produced from my office. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter, which I will hand deliver with the laptop. I am available to make this delivery tomorrow. Would you please let me know what time I should arrive with the laptop? EFT

### Match 5
> (USANYS)" Subject: Re: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Date: Tue, 17 Nov 2020 13:59:22 +0000 Good morning, We will have a new hard drive with a new discovery production for Maxwell ready tomorrow. Would it be alright if I brought both the laptop and hard drive to the MDC tomorrow instead of just the laptop today, please

### Match 6
> ptop today, please? Thank ou On Nov 16, 2020, at 2:01 PM, wrote: Will do, thank you very much. Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York. NY 10007 From: Sent: Monday, November 16, 2020 1:59 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) Subject: Re: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Drop it off anytime between 600 am and 1200 pm. >>> From: To: CC: esoy> np_gu>, bePa>a>, (USANYS)" Date: 1 16 2020 1:58 PM Subject: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Good afternoon, I am planning to bring a laptop and charger for inmate Ghis

### Match 7
> ork. NY 10007 From: Sent: Monday, November 16, 2020 1:59 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) Subject: Re: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Drop it off anytime between 600 am and 1200 pm. >>> From: To: CC: esoy> np_gu>, bePa>a>, (USANYS)" Date: 1 16 2020 1:58 PM Subject: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Good afternoon, I am planning to bring a laptop and charger for inmate Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) to use when reviewing discovery produced from my office. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter, which I will hand deliver with the laptop. I am

### Match 8
> aine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Drop it off anytime between 600 am and 1200 pm. >>> From: To: CC: esoy> np_gu>, bePa>a>, (USANYS)" Date: 1 16 2020 1:58 PM Subject: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Good afternoon, I am planning to bring a laptop and charger for inmate Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) to use when reviewing discovery produced from my office. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter, which I will hand deliver with the laptop. I am available to make this delivery tomorrow. Would you please let me know what time I should arrive with the lapt

### Match 9
> (USANYS)" Subject: Re: Laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) Date: Tue, 17 Nov 2020 13:59:22 +0000 Good morning, We will have a new hard drive with a new discovery production for Maxwell ready tomorrow. Would it be alright if I brought both the laptop and hard drive to the MDC tomorrow instead of just the laptop today, please? Thank ou On Nov 16, 2020, at 2:01 PM, wrote: Will do, thank you very much. Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andr
