# EFTA02467765

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, March 26, 2016 11:10 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: are you there? On Sat, Mar 26, 2016 at 2:43 PM, Eva Dubin <mailto > wrote: jeevacation@gmail.com&=t; wrote: any=hing i can do to help? please note The info=mation contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney=client privileged, may constitute inside infor

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, March 26, 2016 11:10 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: are you there? On Sat, Mar 26, 2016 at 2:43 PM, Eva Dubin <mailto > wrote: jeevacation@gmail.com&=t; wrote: any=hing i can do to help? please note The info=mation contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney=client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended o=ly for the use of the addressee. It is the prope

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, March 26, 2016 11:10 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
are you there? 
On Sat, Mar 26, 2016 at 2:43 PM, Eva Dubin 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
jeevacation@gmail.com&=t; wrote: 
any=hing i can do to help? 
please note 
The info=mation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney=client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended o=ly for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauth=rized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part ther=of is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received thi= 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-ma=l or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all cop=es thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error =please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01576922 
EFTA02467765

