# EFTA00028756 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Hogeweide, Caolan
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, July 3, 2020 7:01 AM
- **Subject:** Epstein and Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: (USANYS)" To: ' Subject: FW: Epstein and Maxwell Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 14:03:45 +0000 From: Hogeweide, Caolan Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 7:01 AM To: (USANYS) ‹ > Subject: Epstein and Maxwell Hello, I'm concerned that Ghislaine Maxwell will suffer the same fate as Jeffrey Epstein if kept in jail without 24 hour supervision. There are many intelligence agencies and powerful individuals that don't want her to talk. Who knows, maybe even prison guards or inmates are being offered money to take her out. Please don't let Maxwell en

### Match 2
> From: (USANYS)" To: ' Subject: FW: Epstein and Maxwell Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 14:03:45 +0000 From: Hogeweide, Caolan Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 7:01 AM To: (USANYS) ‹ > Subject: Epstein and Maxwell Hello, I'm concerned that Ghislaine Maxwell will suffer the same fate as Jeffrey Epstein if kept in jail without 24 hour supervision. There are many intelligence agencies and powerful individuals that don't want her to talk. Who knows, maybe even prison guards or inmates are being offered money to take her out. Please don't let Ma

### Match 3
> From: (USANYS)" To: ' Subject: FW: Epstein and Maxwell Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 14:03:45 +0000 From: Hogeweide, Caolan Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 7:01 AM To: (USANYS) ‹ > Subject: Epstein and Maxwell Hello, I'm concerned that Ghislaine Maxwell will suffer the same fate as Jeffrey Epstein if kept in jail without 24 hour supervision. There are man

### Match 4
> From: (USANYS)" To: ' Subject: FW: Epstein and Maxwell Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 14:03:45 +0000 From: Hogeweide, Caolan Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 7:01 AM To: (USANYS) ‹ > Subject: Epstein and Maxwell Hello, I'm concerned that Ghislaine Maxwell will suffer the same fate as Jeffrey Epstein if kept in jail without 24 hour supervision. There are many intelligence agencies and powerful individuals that don't want her to talk. Who knows, maybe even prison guards or inmates are being offered money

### Match 5
> ne Maxwell will suffer the same fate as Jeffrey Epstein if kept in jail without 24 hour supervision. There are many intelligence agencies and powerful individuals that don't want her to talk. Who knows, maybe even prison guards or inmates are being offered money to take her out. Please don't let Maxwell end up "killing herself' EFTA00028756
