# EFTA02366520

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: Thursday, May 26, 2016 11:54 AM To: jeffrey E. Cc: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: > We had to watch the basketball game so changed to my account to do that :)!=We both love the pictures ...more than anything else! That's why we go= you two pictures instead of any other present :). Did you like the pictur=s? On Thursday, May 26, 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gm

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Thursday, May 26, 2016 11:54 AM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Cc: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
> 
We had to watch the basketball game so changed to my account to do that :)!=We both love the pictures ...more than 
anything else! That's why we go= you two pictures instead of any other present :). Did you like the pictur=s? 
On Thursday, May 26, 2016, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
<=lockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:1px=#ccc solid;padding-left:lex"> 
i see you changed the =ovie room account to your own. very sweet . - =AO you should understand that your photos 
around the house =AO represent to me. - pure happy -; better than flowers = music . or fireplaces. 
please note 
The inf=rmation contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorne=-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended =nly for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unaut=orized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part the=eof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received th=s communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-m=il or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <javascript:_e(%78%7D,lcvmrjee=acation@gmail.com');> , and=br>destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all att=chments. copyright -all rights reserved 
1 
EFTA_R1_01363181 
EFTA02366520

