# EFTA02476041

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, December 29, 2015 12:01 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: yes On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 7:00 PM, Eva Dubin &=t <mailto > wrote: I can not eat lunch that early ... Can we do 1 pm ... =lease Sent from my iPhone On Dec 28, 2015, at 6:58 PM= Jeffrey E. «mailtoleevacation@gmail.com» wrote: woody andsoon yi confirmed lunch on thurs =AO you

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, December 29, 2015 12:01 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: yes On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 7:00 PM, Eva Dubin &=t <mailto > wrote: I can not eat lunch that early ... Can we do 1 pm ... =lease Sent from my iPhone On Dec 28, 2015, at 6:58 PM= Jeffrey E. «mailtoleevacation@gmail.com» wrote: woody andsoon yi confirmed lunch on thurs =AO your house. 12 30. invite whomever you like =div class="gmail_extr

**[FULL]:** lunch that early ... Can we do 1 pm ... =lease Sent from my iPhone On Dec 28, 2015, at 6:58 PM= Jeffrey E. «mailtoleevacation@gmail.com» wrote: woody andsoon yi confirmed lunch on thurs =AO your house. 12 30. invite whomever you like =div class="gmail_extra"> On Mon, Dec 28, 2=15 at 6:45 PM, Eva Dubin < <mailto > wrote: Sent from my iPhone =div> please not= The information contained in this communication is confidentia=, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information,=and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property o= JEE EFTA_R1_01589360

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, December 29, 2015 12:01 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
yes 
On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 7:00 PM, Eva Dubin &=t 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
I can not eat lunch that early ... 
Can we do 1 pm ... =lease 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 28, 2015, at 6:58 PM= Jeffrey E. «mailtoleevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
woody andsoon yi confirmed lunch on thurs =AO your house. 12 30. invite whomever you like 
=div class="gmail_extra"> 
On Mon, Dec 28, 2=15 at 6:45 PM, Eva Dubin < 
<mailto 
>  wrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
=div> 
please not= 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidentia=, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information,=and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property o= 
JEE 
EFTA_R1_01589360 
EFTA02476041

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communicatio= or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you= have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately=by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.co=> , and 
destroy this communi=ation and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all=rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<R>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01589361 
EFTA02476042

