# EFTA02244719

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Eva Dubin|
|Sent|Monday, April 2, 2018 7:18 AM|
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Eva Dubin From: Sent: on 3:11:16 PM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Eva Andersson Gift cards have been delivered Vered and arc with the doorman. Sent from my !Phone On Apr 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin < wrote: I am here until 1 pm...hand deliver or leave with doorman ! Both very safe:) Please not

**[FULL]:** To: Eva Dubin From: Sent: on 3:11:16 PM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Eva Andersson Gift cards have been delivered Vered and arc with the doorman. Sent from my !Phone On Apr 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin < wrote: I am here until 1 pm...hand deliver or leave with doorman ! Both very safe:) Please note, my email address has changed to Fro Sent: Monday, April 2, 2018 7:18 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Good morning Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a gift delivered to Maya. I understa

**[FULL]:** cards have been delivered Vered and arc with the doorman. Sent from my !Phone On Apr 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin < wrote: I am here until 1 pm...hand deliver or leave with doorman ! Both very safe:) Please note, my email address has changed to Fro Sent: Monday, April 2, 2018 7:18 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Good morning Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a gift delivered to Maya. I understand you are home from vacation. May we bring to the apartment today? Please advise if We should hand deliver at a specific time or ok to leave with the doorman. (The gift is valuable gift c

**[FULL]:** To: Eva Dubin From: Sent: on 3:11:16 PM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Eva Andersson Gift cards have been delivered Vered and arc with the doorman. Sent from my !Phone On Apr 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin < wrote: I am here until 1 pm...hand deliver or leave with doorman ! Both very safe:) Please note, my email address has changed to Fro Sent: Monday, April 2, 2018 7:18 A

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Eva Dubin 
From: 
Sent: 
on 
3:11:16 PM 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Eva Andersson 
Gift cards have been delivered Vered and arc with the doorman. 
Sent from my !Phone 
On Apr 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin < 
wrote: 
I am here until 1 pm...hand deliver or leave with doorman ! Both very safe:) 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
Fro 
Sent: Monday, April 2, 2018 7:18 AM 
To: Eva Dubin 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Good morning Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a gift delivered to Maya. I understand you are 
home from vacation. May we bring to the apartment today? Please advise if We should 
hand deliver at a specific time or ok to leave with the doorman. (The gift is valuable gift 
cards!). Thank you, 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_01019507 
EFTA02244719

