# EFTA02638626

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: hillary, bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey =. [mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> ]|
|To|Barry J. Cohen|
|Sent|Thursday, August 31, 2017 8:42 AM|
|Subject|Re: [External] Re: Accounting presentationsq=pan>|

---

**[FULL]:** hu, Aug 31, 2017 at 7:21 AM, Barry J. Cohen <=a href=' target="_blank' => wrote: > <=> We are indeed looking=at 5 different products. Have narrowed it down to 2. We are thinking=about it the same way you are. We have hired Tania Nield, a family office IT consultant (most famous for s=tting up Hillary Clinton's home office servers). In addition to simply automating presentations, a key focus for us is integ=ating into a database. If we pay a bill for landscaping in Bedford or make=a trust's capital contribution for an investment, we need that to both=show up both on financial statements and be 

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, September 1, 2017 1:53 PM 
To: 
Barry J. Cohen 
Subject: 
Re: [External] Re: Accounting presentations 
no rush 
On Fri, Sep 1, 2017 at 9:48 AM, Barry J. Cohen < 
» wrote: 
Still waiting for LDB =80 s sign off to send you the comprehensive documents. If we don=E2 t hear back from 
him, maybe I can send you some more limited examp=es. 
From: jeffrey =. [mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> ] 
Sent: Thursday, August 31, 2017 8:42 AM 
To: Barry J. Cohen 
Subject: Re: [External] Re: Accounting presentationsq=pan> 
not sure what you use. if you and leon are happy with it. I have no dog in the fight.. why dont you send me 
=hat it is that you like 
On Thu, Aug 31, 2017 at 8:37 AM, Barry J. Cohen <=a href=' 
target="_blanie 
=> wrote: 
Samples of each what? =AO As I say, the goal is for the output, say for the trust presentation, t= appear in the 
Elysium-designated format. We have a format that we and Leon =re happy with. Our goal is to have each system 
replicate that report= more or less, in a convenient way. We show the vendor a report form=t and ask them to 
demonstrate that they can replicate it. 
<1=> 
Also, we have dozens of r=port types. 
</=> 
So while we can ask our v=ndors to send us a sample, off the shelf balance sheet, it's not s=mething we would 
likely ever look at. Once we pick the vendor, we would cust=mize it into our format. 
<1=> 
Would you like to see the=formats that we currently use? 
EFTA_R1_01870306 
EFTA02638626

<1=> 
Feel free to call me if I=E2 m not understanding you. 
<1=> 
From: Jeffrey =. (mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> ) 
Sent: Thursday, August 31, 2017 8:17 AM 
To: Barry J. Cohen 
Subject: [External] Re: Accounting presentations 
can you send samples of each 
On Thu, Aug 31, 2017 at 7:21 AM, Barry J. Cohen <=a href=' 
target="_blank' 
=> wrote: 
> <=> 
We are indeed looking=at 5 different products. Have narrowed it down to 2. We are thinking=about it the same 
way you are. 
We have hired Tania Nield, a family office IT consultant (most famous for s=tting up Hillary Clinton's home office 
servers). 
In addition to simply automating presentations, a key focus for us is integ=ating into a database. If we pay a bill 
for landscaping in Bedford or make=a trust's capital contribution for an investment, we need that to both=show up both 
on financial statements and be appropriately tagged in a database for future retrieval and slicing=dicing type analyses. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 31, 2017, at 7:12 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com<=a>» wrote: 
ask for 5 diffferent versions. there are many wealth prog=ams. . best of class should be easy for them.. t=ey 
need to be useful, as they only for internal use. =A0separate from gaming and bank. . especially trust presentati=ns 
On Thu, Au 31, 2017 at 7:03 AM, Barry J. Cohen < 
<mailto 
<=a>» wrote: 
We are working with a consultant to upgrade our accounting system, which is=currently Quickbooks. So we are 
seeing a wide variety. 
Our approach is mostly the following: "We like our presentations= How can we automate them?" 
I think you are saying the same thing on the second point. Are you also say=ng that you think the presentation 
formats can be improved? If so, i= would be helpful to know which ones, so we can get examples of alternativ= styles. 
We have numerous formats for various types of reports. 
Sent from my iPhone 
2 
EFTA_R1_01870307 
EFTA02638627

On Aug 31, 2017, at 6:39 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com<=a»<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
><mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended =olely for the person or entity to whom 
they are addressed and may contain =onfidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, dissem=nation 
or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities oth=r than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this ema=I in error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any comp=ter. Apollo Global Management, U.0 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are con=idential and intended solely for the person or entity to 
whom they are add=essed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review,=retransmission, 
dissemination or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by=persons or entities other than 
the intended recipient is prohibited. If yo= have received this email in error please contact the sender and delete th= 
material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, RC 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
3 
EFTA_R1_01870308 
EFTA02638628

destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended =olely for the person or entity to whom 
they are addressed and may contain =onfidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, dissem=nation 
or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities oth=r than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this ema=l in error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any comp=ter. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a114d66d271f0a50558211308-- conversation-id 33155 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1504273966 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 745705 
4 
EFTA_R1_01870309 
EFTA02638629

