# EFTA00038206 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 11

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, November 03, 2020 8:00 PM
- **Subject:** RE: C-20 Request for assistance - Maxwell case

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: " (NY) (FBI)" <I To: " (NY) (FBI)" <1 Subject: RE: C-20 Request for assistance - Maxwell case Date: Wed, 04 Nov 2020 17:32:36 +0000 Importance: Normal Thanks =. told me he was not available for Friday, so if the other two would be available, that would be great. From: (NY) (FBI) < Sent: Wednesday, November 4, 2020 12:32 PM To: . (NY) (FBI) < > Cc: (NY) (FBI) < > Subject: RE

### Match 2
> :32:36 +0000 Importance: Normal Thanks =. told me he was not available for Friday, so if the other two would be available, that would be great. From: (NY) (FBI) < Sent: Wednesday, November 4, 2020 12:32 PM To: . (NY) (FBI) < > Cc: (NY) (FBI) < > Subject: RE: C-20 Request for assistance - Maxwell case Hi I sent it to and to see if they were available. I am aware that is not available but I am not sure about yet. I have two others I can send it to before I send it out to the whole group. From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Tuesday, November 03, 2020 8:00 PM To: (NY) (FBI) < > Subject: RE: C-

### Match 3
> to see if they were available. I am aware that is not available but I am not sure about yet. I have two others I can send it to before I send it out to the whole group. From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Tuesday, November 03, 2020 8:00 PM To: (NY) (FBI) < > Subject: RE: C-20 Request for assistance - Maxwell case Hi Would you mind canvassing for C-20 assistance for Friday? Maxwell's defense is asking to review discovery materials at MDC on Friday. Same request as before where it would be from 8am-3pm. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could

### Match 4
> not sure about yet. I have two others I can send it to before I send it out to the whole group. From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Tuesday, November 03, 2020 8:00 PM To: (NY) (FBI) < > Subject: RE: C-20 Request for assistance - Maxwell case Hi Would you mind canvassing for C-20 assistance for Friday? Maxwell's defense is asking to review discovery materials at MDC on Friday. Same request as before where it would be from 8am-3pm. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the

### Match 5
> 20 assistance for Friday? Maxwell's defense is asking to review discovery materials at MDC on Friday. Same request as before where it would be from 8am-3pm. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Thanks! Special Agent FBI New York Field Office Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking C: From: (NY) (FBI) < Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 3:33 PM To: . (NY) (FBI) < > Subject: C-20 Request for assistance - Maxwell case No problem EFTA00038206 On

### Match 6
> ally be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Thanks! Special Agent FBI New York Field Office Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking C: From: (NY) (FBI) < Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 3:33 PM To: . (NY) (FBI) < > Subject: C-20 Request for assistance - Maxwell case No problem EFTA00038206 On Oct 28, 2020 3:30 PM,' Hi (NY) (FBI)" c> wrote: Sorry to be a bother. Maxwell's attorneys have requested to view the laptop and hard drive again this Friday from 11am to 2pm at MDC. Would you mind canvassing to see if 2 agents would be willing to assist? Tha

### Match 7
> Field Office Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking C: From: (NY) (FBI) < Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 3:33 PM To: . (NY) (FBI) < > Subject: C-20 Request for assistance - Maxwell case No problem EFTA00038206 On Oct 28, 2020 3:30 PM,' Hi (NY) (FBI)" c> wrote: Sorry to be a bother. Maxwell's attorneys have requested to view the laptop and hard drive again this Friday from 11am to 2pm at MDC. Would you mind canvassing to see if 2 agents would be willing to assist? Thank you! Special Agent FBI New York Field Office Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking C: From: (NY) (FBI) Sent:

### Match 8
> you two. On Oct 19, 2020 9:07 PM,' (NY) (FBI)" < > wrote: Hi SA Ambrosini is available to assist on Friday. On Oct 19, 2020 6:18 PM,' Hi (NY) (FBI)" c> wrote: This has been scheduled and rescheduled multiple times due to the availability of defense counsel. It has now been scheduled for Maxwell and her attorneys to review discovery items this Friday, 10/23/2020. is still available to assist but is unavailable. Would you mind canvassing for one agent to assist for Friday from 8am — 3p at the MDC? Thank you! Special Agent FBI New York Field Office Child Exploitation/Human Traffickin

### Match 9
> ext week Hi SA and SA Chang can assist . (NY) (FBI) Forwarded message From: "-(NY) (FBI)" Date: Oct 1, 2020 8:39 AM Subject: C-20 request for assistance next week To: NY-NADP < > Cc: ' (NY) (FBI)" >," (NYPD)" < All- (NY) Squad C-20 is requesting assistance from two agents for the Maxwell investigation. They are looking for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially b

### Match 10
> istance next week To: NY-NADP < > Cc: ' (NY) (FBI)" >," (NYPD)" < All- (NY) Squad C-20 is requesting assistance from two agents for the Maxwell investigation. They are looking for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able to assist Thanks, EFTA00038208
