# EFTA02516203

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, December 28, 2014 5:56 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Yes On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin > wrote: did you leave?? addr=ss? On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: Come by!! Sent from my iPhone =br>On Dec 27, 2014, at 9:06 AM, jeffrey E. <je=vacation@gmail.com <javascript:_e(%7=%7D,icvmUjeevacation@gmail.co

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, December 28, 2014 5:56 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Yes On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin > wrote: did you leave?? addr=ss? On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: Come by!! Sent from my iPhone =br>On Dec 27, 2014, at 9:06 AM, jeffrey E. <je=vacation@gmail.com <javascript:_e(%7=%7D,icvmUjeevacation@gmail.com.);» wrote: staying now until 2 come vist <=1> please =ot

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, December 28, 2014 5:56 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Yes On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin > wrote: did you leave?? addr=ss? On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: Come by!! Sent from my iPhone =br>On Dec 27, 2014, at 9:06 AM, jeffrey E. <je=vacation@gmail.com <javascript:_e(%7=%7D,icvmUjeevacation@gmail.com.);» wrote: staying now until 2 come vist <=1> please =ote The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorn

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, December 28, 2014 5:56 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
Yes 
On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin 
> wrote: 
did you leave?? 
addr=ss? 
On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
Come by!! 
Sent from my iPhone 
=br>On Dec 27, 2014, at 9:06 AM, jeffrey E. <je=vacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7=%7D,icvmUjeevacation@gmail.com.);» wrote: 
staying now until 2 come vist 
<=1> 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is 
confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If =ou have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacatio=@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%78%7D, HcvmlVjeevacation@gmail.corni);> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof,<=r>including all attachments. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01651006 
EFTA02516203

please n=te 
The information contained in this communication is 
confident=al, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informatio=, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property=of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communicat=on or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If y=u have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediate=y by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation=gmail.com <javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'=cvmr,leevacation@gmail.com);> 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof,including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
=C24, please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constit=te inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addresse=. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying =f this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and =ay be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and<=r>destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof, 
including all atta=hments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01651007 
EFTA02516204

