# EFTA00013769 -- ALAN DERSHOWITZ

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 3

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ney's office also implied that their credibility was an issue when it decided not to charge Epstein directly, but instead give the case to the grand jury. "A prosecutor has to look at it in a much broader fashion," a state attorney's spokesman said last week. Epstein hired Harvard law Professor Alan Dershowitz when he became aware he was under investigation, and Dershowitz gave prosecutors information that some of the alleged victims had spoke of using alcohol and marijuana on a popular Web site, according to a Palm Beach police report. Prosecutors typically consider two things in deciding whether to

### Match 2
> office also implied that their credibility was an issue when it decided not to charge Epstein directly, but instead give the case to the grand jury. "A prosecutor has to look at it in a much broader fashion," a state attorney's spokesman said last week. Epstein hired Harvard law Professor Alan Dershowitz when he became aware he was under investigation, and Dershowitz gave prosecutors information that some of the alleged victims had spoke of using alcohol and marijuana on a popular Web site, according to a Palm Beach police report. Prosecutors typically consider two things in deciding whether to

### Match 3
> decided not to charge Epstein directly, but instead give the case to the grand jury. "A prosecutor has to look at it in a much broader fashion," a state attorney's spokesman said last week. Epstein hired Harvard law Professor Alan Dershowitz when he became aware he was under investigation, and Dershowitz gave prosecutors information that some of the alleged victims had spoke of using alcohol and marijuana on a popular Web site, according to a Palm Beach police report. Prosecutors typically consider two things in deciding whether to charge somebody with sex-related offenses against minors — wheth
