# EFTA02619496

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: foundation, philanthrop

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** From: Sent: Wednesday, September 13, 2017 6:47 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: msg from touchline <=div> We have media platform in the region called philanthropy age w=th gates foundation. The guys who are workin= with us is Kofi Rashid Gates foundation advisor who report dirct=y to bill This is the link http://www.philanthropyage.org <httpl=www.philanthropyage.org> Please ask him not to focus on philanthropy age ... As its i= one aspect of the over all deliverables thnx Sent fr

**[ORG]:** From: Sent: Wednesday, September 13, 2017 6:47 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: msg from touchline <=div> We have media platform in the region called philanthropy age w=th gates foundation. The guys who are workin= with us is Kofi Rashid Gates foundation advisor who report dirct=y to bill This is the link http://www.philanthropyage.org <httpl=www.philanthropyage.org> Please ask him not to focus on philanthropy age ... As its i= one aspect of the over all deliverables thnx Sent from=my i Phone On Sep 13, 2017, at 4:07 AM, jeffrey E. «= href="mai

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Wednesday, September 13, 2017 6:47 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
msg from touchline 
<=div> 
We have media platform in the region called philanthropy age w=th gates foundation. 
The guys who are workin= with us is 
Kofi Rashid Gates foundation advisor who report dirct=y to bill This is the link http://www.philanthropyage.org 
<httpl=www.philanthropyage.org> 
Please ask him not to focus on philanthropy age ... As its i= one aspect of the over all deliverables thnx Sent from=my 
i Phone 
On Sep 13, 2017, at 4:07 AM, jeffrey E. «= href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com">jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:=br> 
Wed at 2= 
On Wed, Sep 13, 2017 at 12:26 AM &=t; 
wrote: 
hi ha=ebey i m in new york .. the sooner we meet the faster i go back to be wi=h my son on his first 
week in a new school .. 
if you bussy dont worry i can wait until thursd=y 
thnx again 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 9, 20=7, at 7:43 PM, jeffrey E. 
> 
wrote: 
see you then :) 
On Sat, Sep 9, 2017 at 6:42 PM, &=t 
<mailto: 
> wrote: 
jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01824358 
EFTA02619496

what is your shoes size if you dont mind me asking? 
Sent f=om my iPhone 
On Sep 9, 2017, at 4:30 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com<=a» wrote: 
I think trump cut the legs off your guy . He would like to take all th= credit . If 
there is a deal or be seen to be strong on terror adiv> 
On Sat, Sep 9, 2017 at 2:34 AM jeff=ey E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
<=iv dir="auto">See you I in. Ew york thurs? 
On Fri, Sep 8, 2017 at 11:48 PM 
<mailto: 
> w=ote: 
tamem ju=t called mbs .. he want to sit and talk .. breakthrough 
Sent from my=i Phone 
On Sep 8, 2017, at 1=33 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
I will get !arson to call you 
On Fri, Sep 8, 2=17 at 12:26 PM, 
<mailto
 > wrote: 
i will bring you some kuwaiti gifts b=t not food° 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 8, 2=17, at 11:52 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what is your schedule in new york how I=ng will you be there? 
please not= 
The information contained in this communication is 
2 
EFTA_R1_01824359 
EFTA02619497

confidential= may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, a=d is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property ofJEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or=any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have=received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication a=d all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights r=served 
please note 
confidential, may be a=torney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
U=authorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part t=ereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-m=il or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation®gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copi=s thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
=nbsp; 
please note 
The information con=ained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client priv=leged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
th= use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly=prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communicati=n in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail t= jeevacation@gma=l.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
3 
EFTA_R1_01824360 
EFTA02619498

destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
&=bsp; please note 
The information contained in this communication is=br>confidential, may be 
attorney-client privileged, may 
<mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> , and 
attorney-client privileged, may 
<mailto:jeevacation@=mail.com> , and 
constitute insid= information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is t=e property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
=ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlaw=ul. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us i=mediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
destroy this=communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrig=t -all rights reserved 
&n=sp; please note 
The information contained in this communication is<=r>confidential, may be 
constitute inside=information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is th= property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
c=mmunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawf=l. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us im=ediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
destroy this c=mmunication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright=-all rights reserved 
please note 
The inf=rmation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney=client privileged, may 
4 
EFTA_R1_01824361 
EFTA02619499

constitute inside information, and is intended on=y for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthor=zed use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof=is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
return e-mail or=by e-mail to jee=acation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
&nb=p; 
please note 
The information contained in=this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, m=y 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of t=e addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure o= copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibite= 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in erro=, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, a=d 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all at=achments. copyright -all rights reserved 
&=bsp; please note 
The information contained in this communication is=br>confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute insid= information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is t=e property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
=ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlaw=ul. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us i=mediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> , and 
destroy this=communication and all copies thereof, 
5 
EFTA_R1_01824362 
EFTA02619500

including all attachments. copyrig=t -all rights reserved 
please note 
=div>The information contained in this communication is confidential, may=be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is=intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE=br>Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any p=rt thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
recei=ed this communication in error, please notify us immediately by retur= e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all=copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserve= 
</=iv> 
please note 
Th= information contained in this communication is confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intend=d only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Una=thorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received th=s communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-ma=l or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copie= thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <=div> = 
6 
EFTA_R1_01824363 
EFTA02619501

