# EFTA00017848 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 3

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 329 Filed 08/25/21 Page 1 of 1 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY PILED DOC 0: DATE I:11.ED: 8/25/21 20-CR-330 (AJN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: Defendant submitted a letter on August 18 informing the Court about disruptions of attorney-client video teleconferences. Dkt. No. 319. After conferrin

### Match 2
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 329 Filed 08/25/21 Page 1 of 1 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY PILED DOC 0: DATE I:11.ED: 8/25/21 20-CR-330 (AJN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: Defendant submitted a letter on August 18 informing the Court about disruptions of attorney-client video teleconferences. Dkt. No. 319. After c

### Match 3
> iently addresses her other requests. The Court finds MDC Legal's assurance that Defendant's communications have not been interfered with, recorded, or listened to sufficient. No further application for relief was made in Defendant's August 24 reply. Dkt. No. 327. The Court remains confident that Ms. Maxwell is fully able to communicate with her defense counsel and to prepare for trial. If Defendant experiences further issues in communicating with her counsel, she should promptly notify the Court after conferring in good faith with the Government and MDC Legal. SO ORDERED. Dated: August 25, 2021
