# EFTA02342032

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Karyna Shuliak Sent: Friday, November 18, 2016 11:18 PM To: Eva Dubin Cc: Jeffrey Subject: Re: Flying to PB I am so sorry Eva, I did not know! It is definitely not a good idea for me t= fly with you in that case! Sorry for the misunderstanding.. > On Nov 18, 2016, at 6:09 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: > 6.15 > Please remember is very allergic to cats so we need to

**[FULL]:** From: Karyna Shuliak Sent: Friday, November 18, 2016 11:18 PM To: Eva Dubin Cc: Jeffrey Subject: Re: Flying to PB I am so sorry Eva, I did not know! It is definitely not a good idea for me t= fly with you in that case! Sorry for the misunderstanding.. > On Nov 18, 2016, at 6:09 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: > 6.15 > Please remember is very allergic to cats so we need to keep that toge=her in mind > Sent from my iPhone » On Nov 18, 2016, at 4:51 PM, Karyna Shuliak wr=te: » Hi Eva, » Thank you soo much for kindly allowing me to fly with you guys to Palm Be=ch with my cats! Jeffrey has as

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Sent: 
Friday, November 18, 2016 11:18 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Cc: 
Jeffrey 
Subject: 
Re: Flying to PB 
I am so sorry Eva, I did not know! It is definitely not a good idea for me t= fly with you in that case! 
Sorry for the misunderstanding.. 
> On Nov 18, 2016, at 6:09 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
> 6.15 
> Please remember 
is very allergic to cats so we need to keep that toge=her in mind 
> Sent from my iPhone 
» On Nov 18, 2016, at 4:51 PM, Karyna Shuliak 
wr=te: 
» Hi Eva, 
» Thank you soo much for kindly allowing me to fly with you guys to Palm Be=ch with my cats! Jeffrey has asked me to 
coordinate with you about the flig=t and the timing please.. 
>> 
» Thank you very much! 
» Karyna 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
alict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01308635 
EFTA02342032

