# EFTA02542804

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, foundation

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, August 27, 2011 7:14 PM To: Jes Staley; Erdoes, Mary E Careful, the people at Gates- Gabriella Fitzgerald is a a public advocacy prrson„ no real experience in anything but„ jennifer alcon is very junior,=AO Connie Colligswrth, and Dick . are the senior people , and they say the= are getting confusing messages from JPM. They say that JPM wants to use t=e current foundation to do

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, August 27, 2011 7:14 PM 
To: 
Jes Staley; Erdoes, Mary E 
Careful, the people at Gates- Gabriella Fitzgerald is a a public advocacy prrson„ no real experience in anything but„ 
jennifer alcon is very junior,=AO Connie Colligswrth, and Dick . are the senior people , and they say the= are getting 
confusing messages from JPM. They say that JPM wants to use t=e current foundation to do other things. Bill is at his 
country house. =nd most likely will not deal with it before wed. There are too many peo=le without direction. lets 
speak„ 
T=e information contained in this communication is confidential, may be a=torney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is int=nded only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received t=is communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or=by e-mail to 
je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--20cf3079b5c4e4ebf904ab817740-- conversation•id 197114 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1314472457 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 176580 
1 
EFTA_R1_01693890 
EFTA02542804

