# EFTA00019217 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 01:55:37 +0000 opens Thanks, From: Se To: Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell opens Good luck!! Worthy case, and you'll crush it. Assistant United States Attorney U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York One St. Andrew's Plaza IM

### Match 2
> From: To: Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 01:55:37 +0000 opens Thanks, From: Se To: Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell opens Good luck!! Worthy case, and you'll crush it. Assistant United States Attorney U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York One St. Andrew's Plaza IMO On Nov 28, 2021, at 9:59 AM rote: There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them

### Match 3
> From: To: Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 01:55:37 +0000 opens Thanks, From: Se To: Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell opens Good luck!! Worthy case, and you'll crush it. Assistant United States Attorney U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York One St. Andrew's P

### Match 4
> From: To: Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 01:55:37 +0000 opens Thanks, From: Se To: Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell opens Good luck!! Worthy case, and you'll crush it. Assistant United States Attorney U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York One St. Andrew's Plaza IMO On Nov 28, 2021, at 9:59 AM rote: There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would requi

### Match 5
> have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable. will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318 Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906. T
