# EFTA02431278

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnailcorn>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Thu Jan 14 19:20:41 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation@gmaitcomueevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 1/15/2010 12:59:21 AM Subject: Re: No spoke to ross. Will call later. Nothing there though. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnailcorn> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Jan 14 19:20:41 2010 Subject: I don't remember , is there a place to land the hell at the yacht dock *****

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation@gmaitcomueevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 1/15/2010 12:59:21 AM Subject: Re: No spoke to ross. Will call later. Nothing there though. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnailcorn> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Jan 14 19:20:41 2010 Subject: I don't remember , is there a place to land the hell at the yacht dock ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may const

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation@gmaitcomueevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Fri 1/15/2010 12:59:21 AM 
Subject: Re: 
No spoke to ross. Will call later. Nothing there though. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnailcorn> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Thu Jan 14 19:20:41 2010 
Subject: 
I don't remember , is there a place to land the hell at the yacht dock 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01501479 
EFTA02431278

