# EFTA02439049

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Friday, October 23, 2009 11:30 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinijeevacationagmail.comj From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Fri 10/23/2009 3:42:32 PM Subject: RE: mike carroll called steve sussman to organize the call. mike wants to be on the call but can't do it today. he and steve are coordinating calendars. g From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Friday, October 23, 2009 11:30 A

**[WORD]:** Sent Fri 10/23/2009 3:42:32 PM Subject: RE: mike carroll called steve sussman to organize the call. mike wants to be on the call but can't do it today. he and steve are coordinating calendars. g From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Friday, October 23, 2009 11:30 AM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: what happened to 12? ***************** ************** **************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinijeevacationagmail.comj 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent 
Fri 10/23/2009 3:42:32 PM 
Subject: RE: 
mike carroll called steve sussman to organize the call. mike wants to be on the call but can't do it today. he and 
steve are coordinating calendars. g 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, October 23, 2009 11:30 AM 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Subject: 
what happened to 12? 
***************** 
************** 
**************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately no* the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01512669 
EFTA02439049

