# EFTA02402741

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|j=evacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** We are planning to go back all of us this weekend.' just gave him 10mg of Valium....should sleep through the night... &n=sp; Date: Mon, 10 Aug 2015 19:30:06 -0=00 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: i have the 727 with me her=, full bed if he need s On Mon, Aug 10, 2015 at 7:22 =M, Eva Dubin <evadubin@hotmail.com <mailto:evadubin@hotmail.=om> wrote: =0A=0A=div> not great. We went back to the ER today. CT scan o= both wrists showed fractures on both sides.... We are going back to NY=this weekend for surgery on both wrists. His back is in bad spasm.... Date: Mon, 10 Aug 2015 19:1

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Tuesday, August 11, 2015 5:11 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
RE: 
you are so nice.... 
I will ca=l you tomorrow.... 
We are planning to go back all of us this weekend.' just gave him 10mg of Valium....should sleep through the night... 
&n=sp; 
Date: Mon, 10 Aug 2015 19:30:06 -0=00 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
i have the 727 with me her=, full bed if he need s 
On Mon, Aug 10, 2015 at 7:22 =M, Eva Dubin <evadubin@hotmail.com <mailto:evadubin@hotmail.=om>  wrote: 
=0A=0A=div> 
not great. We went back to the ER today. 
CT scan o= both wrists showed fractures on both sides.... 
We are going back to NY=this weekend 
for surgery on both wrists. 
His back is in bad spasm.... 
Date: Mon, 10 Aug 2015 19:18:51 -0600 
Subj=ct: 
From: j=evacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
hows poppi<=r clear="all"> 
&nbs=; 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client =rivileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only =or 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA_R1_01440596 
EFTA02402741

Unauthoriz=d use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereo= is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this<=r>communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e•ma=I or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all c=pies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserv=d 
=/div> 
=/blockquote> 
=3B please note 
The information contained in this communica=ion is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
cons=itute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the add=essee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or c=pying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedar>and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error=2C please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<=a>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inclu=ing all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=0A=/div> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01440597 
EFTA02402742

