# EFTA00018544 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> eting Case Overview Acting U.S. Attorney Audrey Strauss November 5, 2020 I. Anticipated Charges and Investigative Steps EFTA00018544 DAG Meeting Case Overview Acting U.S. Attorney Audrey Strauss November 5, 2020 II. Charged Cases U.S. v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN): This summer, we charged Ghislaine Maxwell with conspiring to entice minors to travel for the purpose of sexual abuse in connection with helping Jeffrey Epstein to abuse his many victims. The case focused on three specific victims that traveled to be abused by Epstein, including instances in which Maxwell herself participated in the act

### Match 2
> eting Case Overview Acting U.S. Attorney Audrey Strauss November 5, 2020 I. Anticipated Charges and Investigative Steps EFTA00018544 DAG Meeting Case Overview Acting U.S. Attorney Audrey Strauss November 5, 2020 II. Charged Cases U.S. v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN): This summer, we charged Ghislaine Maxwell with conspiring to entice minors to travel for the purpose of sexual abuse in connection with helping Jeffrey Epstein to abuse his many victims. The case focused on three specific victims that traveled to be abused by Epstein, including instances in which Maxwell herself participated in

### Match 3
> DAG Meeting Case Overview Acting U.S. Attorney Audrey Strauss November 5, 2020 I. Anticipated Charges and Investigative Steps EFTA00018544 DAG Meeting Case Overview Acting U.S. Attorney Audrey Strauss November 5, 2020 II. Charged Cases U.S. v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN): This summer, we charged Ghislaine Maxwell with conspiring to entice minors to travel for the purpose of sexual abuse in connection with helping Jeffrey Epstein to abuse his many victims. The case focused on three specific victims that traveled to be abused by Epstein, includin

### Match 4
> his summer, we charged Ghislaine Maxwell with conspiring to entice minors to travel for the purpose of sexual abuse in connection with helping Jeffrey Epstein to abuse his many victims. The case focused on three specific victims that traveled to be abused by Epstein, including instances in which Maxwell herself participated in the acts of abuse. Trial is set for this coming July. We are finishing discovery, and motions are scheduled for December. Motion practice could generate further press; for example, the defendant continues to press for the identity of the specific victims, and if she is su
