# EFTA02478622

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: TITLE | XRefs: epstein, president

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[TITLE]:** n Woetzel Kate Burton Lil Buck Riley Alfre Woodard Herbie Hancock Tony Kushner Natalia Zukerman =E24040 Q=804k and those who have agreed to tape with me i=clude Sal=y Field Lena D=nham Yo Yo Ma=C2* Anna Dev=are Smith 40=80.and more. T=ose in other fields include journalists, senators, president clinton etc e=c. You've read my pitch before (many times) EFTA_R1_01593322 EFTA02478622 His is one of only two releases that we haven't=gotten. What do you think of my chances? Lisa Elisa New Powell M. Cabot Professor of American Literature =br>Harvard University 148 Barker Center 12 Quincy Street

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lisa New < 
Sent: 
Monday, December 7, 2015 7:01 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
and....another bit of advice ...? on WA 
Dea= Jeffrey, 
As you p=obably know, Woody Allen's legal team said that we couldn't use th= film we shot of him: online, for 
broadcast, anywhere. 
It was a fantastic experience =aping with him and so, even if I can't ever use the footage, I'm s=ill grateful to you for 
making the day possible. But of course I'd lik= to use the footage. I decided when--way back-- we got this very negative 
=nswer back from his lawyers that I should just take my time ab=ut asking --since it would take us 2 years to be ready to 
edit the footage=anyway (The online course is chronological. When I taped Woody we were sti=l back in 1730. Now 
we've gotten to the 1920s) 
Well, we've now arrived at the seaso= when we'll be editing materials on William Carlos Williams for our co=rse on 
Modernism and, as we discussed on Saturday, on poetry =nd other arts, The Poetry of Art, Sport, and Play 
I would also, of course, love to m=ke a tv episode out of the conversation, but the threshold question is whe=her he'll 
let us use it for anything at all. In case it would ma=ter, 
Other perform=rs who have already taped with me include 
John Lithgow, 
Diane Paulus 
Julie Taymor 
Nas 
Eve Ensler 
Damian Woetzel 
Kate Burton 
Lil Buck Riley 
Alfre Woodard 
Herbie Hancock 
Tony Kushner 
Natalia Zukerman =E24040 
Q=804k 
and those who have agreed to tape with me i=clude 
Sal=y Field 
Lena D=nham 
Yo Yo Ma=C2* 
Anna Dev=are Smith 
40=80.and more. 
T=ose in other fields include journalists, senators, president clinton etc e=c. You've read my pitch before (many times) 
EFTA_R1_01593322 
EFTA02478622

His is one of only two releases that we haven't=gotten. What do you think of my chances? 
Lisa 
Elisa New 
Powell M. Cabot Professor of American Literature =br>Harvard University 
148 Barker Center 
12 Quincy Street 
Cambridg=, MA 
O2138 
2 
EFTA_R1_01593323 
EFTA02478623

