# EFTA02431163

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Fri Feb 05 19:23:32 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationegmaitconteeyacation©gmaitcom] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sat 2/6/2010 12:34:57 AM Subject: Re: Yes sir! From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Fri Feb 05 19:23:32 2010 Subject: could you find the name of a landscape arch in pucrto rico? thanks ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ***

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationegmaitconteeyacation©gmaitcom] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sat 2/6/2010 12:34:57 AM Subject: Re: Yes sir! From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Fri Feb 05 19:23:32 2010 Subject: could you find the name of a landscape arch in pucrto rico? thanks ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitut

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationegmaitconteeyacation©gmaitcom] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Sat 2/6/2010 12:34:57 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Yes sir! 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Fri Feb 05 19:23:32 2010 
Subject: 
could you find the name of a landscape arch in pucrto rico? thanks 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smaiLcom, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01501279 
EFTA02431163

