# EFTA02574771

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, September 12 2013 12:21 PM To: Nina K.; Lesley Groff Subject: Re: you can also tell your uncle that bill gates, ehud bara=, who he recently met with and thorborn jagland, sec general counsel=of the councsel of europe will be at the house. if we would like to join h= is welcone On Thu,-..Sep 12, 2013 at 8:17 AM, Nina K. Hello Jeffrey, aiv> I am officially a permanent resident ( finally!). Still waiting

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, September 12 2013 12:21 PM 
To: 
Nina K.; Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Re: 
you can also tell your uncle that bill gates, ehud bara=, who he recently met with and thorborn jagland, sec general 
counsel=of the councsel of europe will be at the house. if we would like to join h= is welcone 
On Thu,-..Sep 12, 2013 at 8:17 AM, Nina K. 
Hello Jeffrey, 
aiv> 
I am officially a permanent resident ( finally!). 
Still waiting to talk to my uncle in person. He'll be here next week so=l'll ask for his opinion. 
Also I asked around for an assi=tant and I believe I found someone. From Congo brazza, 34. 
Sent from Nina's iPhone 
On Sep 12, 2013, at 6:53 AM, &quo=;Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what s new 
************ 
***** 
******** 
** ***** 
******* 
***** 
***** 
The information conta=ned in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privi=eged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01745828 
EFTA02574771

The inform=tion contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-c=ient privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01745829 
EFTA02574772

