# EFTA00038117 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 27

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, October 8, 2020 12:59 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Help with Maxwell discovery

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' To: ' , " Cc: Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Help with Maxwell discovery Date: Thu, 08 Oct 2020 17:24:18 +0000 Importance: Normal Thanks very much. From: Sent: Thursday, October 8, 2020 1:22 PM To: >; Cc: Subject: RE: Help with Maxwell discovery Yes it's the data we received from the carriers. I'll take a look when we receive it from our evidence uni

### Match 2
> From: ' To: ' , " Cc: Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Help with Maxwell discovery Date: Thu, 08 Oct 2020 17:24:18 +0000 Importance: Normal Thanks very much. From: Sent: Thursday, October 8, 2020 1:22 PM To: >; Cc: Subject: RE: Help with Maxwell discovery Yes it's the data we received from the carriers. I'll take a look when we receive it from our evidence unit. I don't really have control over the format, but I'll take a look before sending over to you. From: Sent: Thursday, October 8, 2020 1:18 PM To: Cc: Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL]

### Match 3
> t's the data we received from the carriers. I'll take a look when we receive it from our evidence unit. I don't really have control over the format, but I'll take a look before sending over to you. From: Sent: Thursday, October 8, 2020 1:18 PM To: Cc: Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Help with Maxwell discovery Thanks I think those were GPS data for Maxwell's phone, is that right? If so, the blu-rays had the data in a format I'd never seen before, so not sure if there's a different format you can use. From: Sent: Thursday, October 8, 2020 12:59 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Help with Maxwell d

### Match 4
> k when we receive it from our evidence unit. I don't really have control over the format, but I'll take a look before sending over to you. From: Sent: Thursday, October 8, 2020 1:18 PM To: Cc: Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Help with Maxwell discovery Thanks I think those were GPS data for Maxwell's phone, is that right? If so, the blu-rays had the data in a format I'd never seen before, so not sure if there's a different format you can use. From: Sent: Thursday, October 8, 2020 12:59 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Help with Maxwell discovery Hey and Just FYI, regarding those blu rays that

### Match 5
> h Maxwell discovery Thanks I think those were GPS data for Maxwell's phone, is that right? If so, the blu-rays had the data in a format I'd never seen before, so not sure if there's a different format you can use. From: Sent: Thursday, October 8, 2020 12:59 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Help with Maxwell discovery Hey and Just FYI, regarding those blu rays that were not working, we are having new copies pulled and made for you. It should take a day or two. I'll let you know when they are complete. EFTA00038117 From: Sent: Tuesday, October 6, 2020 1:08 PM To: Cc: Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL]

### Match 6
> and Just FYI, regarding those blu rays that were not working, we are having new copies pulled and made for you. It should take a day or two. I'll let you know when they are complete. EFTA00038117 From: Sent: Tuesday, October 6, 2020 1:08 PM To: Cc: Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Help with Maxwell discovery Happy to discuss! You can give me a call at whenever is convenient for you this afternoon. Thanks! From: Sent: Tuesday, October 6, 2020 1:00 PM To: >; Cc: Subject: RE: Help with Maxwell discovery or do you mind giving me a call when you have a second? I want to make sure I know

### Match 7
> : Sent: Tuesday, October 6, 2020 1:08 PM To: Cc: Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Help with Maxwell discovery Happy to discuss! You can give me a call at whenever is convenient for you this afternoon. Thanks! From: Sent: Tuesday, October 6, 2020 1:00 PM To: >; Cc: Subject: RE: Help with Maxwell discovery or do you mind giving me a call when you have a second? I want to make sure I know exactly which discs you are referring to. Thanks! From: Sent: Tuesday, October 6, 2020 9:43 AM To: Cc: >; Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Help with Maxwell discovery Good morning, and M, I hope

### Match 8
> PM To: >; Cc: Subject: RE: Help with Maxwell discovery or do you mind giving me a call when you have a second? I want to make sure I know exactly which discs you are referring to. Thanks! From: Sent: Tuesday, October 6, 2020 9:43 AM To: Cc: >; Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: Help with Maxwell discovery Good morning, and M, I hope you are both well! I'm following up on message below. We are still having difficulty viewing the files on Blu-Ray discs 102, 103, and 104. I'd really appreciate it if you would be able to connect me with whomever prepared those Blu-Ray discs for us, so we

### Match 9
> cs 102, 103, and 104. I'd really appreciate it if you would be able to connect me with whomever prepared those Blu-Ray discs for us, so we can figure out the best way to access them. Thank you very much for your help! From: Sent: Friday, October 2, 2020 7:26 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Help with Maxwell discovery c= > Got it, thanks very much for figuring that out! These came from and may be someone else at the FBI who handled the preparation of these files. I'm cc'ing and here. at the FBI, though there EFTA00038118 we are having issues with the files that you guys produced on the Blu-Ray

### Match 10
> having issues with the files that you guys produced on the Blu-Ray discs labeled 102, 103, and 104. Would you mind connecting with whoever at FBI prepared those discs so we can figure out how to view them? Thanks so much, From: Sent: Friday, October 2, 2020 4:20 PM To: Subject: FW: Help with Maxwell discovery Just looping you in - thinks that these files can't really be opened. Instead, the name of each zip file seems to point to a specific location hit, and what's inside each zip file seems to be the metadata of that hit. Do you happen to know the agent who provided these files? It might
