# EFTA02587505

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: mit, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** rote: Get back to NYC Sept 12-22 -- you around som=time then? Where are you last week in August/Labor Day weekend? On Aug 17, 2014, at 8:01 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:j=evacation@gmail.com> <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: does the week of sept 14 work now for island, Bill gates will b= with me monday 8th in ny ( us open if you want to meet then ). please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of J

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, August 17, 2014 10:12 PM 
To: 
Peter Thiel 
Subject: 
Re: 
30 in paris , with woody alien, return labor day, you are =elcome to fly with us for a very funny day, to ny , then 2 island 
=C2 what are your plans?, you are welcome anytime clin=on initatitive week of 21 st and the opening of general UN 
gen=ral assembly, last week in sept , many involved leaders=C2 foreign ministers. head of nobel peace prize commitee 
staying with m=, . 
On Sun,=Aug 17, 2014 at 5:16 PM, Peter Thiel 
=/span> wrote: 
Get back to NYC Sept 12-22 -- you around som=time then? 
Where are you last week in August/Labor Day weekend? 
On Aug 17, 2014, at 8:01 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:j=evacation@gmail.com> 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
does the week of sept 14 work now for island, Bill gates will b= with me monday 8th in ny ( us open if you want 
to meet then ). 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
<mailto:je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com», and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01768215 
EFTA02587505

The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use,=disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is stri=tly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commun=cation in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01768216 
EFTA02587506

