# EFTA00031432 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, April 13, 2021 7:38 PM
- **Subject:** Ghislaine Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> 0:55 +0000 ■ See below from Maxwell's attorney. I have no problem with Maxwell being able to read her legal paperwork while she's sitting in the cell block if the Marshals are ok with it. Thanks, From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 7:38 PM To: Cc: ris ian verdee Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Good evening- Might you have any sway in persuading the Marshal permit Ms. Maxwell to have her legal materials while in the cell block? She arrived today at — 5:15 am and remained idle in the cell block until — 8:30 am when she was brought to the fifth floor. Otherwise, any opposition to me co

### Match 2
> 0:55 +0000 ■ See below from Maxwell's attorney. I have no problem with Maxwell being able to read her legal paperwork while she's sitting in the cell block if the Marshals are ok with it. Thanks, From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 7:38 PM To: Cc: ris ian verdee Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Good evening- Might you have any sway in persuading the Marshal permit Ms. Maxwell to have her legal materials while in the cell block? She arrived today at — 5:15 am and remained idle in the cell block until — 8:30 am when she was brought to the fifth floor. Otherwise, any opposition

### Match 3
> e to read her legal paperwork while she's sitting in the cell block if the Marshals are ok with it. Thanks, From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 7:38 PM To: Cc: ris ian verdee Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Good evening- Might you have any sway in persuading the Marshal permit Ms. Maxwell to have her legal materials while in the cell block? She arrived today at — 5:15 am and remained idle in the cell block until — 8:30 am when she was brought to the fifth floor. Otherwise, any opposition to me contacting the Court for an order (per the Marshal)? Enjoy the evening. See you tomo

### Match 4
> From: To: Subject: Date: Wed, 14 Apr 2021 03:00:55 +0000 ■ See below from Maxwell's attorney. I have no problem with Maxwell being able to read her legal paperwork while she's sitting in the cell block if the Marshals are ok with it. Thanks, From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 7:38 PM To: Cc: ris ian verdee Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Good evening- Migh

### Match 5
> From: To: Subject: Date: Wed, 14 Apr 2021 03:00:55 +0000 ■ See below from Maxwell's attorney. I have no problem with Maxwell being able to read her legal paperwork while she's sitting in the cell block if the Marshals are ok with it. Thanks, From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 7:38 PM To: Cc: ris ian verdee Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Good evening- Might you have any sway in persuading the Marsh
