# EFTA00027846 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Peter Brightbill <pbrightbill®gmail.com>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Congrats and a Caution re: Maxwell Indictment & Apprehension

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ndividuals in law enforcement and corrections, that the MCC is not a secure facility and that Jeffrey Epstein's death there last summer was a homicide. Knowing, as I do, of the manpower, training and management problems which have plagued the BOP and seem to be endemic at the MCC, concerns about Ms. Maxwell's safety are not unfounded. I hope that your Office will seek remand and that Maxwell will be kept isolated in a private cell and monitored 24/7 by multiple cameras with all approaches to her cell covered and no blind spots, and that the feed from same will be monitored by a team of federal Marsh

### Match 2
> From: Peter Brightbill <pbrightbill®gmail.com> To: Subject: Congrats and a Caution re: Maxwell Indictment & Apprehension Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 17:28:04 +0000 Mr. I am a former prosecutor (Kings County DA, 1987-91, 1996-99) and helped lay the foundation for that Office's Crimes Against Children Bureau by setting up and hosting the first meeting of the NYPD Pedophilia Squad with prosecuto

### Match 3
> hat Jeffrey Epstein's death there last summer was a homicide. Knowing, as I do, of the manpower, training and management problems which have plagued the BOP and seem to be endemic at the MCC, concerns about Ms. Maxwell's safety are not unfounded. I hope that your Office will seek remand and that Maxwell will be kept isolated in a private cell and monitored 24/7 by multiple cameras with all approaches to her cell covered and no blind spots, and that the feed from same will be monitored by a team of federal Marshalls assigned to your Office. As I told BJ Pak when his Office contacted me a few yea

### Match 4
> ored 24/7 by multiple cameras with all approaches to her cell covered and no blind spots, and that the feed from same will be monitored by a team of federal Marshalls assigned to your Office. As I told BJ Pak when his Office contacted me a few years ago, I believe that the victims of the Epstein-Maxwell criminal organization or conspiracy were badly failed by Alex Acosta. I am happy to see that more competent and independent prosecutors are, at last, close to bringing their victims some measure of justice, however belated. Yours very truly, Peter Peter Basta Brightbill Published Work Sample
