# EFTA00019916 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 62

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> June 9, 2021 AUSA Det prep • • called her mother, to ask whether the mother would be willing to meet with AUSA and FBI. Call was placed on speakerphone. o asked to meet with government to tell what II remembers from when was a teenager and interacting with Maxwell o Without prompting, ■ said she remembered that ■ was spending a lot of time with , who would borrow car; IMI remembers receiving calls on her phone from and "Giselle or whatever her name is"; remembers receiving packages of Victoria's Secret lingerie o • told repeatedly not to tell w

### Match 2
> se that first time. o JE's house was on Palm Beach off the intercoastal. The house was pink when first went there, but was later painted white. 1 EFTA00019916 o When ■ & first arrived at JE's house, they walked into the kitchen where there was a chef cooking, who asked if wanted food. Then Maxwell approached. U believes Maxwell's first name may have been "Giselle" or "Gisine," but she is not certain. • is certain her last name was Maxwell, and referred to her as Maxwell. • does not know how to pronounce Maxwell's first name. ■ Maxwell was an older lady with black hair, about shoulder

### Match 3
> e was on Palm Beach off the intercoastal. The house was pink when first went there, but was later painted white. 1 EFTA00019916 o When ■ & first arrived at JE's house, they walked into the kitchen where there was a chef cooking, who asked if wanted food. Then Maxwell approached. U believes Maxwell's first name may have been "Giselle" or "Gisine," but she is not certain. • is certain her last name was Maxwell, and referred to her as Maxwell. • does not know how to pronounce Maxwell's first name. ■ Maxwell was an older lady with black hair, about shoulder length. Maxwell appeared to be

### Match 4
> 1 EFTA00019916 o When ■ & first arrived at JE's house, they walked into the kitchen where there was a chef cooking, who asked if wanted food. Then Maxwell approached. U believes Maxwell's first name may have been "Giselle" or "Gisine," but she is not certain. • is certain her last name was Maxwell, and referred to her as Maxwell. • does not know how to pronounce Maxwell's first name. ■ Maxwell was an older lady with black hair, about shoulder length. Maxwell appeared to be in her 40s. Maxwell had an accent, which recalls seeming like a mix of French and Australian. ■ introduced to

### Match 5
> st arrived at JE's house, they walked into the kitchen where there was a chef cooking, who asked if wanted food. Then Maxwell approached. U believes Maxwell's first name may have been "Giselle" or "Gisine," but she is not certain. • is certain her last name was Maxwell, and referred to her as Maxwell. • does not know how to pronounce Maxwell's first name. ■ Maxwell was an older lady with black hair, about shoulder length. Maxwell appeared to be in her 40s. Maxwell had an accent, which recalls seeming like a mix of French and Australian. ■ introduced to Maxwell as my friend ■ Maxwell

### Match 6
> the kitchen where there was a chef cooking, who asked if wanted food. Then Maxwell approached. U believes Maxwell's first name may have been "Giselle" or "Gisine," but she is not certain. • is certain her last name was Maxwell, and referred to her as Maxwell. • does not know how to pronounce Maxwell's first name. ■ Maxwell was an older lady with black hair, about shoulder length. Maxwell appeared to be in her 40s. Maxwell had an accent, which recalls seeming like a mix of French and Australian. ■ introduced to Maxwell as my friend ■ Maxwell told in presence that Jeffrey will be bac

### Match 7
> s a chef cooking, who asked if wanted food. Then Maxwell approached. U believes Maxwell's first name may have been "Giselle" or "Gisine," but she is not certain. • is certain her last name was Maxwell, and referred to her as Maxwell. • does not know how to pronounce Maxwell's first name. ■ Maxwell was an older lady with black hair, about shoulder length. Maxwell appeared to be in her 40s. Maxwell had an accent, which recalls seeming like a mix of French and Australian. ■ introduced to Maxwell as my friend ■ Maxwell told in presence that Jeffrey will be back soon and that should ta

### Match 8
> ed. U believes Maxwell's first name may have been "Giselle" or "Gisine," but she is not certain. • is certain her last name was Maxwell, and referred to her as Maxwell. • does not know how to pronounce Maxwell's first name. ■ Maxwell was an older lady with black hair, about shoulder length. Maxwell appeared to be in her 40s. Maxwell had an accent, which recalls seeming like a mix of French and Australian. ■ introduced to Maxwell as my friend ■ Maxwell told in presence that Jeffrey will be back soon and that should take upstairs and show her what to do. and then went upstairs into

### Match 9
> may have been "Giselle" or "Gisine," but she is not certain. • is certain her last name was Maxwell, and referred to her as Maxwell. • does not know how to pronounce Maxwell's first name. ■ Maxwell was an older lady with black hair, about shoulder length. Maxwell appeared to be in her 40s. Maxwell had an accent, which recalls seeming like a mix of French and Australian. ■ introduced to Maxwell as my friend ■ Maxwell told in presence that Jeffrey will be back soon and that should take upstairs and show her what to do. and then went upstairs into Jeffrey's bedroom, past his bed in

### Match 10
> , and referred to her as Maxwell. • does not know how to pronounce Maxwell's first name. ■ Maxwell was an older lady with black hair, about shoulder length. Maxwell appeared to be in her 40s. Maxwell had an accent, which recalls seeming like a mix of French and Australian. ■ introduced to Maxwell as my friend ■ Maxwell told in presence that Jeffrey will be back soon and that should take upstairs and show her what to do. and then went upstairs into Jeffrey's bedroom, past his bed into his bathroom. ■ When walked into the bathroom, she saw the sink to the right, shower and steam
