# EFTA00026477 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "I
- **To:** -4
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Attorney ADDED"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ter charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 01/26/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Docket Text: ATTORNEY, [21-58] br Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, in case 21-58 , [12], ADDED.[3021136] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Mr. Christian Rome n Everdell, Assistant U.S. Attorney: , Assistant U.S. Attome Assistant U.S. Attome : Ms. Bobbi C. Stemheim, Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Quality Control I EFTA00026477

### Match 2
> From: "I To: -4 < Subject: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Attorney ADDED" Date: Tue, 26 Jan 2021 18:20:25 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electronically, if r

### Match 3
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 01/26/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Docket Text: ATTORNEY, [21-58] br Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, in case 21-58 , [12], ADDED.[3021136] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Mr. Christian Rome n Everdell, Assistant U.S. Attorney: , Assistant U.S. Attome Assistant U.S. Attome : Ms. Bobbi C. Stemheim,
