# EFTA00021877 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 2

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** ednesday, August 05, 2020 19:05
- **Subject:** FW: delivery of hard drive to MDC for discovery production to inmate

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> horization memo so she can retain it. Then it will be provided to her. It can be password protected so long as you include a cover letter that contains the password for her. Ho e this helps, 8/5/2020 4:34 PM > » EFTA00021877 We have a hard drive with loaded discovery that we need to deliver to Ghislaine Maxwell, at MDC. Could you please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it's our understanding that hard drives with discovery materials for inmates needs to be non-encrypted (and not have a password for access), is that also correct? We're hoping to get these materials to her tomorr

### Match 2
> horization memo so she can retain it. Then it will be provided to her. It can be password protected so long as you include a cover letter that contains the password for her. Ho e this helps, 8/5/2020 4:34 PM > » EFTA00021877 We have a hard drive with loaded discovery that we need to deliver to Ghislaine Maxwell, at MDC. Could you please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it's our understanding that hard drives with discovery materials for inmates needs to be non-encrypted (and not have a password for access), is that also correct? We're hoping to get these materials to he
