# EFTA02393966

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: Friday, May 16, 2014 2:23 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Andrew Farkas Re an appt with Andrew...I asked if he could do 4pm on Sat but he is =ooked all afternoon/evening (has a bar mitzvah and a bday party ) then = requested an 11:30am meeting...below is the reply: Andrew will call Jeffrey in the morning once he sees how the day =nfolds. He has two young chil

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: Friday, May 16, 2014 2:23 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Andrew Farkas Re an appt with Andrew...I asked if he could do 4pm on Sat but he is =ooked all afternoon/evening (has a bar mitzvah and a bday party ) then = requested an 11:30am meeting...below is the reply: Andrew will call Jeffrey in the morning once he sees how the day =nfolds. He has two young children and home and commitments

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: Friday, May 16, 2014 2:23 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Andrew Farkas Re an appt with Andrew...I asked if he could do 4pm on Sat but he is =ooked all afternoon/evening (has a bar mitzvah and a bday party ) then = requested an 11:30am meeting...below is the reply: Andrew will call Jeffrey in the morning once he sees how the day =nfolds. He has two young children and home and commitments in the =vening. He is also flying out the next day for business so he is a =ittle swamped at the moment. Thanks, Chelsie Andrew's numbers: <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Friday, May 16, 2014 2:23 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Andrew Farkas 
Re an appt with Andrew...I asked if he could do 4pm on Sat but he is =ooked all afternoon/evening (has a bar mitzvah 
and a bday party ) then = requested an 11:30am meeting...below is the reply: 
Andrew will call Jeffrey in the morning once he sees how the day =nfolds. He has two young children and home and 
commitments in the =vening. He is also flying out the next day for business so he is a =ittle swamped at the moment. 
Thanks, 
Chelsie 
Andrew's numbers: 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1400250159</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195717</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>5</integer> 
<integer>18</integer> 
</array> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap:Meevacation@imap.gmail.com/%58Gmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>410205</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01422951 
EFTA02393966

