# EFTA02535505

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>Kameryn Tanita/USA <Kameryn.Tanita@cushwake.com>|
|To|=/b>'|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>Hotel Shocard- =ata Room|

---

**[WORD]:** ta... Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>Kameryn Tanita/USA <Kameryn.Tanita@cushwake.com> Subject: =/b>Hotel Shocard- =ata Room Date: =/b>lanuary 25, 2018 at 2:53:17 PM =ST To: =/b>' Cc: Michael Allen/US, Andrew Posil/USA Hi Richard, Thank you =or your interest in 206 W 41st Street (Hotel Shocard). =ncluded below is a link to the data room. Click Here For 206 West 41st Street Data Room Please let us know if you have any questions once you'v= had a chance to review. Best, Kameryn Tanita Brokerage Coo

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Thursday, January 25, 2018 8:28 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: Hotel Shocard- Data Room 
i have not yet reviewed data... 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>Kameryn Tanita/USA <Kameryn.Tanita@cushwake.com> 
Subject: =/b>Hotel Shocard- =ata Room 
Date: =/b>lanuary 25, 2018 at 2:53:17 PM =ST 
To: =/b>' 
Cc: Michael Allen/US, 
Andrew Posil/USA 
Hi Richard, 
Thank you =or your interest in 206 W 41st Street (Hotel Shocard). =ncluded below is a link to the data room. 
Click Here For 206 West 41st Street Data Room 
Please let us know if you have any questions once you'v= had a chance to review. 
Best, 
Kameryn Tanita 
Brokerage Coordinator — The Knakal Group 
EFTA_R1_01681105 
EFTA02535505

Investment Sales 
Direct: =212) 660 7765 
275 Madison =venue, 3rd Floor 
New York, NY 10016 I USA 
nyinvestmentsales.com 
LinkedIn Facebook I Twitter YouTube I Google+ Instagram 
The information contained in this =ommunication is confidential, may be privileged and is intended for the 
=xclusive use of the above named addressee(s). If you are not the =ntended recipient(s), you are expressly prohibited 
from copying, =istributing, disseminating, or in any other way using any information =ontained within this 
communication. If you have received this =ommunication in error please contact the sender by telephone or by 
=esponse via mail. We have taken precautions to minimize the risk of =ransmitting software viruses, but we advise you 
to carry out your own =irus checks on any attachment to this message. We cannot accept =iability for any loss or 
damage caused by software viruses. 
This email =including any attachments) is confidential and intended for the named =ecipient(s) only. It may be 
subject to legal or other professional =rivilege and contain copyright material. 
Any =onfidentiality or privilege is not waived or lost because this email =as been sent to you by mistake. 
Access to this email or its attachments by anyone else is =nauthorised. If you are not the intended recipient, you 
may not =isclose, copy or distribute this email or its attachments, nor take =r 
omit =o take any action in reliance on it. If you have received this email in =rror, please notify the sender 
immediately, delete it from your system =nd destroy any copies. 
We accept no liability for any loss or damage caused by this =mail or its attachments due to viruses, 
interference, interception, =orruption or unauthorised access. 
Any views or opinions presented in this email or its =ttachments are solely those of the author and do not 
necessarily =epresent those of the company. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01681106 
EFTA02535506

