# EFTA02431244

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Tuesday, January 12, 2010 11:42 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinfleevacationagmail.comj From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Tue 1/12/2010 4:47:13 PM Subject RE: Spoke this am. He does not seem to know about it, but he is coming back to me. From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Tuesday, January 12, 2010 11:42 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: no steve ross? *************************

**[WORD]:** Jeffrey Epsteinfleevacationagmail.comj From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Tue 1/12/2010 4:47:13 PM Subject RE: Spoke this am. He does not seem to know about it, but he is coming back to me. From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Tuesday, January 12, 2010 11:42 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: no steve ross? *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinfleevacationagmail.comj 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Tue 1/12/2010 4:47:13 PM 
Subject RE: 
Spoke this am. He does not seem to know about it, but he is coming back to me. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, January 12, 2010 11:42 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
no steve ross? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationasmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01501418 
EFTA02431244

