# EFTA02406993

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** ted Memorandum of Law [DE 138) EXHIBIT B EFTA_R1_01464813 EFTA02406993 Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 547-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 2 of 2 Beth Williamson From: Tama Beth Kudman Sent: Monday. January 25,MINI To: Beth Williamson Subject: Re: Regarding: Epstein - Depo of Jean Luc Brunel I have just been informed that my client will be out of the country until the end of March. Please ask Mr Edwards to call me to discuss this. Thank you Sent from my iPhone Tama Beth Kudman On Jan 25, 2010, at 3:22 PM, Beth Williamson a wrote: Dear Ms. Kudman: My name is Beth. I am assistin

**[FULL]:** all me to discuss this. Thank you Sent from my iPhone Tama Beth Kudman On Jan 25, 2010, at 3:22 PM, Beth Williamson a wrote: Dear Ms. Kudman: My name is Beth. I am assisting Brad Edwards in the Epstein matters. I just wanted to follow-up on the voicemail I left you. I understand your client Jean Luc Brunel will be available the first two weeks of February for deposition. Please provide me dates of availability as soon as possible, as calendars are filling. Thank you, Beth Williamson, FRP Florida Registered Paralegal Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, Edwards, Fistos Et Lehrman, P.L. 1 EFTA_R1_01464814

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 547-2 Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 1 of 2 
CASE NO: 08-CV-80119-MARRA/JOHNSON 
Notice of Supplemental Authority on Plaintiff Jane Doe's Motion for an Order to Show 
Cause and for an Order to Compel and Incorporated Memorandum of Law [DE 138) 
EXHIBIT B 
EFTA_R1_01464813 
EFTA02406993

Case 9:08-cv-80119-KAM Document 547-2 
Entered on FLSD Docket 05/17/2010 Page 2 of 2 
Beth Williamson 
From: 
Tama Beth Kudman 
Sent: 
Monday. January 25,MINI 
To: 
Beth Williamson 
Subject: 
Re: Regarding: Epstein - Depo of Jean Luc Brunel 
I have just been informed that my client will be out of the country until the end of March. Please ask Mr 
Edwards to call me to discuss this. 
Thank you 
Sent from my iPhone 
Tama Beth Kudman 
On Jan 25, 2010, at 3:22 PM, Beth Williamson a 
wrote: 
Dear Ms. Kudman: 
My name is Beth. I am assisting Brad Edwards in the Epstein matters. I just wanted to follow-up 
on the voicemail I left you. I understand your client Jean Luc Brunel will be available the first 
two weeks of February for deposition. Please provide me dates of availability as soon as 
possible, as calendars are filling. 
Thank you, 
Beth Williamson, FRP 
Florida Registered Paralegal 
Farmer, Jaffe, Weissing, 
Edwards, Fistos Et Lehrman, P.L. 
1 
EFTA_R1_01464814 
EFTA02406994

