# EFTA02691163

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: flight, virgin, president, hillary, bill, donor, campaign

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** Israel and Palestine. He has previously contributed to Le Monde Diplomatique, the London Review of Books, and the Guardian, among other publications. EFTA_R1_02032788 EFTA02691171 10 Ankle 2. The Daily Beast Jews Won't Fail Obama Zev Chafets July 2, 2011 -- On Thursday, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton announced that the United States is opening a dialogue with the Muslim Brotherhood. This news coincided with a spate of media speculation about a possible decline in Jewish support for President Obama in 2012. Such speculation precedes every national election, but this time the Republican cas

**[FULL]:** victims than as leaders. Iman al-Obeidi, who complained of gang rape by Qaddafi soldiers, was then forcibly abducted by agents of the government from a hotel lobby where she was meeting with journalists.[21] After release from imprisonment, she left the country. A human rights group says that Hillary Clinton has helped arrange a flight to the United States for her and her father. Will the National Transition EFTA_R1_02032815 EFTA02691198 37 Council in Benghazi focus on countering such barbarities against women? The Council has only one female member. A timeline of opposition in Syria bulges wi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

Tiimon 
Post 
6 July, 201 1 
Article 1. 
Foreign Policy 
Palestinians between reconciliation and impasse 
Peter Lagerquist 
Article 2. 
The Daily Beast 
Jews Won't Fail Obama 
Zev Chafets 
Article 3. 
Article 4. 
The National Interest 
Israel's Rightward Turn 
Benny Morris 
Le Monde diplomatique 
The Egyptians go to the polls: What are we afraid 
of? 
Alain Gresh 
Article 5. 
Foreign Policy Research Institute 
The Arab Uprisings Of 2011: Ibn Khaldun 
Encounters Civil Society 
Theodore Friend 
EFTA_R1_02032780 
EFTA02691163

Article 1. 
Foreign Policy 
Palestinians between reconciliation and 
impasse 
Peter Lagerquist 
July 5, 2011 -- The reconciliation accord formally signed by Hamas 
and Fatah on May 2 is beginning to show its first cracks. The two 
movements agreed to jointly contest new elections in late 2012 and 
were scheduled to announce a transitional government in June. But 
Fatah leader and Palestinian Authority (PA) President Mahmoud 
Abbas's insistence that it should be headed by his current prime 
minister, Salam Fayyad, infuriated Hamas. The Islamists loathe 
Fayyad, who has overseen a four-year crackdown on their 
membership in the West Bank in cooperation with Israeli forces, as 
much as he is feted by Western chanceries. The latter have agreed to 
keep funding the PA on the condition that he controls its purse 
strings. Abbas fears that a new unity government might face a 
financial crisis similar to that endured in 2006, when Hamas won PA 
elections. On June 21, he accordingly insisted on his prerogative to 
choose the new prime minister, formally contravening the text of the 
reconciliation accord. In response, Hamas complained that he had 
become little more than a collaborator with Israel. 
Declaring that the new government must "preserve room for 
resistance," Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh underscored why 
the odds on this political détente holding up had always seemed 
steep. If these odds are to improve, both factions will have to make 
new and steep rhetorical climb-downs. Yet signs indicate that Abbas 
in particular is reconsidering reconciliation, or at least looking for 
ways to mitigate the risks to which it has exposed him. 
EFTA_R1_02032781 
EFTA02691164

3 
Since the split of the PA in 2007, Hamas and Fatah's enmity has 
become a fact on the ground to most Palestinians no less intractable 
and debilitating than the settlements Israel has continued to build in 
the West Bank. Television footage of Abbas and Hamas politburo 
head Khaled Meshal clasping each other's shoulders in Cairo in May 
was accordingly greeted with hope, but also much wariness, in 
Ramallah. "They are like two prisoners fighting over scraps of bread, 
instead of working on getting out of jail," said one coffee shop patron 
over his water pipe. "So this agreement is good, but will they really 
change?" Scant more enthusiasm was on show in the following days, 
with perfunctory manifestations to mark the reconciliation easily 
outdone by drive-by rallies of local Real Madrid and Barcelona 
football club supporters, then battling it out for the Spanish league 
title. 
Such lack of engagement reflected not only doubts about the viability 
of the Fatah-Hamas accord, but also a broader disenchantment with 
the political choices offered up by them. To most Palestinians, neither 
faction has produced political results, and their autocratic rules 
remain unpalatable. "People are afraid to say anything critical of the 
PA. If the wrong person hears you, the next day your cousin loses his 
job with such and such ministry," whispers one coffee shop waiter. In 
Gaza, even many Palestinians who are deeply critical of Fatah have 
been disappointed by Hamas's lurch into police state paranoia 
following 2007. "They have informants everywhere," complains one 
social worker in Gaza City. "[They are] even paying kids a few 
shekels to report on people in their neighborhood." 
Inspired by popular uprisings in the region, parallel street 
demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza on March 15 served as a 
first warning to their powers that be. Yet these first buds of 
Palestine's own political spring were modest affairs. Ramallah's 
small, central Manara roundabout would on any day be a poor 
EFTA_R1_02032782 
EFTA02691165

4 
imitation of Cairo's Tahrir Square; the 1,000-some locals who would 
ultimately make their way there on the date Facebooked as Palestine's 
answer to Egypt's January 25, were less likely to have felt the 
stirrings of a new future than the dead weight of history. Overhead 
banners featuring Yasir Arafat presided over smaller insets of 
assassinated Hamas figurehead Sheikh Ahmed Yassin and other 
martyred notables from both movements. Flanked by customary 
heavies, current PA Minister of Economy Hasan Abu Libdeh rubbed 
shoulders in the crowd with former Preventive Security chief Jibril 
Rajoub, the West Bank's onetime answer to Omar Suleiman. "I'm not 
responsible for the division!" one beaming functionary said, only 
furthering the impression that politicians had themselves become 
spectators. 
Cast in stark relief by such scenes were the limits of the day's slogan: 
"The people want the end of the division!" While Egyptians and 
Tunisians had by then jettisoned Hosni Mubarak's National 
Democratic Party and Zine el-Abidine Ben Ali's Rally for 
Constitutional Democracy, the March 15 movement was in effect 
asking Palestinian equivalencies not to disband, but team up. The 
irony was not lost on many more radical demonstrators. "We don't 
want these two leaderships to reunite; we want them to be rid of 
them," explained one prominent activist. "This is about more than 
Fatah and Hamas." 
Official co-optation of the March demonstrations, also in Gaza, 
signaled an awareness by both Fatah and Hamas that they may have 
to ride rather than buck the gathering tide of public discontent. 
Several reconciliation attempts had already been made in recent 
years, twice following Israel's bloody May 31, 2010, interception of 
the Gaza freedom flotilla and the subsequent easing of Israel's and 
Egypt's boycott on the Gaza Strip, which cut into already fraying 
hopes that Hamas could otherwise be pressured into submission. In 
EFTA_R1_02032783 
EFTA02691166

5 
both instances, however, U.S. opposition presented Abbas with an 
impossible choice, recapitulated starkly by Israeli Prime Minister 
Benjamin Netanyahu after May 2: "It's either Hamas, or peace with 
Israel." With Mubarak's Egypt shoring up a still-biting Gaza 
blockade, meanwhile, and taking Fatah's side as the final arbitrator of 
reconciliation with Hamas, Abbas could keep the Islamists bottled 
up. 
Since then, however, Abbas's position has deteriorated. Barack 
Obama's inability last fall to back the Palestinian leader's pursuit of 
an Israeli settlement freeze in the West Bank demonstrated one time 
too many how little Abbas's dearly purchased goodwill in the West 
was worth. With Mubarak's fall, meanwhile, and the impending 
ascendancy of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, Hamas looked 
poised to break its economic and political confinement. And for the 
first time, Abbas now needed if not a principled political agreement 
with the Islamists, then at least domestic accord. For a while his 
refusal to climb down from the proverbial settlement-freeze tree 
prevented Abbas's domestic credibility from plummeting further, but 
it also left him without a political strategy. 
In lieu of negotiations with Israel, the PA president has mortgaged 
the remainder of his shaky political house on seeking U.N. 
recognition for a Palestinian state in September. The gambit is 
unlikely to pass U.S. approval in the Security Council; even if 
successful, it proffers doubtful leverage in his tug of war with Tel 
Aviv. Although Syria is an independent state, in 44 years it hasn't 
managed to pry the Golan Heights away from Israel; a Palestinian 
state is unlikely to do better with the 60 percent of the West Bank 
that remains under full Israeli control. Legally dubious without Gaza 
under a unified PA administration, a U.N. appeal lacking Hamas's 
support would also have left Abbas with no political cover if 
recognition proves inconsequential. Abbas and Fayyad may 
EFTA_R1_02032784 
EFTA02691167

6 
themselves harbor doubts, having in 2010 suppressed a skeptical 
assessment by PLO legal advisors of their U.N. strategy. Former lead 
negotiator Saeb Erakat has since given plenty of hints that they would 
be happy to abandon their stunt if the United States would only get 
negotiations started again. 
Although the outlook appeared more promising for Hamas, regional 
change came at once too slow and too fast for the Islamists' liking. In 
Egypt, it left a cautious military junta in place that is domestically 
embarrassed by the Mubarak-era blockade of Gaza, but wary of 
cozying up too rapidly to an international pariah government. 
Meanwhile, Hamas's Syrian patron regime has started to totter. This 
has left Hamas at a fraught impasse. Its participation in the 2006 
elections signaled a desire for greater recognition as a full-fledged 
player in Palestinian politics and that it is keen to broaden its popular 
appeal; its aims are frustrated by a continuing diplomatic boycott of 
the movement and the persistence of an 80 percent poverty rate in the 
strip. However approximate, opinion polls giving Hamas less than 10 
percent national support are a far cry from the plurality that it briefly 
enjoyed after its 2006 election victory. When Egypt's rulers 
accordingly offered to ease the Gaza blockade and thaw relations in 
exchange for reconciliation, the Hama leadership saw an overdue 
opening. 
Reconciliation seemed at the outset to require a modest political 
down payment from the Islamists, while allowing them to capitalize 
on the de facto compromises they have already made in recent years. 
Abbas's precondition for the reconciliation -- that they allow him to 
pursue his quest for