# EFTA02674205

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** ACT VS. FICTION LUNCHEON AND SY li ng TABLE RESERVATION NAME DATE MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 2013 11:30 AM SPECIALTY JUICES AND SMOOTHIES 12:00 PM LUNCH AND PROGRAM 320 PARK AVENUE. 35TH FLOOR (BETWEEN 50TH AND 51ST STREETS) RESERVATION DESCRIPTION Thank you for reserving your table at the Dubin Breast Center Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon and Symposium. We look forward to welcoming you and your guests. Your contribution level provides you with recognition in the printed program and a table for 10 people at the luncheon. So that we may prepare for your group, please provide the full names of

**[WORD]:** printed program and a table for 10 people at the luncheon. So that we may prepare for your group, please provide the full names of all table guests below and email this form to or fax it to us at 3. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION. PLEASE CONTACT JACQUELINE SMITH Al OR Mount Dubin Breast Center Sinai olTheTischCancerinsMule EFTA_R1_01954471 EFTA02674205

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

DUBIN BREAST CE 
SECOND ANNUAL 
FACT VS. FICTION 
LUNCHEON AND SY 
li ng 
TABLE RESERVATION 
NAME 
DATE 
MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 2013 
11:30 AM 
SPECIALTY JUICES AND SMOOTHIES 
12:00 PM 
LUNCH AND PROGRAM 
320 PARK AVENUE. 35TH FLOOR 
(BETWEEN 50TH AND 51ST STREETS) 
RESERVATION DESCRIPTION 
Thank you for reserving your table at the Dubin Breast Center Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon and Symposium. 
We look forward to welcoming you and your guests. 
Your contribution level provides you with recognition in the printed program and a table for 10 people at the luncheon. 
So that we may prepare for your group, please provide the full names of all table guests below and email this form to 
or fax it to us at 
3. 
5. 
6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 
10. 
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION. PLEASE CONTACT JACQUELINE SMITH 
Al 
OR 
Mount Dubin Breast Center 
Sinai 
olTheTischCancerinsMule 
EFTA_R1_01954471 
EFTA02674205

