# EFTA02697463

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, celina

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin O> Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2012 9:58 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Ok Weare walking at Stanford campus...really amazing here....annoying...l did =ot want to like it.. Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date:

**[FULL]:** mazing here....annoying...l did =ot want to like it.. Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 20:45:18 To: Subject: Re: No =0A=orry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone =0A=n Mar 21, 2012, at 7:40 PM, "Eva Dubin " wrote: =OA= That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? = Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry = = Original Message = From: Jeffre E stein <jeevacation@gmail.com> = Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 = To: = Subject: Re: = he will do it „ no need to pay = On Wed, Mar 21, 2012

**[FULL]:** OA= That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? = Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry = = Original Message = From: Jeffre E stein <jeevacation@gmail.com> = Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 = To: = Subject: Re: = he will do it „ no need to pay = On Wed, Mar 21, 2012 at 6:51 PM, Eva Dubin <mailto > wrote: = Is there any chance I could hire Janusz to drive Celina to the Carribean =esort, outside of Orlando, on Monday? It's 2 hours and 40 minutes from Pal= Beach. = = = = = The information contained in this communication is = confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin O> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 21, 2012 9:58 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Ok 
Weare walking at Stanford campus...really amazing here....annoying...l did =ot want to like it.. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 20:45:18 
To:
Subject: Re: 
No 
=0A=orry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone =0A=n Mar 21, 2012, at 7:40 PM, "Eva Dubin " 
wrote: 
=OA= That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? 
= Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry = = 
Original Message 
= From: Jeffre E stein 
<jeevacation@gmail.com> = Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 = To: 
= Subject: Re: 
= he will do it „ no need to pay 
= On Wed, Mar 21, 2012 at 6:51 PM, Eva Dubin 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
= Is there any chance I could hire Janusz to drive Celina to the Carribean =esort, outside of Orlando, on Monday? It's 2 
hours and 40 minutes from Pal= Beach. = = = 
= 
= The information contained in this communication is = confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may = constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for = the use of the addressee. It is the property of = Jeffrey Epstein = 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this = communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited = and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this = communication in error, please notify us immediately by = return e-mail or by e-
mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> , and = destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof, = including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <IDOCTYPE plist 
PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1332367158</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
EFTA_R1_02055482 
EFTA02697463

<integer>27</integer> 
<integer>7</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>212747</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_02055483 
EFTA02697464

