# EFTA00010199 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Ma
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: New drive for Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: Ma To: , Cc: Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 12:40:53 +0000 Not a problem. Best, >>> PM >» Hi all, " < IIMIE> 12/3/2020 5:24 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the MDC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? Would you please mail the broken drive back to our off

### Match 2
> From: Ma To: , Cc: Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 12:40:53 +0000 Not a problem. Best, >>> PM >» Hi all, " < IIMIE> 12/3/2020 5:24 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the MDC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped

### Match 3
> e: New drive for Maxwell Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 12:40:53 +0000 Not a problem. Best, >>> PM >» Hi all, " < IIMIE> 12/3/2020 5:24 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the MDC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be mailed to the below address: Paralegal Specialist U.S. Attorneys Office, SDNY Ne

### Match 4
> IMIE> 12/3/2020 5:24 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the MDC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be mailed to the below address: Paralegal Specialist U.S. Attorneys Office, SDNY New York, NY 10007 Thanks very much, as always, for your help. Best, Assistant United States Attorney Southern D
