# EFTA02561186

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: Wednesday, November 29, 2017 3:27 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: andrew I was sick again this am, I hope it was isolated and maybe=from eating too much too soon last night. Jeffrey I hav=nt heard anything from Andrew, wanted to give him a couple days after than=sgiving. I think he wanted to do a background check on me =nd said something along the lines of the results of that will determine wh=re he can send me to. that was my understanding of it and i think I unders=ood. He seemed extremely cautious and want

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Wednesday, November 29, 2017 3:27 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
andrew 
I was sick again this am, I hope it was isolated and maybe=from eating too much too soon last night. 
Jeffrey I hav=nt heard anything from Andrew, wanted to give him a couple days after than=sgiving. 
I think he wanted to do a background check on me =nd said something along the lines of the results of that will 
determine wh=re he can send me to. that was my understanding of it and i think I unders=ood. He seemed extremely 
cautious and wants me to make up a story for the =ears before school. 
I have an interview at the Wh=tney tonight. 
the internship has not yielded resu=ts. the guy is bankrupt, programs on the computers not legal, and took me =nto a 
pub at 4pm in New Jersey to drink beer (I had water) before a site v=sit. 
I went on another date last week with =ne of our neighbours, Ben , he is very sweet 
1 
EFTA_R1_01722545 
EFTA02561186

