# EFTA00022980 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 11

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Gary 8Ioxsome
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, January 28, 2020 11:59
- **Subject:** Re: U.S. Department of Justice investigation

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> prosecutors in New York ... reached out to his lawyers and asked to interview him. There was no response at all, according to three people familiar with the investigation." (New York Times 27.01.20) and "Geoffrey Berman, a US attorney, said federal prosecutors and the FBI had asked to interview Prince Andrew about the late paedophile billionaire, but hod been met with a wall of silence"(The Telegraph 28.01.20). Please provide us with an accurate record of the statements made by The US Attorney and/or the Dal/FBI including a transcript of any relevant questions and answers. We note from your email t

### Match 2
> l response claiming that US Attorney Berman's statements were factually accurate and did not create a misleading impression. EFTA00022980 We only have access to edited video and newspaper reporting of what the US Attorney said. Those reports suggest the US Attorney described the position of the Duke of York and his advisors in misleading, condemnatory and prejudicial terms. US Attorney Berman is quoted as having stated there has been "zero co-operation". This is not an accurate statement of the position. The following are also false statements ascribed to Mr Berman and to the DOJ/FBI: "F.B.I. agent

### Match 3
> ecord of the statements made by The US Attorney and/or the Dal/FBI including a transcript of any relevant questions and answers. We note from your email that you have not provided any response to our request that you confirm that the DOJ will not be making any further public statements about the Duke of York. We had understood from our conversations with you and from the rules governing media relations that Dal personnel and the US Attorney would not comment on the nature or progress of any grand jury investigation and in particular would not comment on the willingness of any Subject to make a volun

### Match 4
> he US Attorney would not comment on the nature or progress of any grand jury investigation and in particular would not comment on the willingness of any Subject to make a voluntary statement to the DOJ. We ask you to confirm that there will be no further public comment on any contact between the Duke of York and the DOJ. Kind regards Gary Gary Bloxsome I Partner Blackfords LLP I London I EC4M 7EF Blackfords LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England & Wales with registered number 0C325398 at Hill House, 1 Mint Walk, Croydon, CR0 lEA. A list of members' names is available at th

### Match 5
> ulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority under number 462078. On 27 Jan 2020, at 22:59, c › wrote: External email: is it safe to open attachments and links? Gary, Our understanding is that U.S. Attorney Berman made a factual statement in response to a specific question that suggested the Duke of York either would or was cooperating, and he responded that to date he has not in fact provided cooperation with our investigation. That is, he corrected the record generally in a factually accurate statement; I don't believe this would create a misleading impression. I appreciate that you have advise

### Match 6
> vestigation Daniel Cundy The press are reporting that Geoffrey S. Berman, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York has disclosed what we understood were confidential communications between us and and It has also been suggested that Geoffrey S. Berman has stated that the Duke of York has not co-operated with the Southern District. As you know we have made it very clear that the Duke of York has a strong desire to cooperate with the ongoing investigation by the DOJ and we are trying to reach a position where we are able to advise him to do so. We are concerned about the misl

### Match 7
> Southern District of New York has disclosed what we understood were confidential communications between us and and It has also been suggested that Geoffrey S. Berman has stated that the Duke of York has not co-operated with the Southern District. As you know we have made it very clear that the Duke of York has a strong desire to cooperate with the ongoing investigation by the DOJ and we are trying to reach a position where we are able to advise him to do so. We are concerned about the misleading impression that has been created and the effect this has on our ability to advise the Duke to proceed

### Match 8
> data can be found in our Privacy Statement Authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority under number 462078. On 22 Jan 2020, at 17:34, wrote: External email: is it safe to open attachments and links? Gary, We've received your response. We look forward to hearing whether the Duke of York is willing to speak with us. thank you, EFTA00022982 From: Gary Bloxsome Sent: Wednesday, January 22, 2020 11:35 To: Cc: >; Cundy < ; Jennifer Richardson Subject: Re: U.S. Department of Justice investigation >; Daniel We are very grateful for your offer of assistance. At present we do n

### Match 9
> real-time conversation would be more conducive to that discussion. thank you, From: Gary Bloxsome Sent: Monday, January 20, 2020 11:23 To: Cc: ›; I >; Daniel Cundy < ; Jennifer Richardson Subject: Re: U.S. Department of Justice investigation EFTA00022983 Thank you for your email. The Duke of York has made it clear to us that he has a strong desire to cooperate fully with the ongoing investigation by the DOJ. It is our responsibility to deal with the various issues and procedures that arise here that will need to be addressed to enable him to do so. We should be able to deal with at least

### Match 10
> w York 212.637.2415 EFTA00022986 From: Gary Bloxsome Sent: Friday, January 03, 2020 10:30 To: Cc: Daniel Cundy ; Jennifer Richardson Subject: Re: U.S. Department of Justice investigation >; Dear Sirs, Thank you for your email dated 2 January 2020. I confirm that we do represent HRH the Duke of York. I would be grateful if you could please clarify what specifically you invite us to contact you about. Kind regards Gary Bloxsome Gary Bloxsome I Partner Blackfords LLP I I London I EC4M 7EF Blackfords LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England & Wales with registered numbe
