# EFTA00013235 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 12

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, October 9, 2020 3:10 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' (USANYS) [Contractor)" To: '• (USANYS Contractor (USANYS) [Contractor)" >, I Subject: RE: Epstein. Maxwell Upload Date: Fri, 09 Oct 2020 21:06:11 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.jpg USANYS)" I can inquire with the vendor regarding the documents, but it could have been a lot of system files on the hard drive as well as duplicate files on the hard drive as well. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Fri

### Match 2
> " I can inquire with the vendor regarding the documents, but it could have been a lot of system files on the hard drive as well as duplicate files on the hard drive as well. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 4:57 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hey MI, (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS) I leave it up to the AUSAs on your question regarding native files. The productions look good to me but I do have one question. The drive that we sent to be uploaded contained about 41,000 files. In these two productions I only see a total of abou

### Match 3
> s. In these two productions I only see a total of about 22,000. Is that because there are some natives that couldn't be imaged and are thus not viewable on the database? Thanks, From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 3:10 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hello, (USANYS) [Contractor] -(USANYS) All of the documents from this production has been bates stamped an is now available in Relativity for review. Please use the following links below to review the production: US v Epstein - SDNY_PR0D008 - V0L-008 - https://d1pe.nss.pae.com/Relativi

### Match 4
> is a slip-sheet that says document produced natively and the file will be provided in native format. Please let me know if there are any questions. EFTA00013235 Thank you. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Monday, October 5, 2020 10:20 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload (USANYS) [Contractor] Oh and would you also please save them here once they're exported Usa.doj.gov clouaNYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 \ Discovery \GM \05 Fifth Production \TO BE PRODUCED Thank you. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Monday, October 5, 2020 9:43 AM To

### Match 5
> also please save them here once they're exported Usa.doj.gov clouaNYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 \ Discovery \GM \05 Fifth Production \TO BE PRODUCED Thank you. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Monday, October 5, 2020 9:43 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload (USANYS) [Contractor] Thank you =. Would you please start at bates number SDNY_GM_00328864 and mark all the documents confidential. Thanks, Will From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < > Sent: Monday, October 5, 2020 9:37 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor) Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The

### Match 6
> RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload (USANYS) [Contractor] Thank you =. Would you please start at bates number SDNY_GM_00328864 and mark all the documents confidential. Thanks, Will From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < > Sent: Monday, October 5, 2020 9:37 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor) Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The below data has been loaded to Relativity and is available for review: - US v Epstein in FBI Case File in Images Seized During Search 2020-09-18 Evidence -Images (USANYS) [Contractor] Can you please let me know what bates number you want to use for this production and let me know

### Match 7
> number you want to use for this production and let me know if there will be a confidential stamp placed on these documents. Thank you. EFTA00013236 From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Tuesday, September 29, 2020 4:09 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hey =, Is there a timeframe for when these materials will be uploaded? And in turn, stamped and downloaded? is looking for an update. Thanks, From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Monday, September 21, 2020 9:25 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload (USAN

### Match 8
> : RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hey =, Is there a timeframe for when these materials will be uploaded? And in turn, stamped and downloaded? is looking for an update. Thanks, From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Monday, September 21, 2020 9:25 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload (USANYS) (Contractor] The data will be loaded to Relativity. I will take care of everything from this point forward regarding the drive and let you know if I have any questions. Thank you. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Monday, September 21, 2020 9:22 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor)

### Match 9
> ractor] The data will be loaded to Relativity. I will take care of everything from this point forward regarding the drive and let you know if I have any questions. Thank you. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Monday, September 21, 2020 9:22 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor) Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hi=, > (USANYS) [Contractor] I hope you had a wonderful weekend! I was wondering if you had a chance to look over the hard drive that made on Friday. Do you have any ideas for how we should best proceed for producing? Is Relativity still our best bet? Thanks so much! From: (USANYS)

### Match 10
> Friday. Do you have any ideas for how we should best proceed for producing? Is Relativity still our best bet? Thanks so much! From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Friday, September 18, 2020 10:26 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <->; (USANYS) c Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload 1. Yes, we want to mark all of them confidential 2. We are working on that. 3. I suppose database load files? We want to retain the files as they are currently formatted as best we can. EFTA00013237 4. That won't be an issue. I don't think we will be searching through them; the purp
