# EFTA02515647

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Friday, November 7, 2014 6:10 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Yippee! Sent from my iPhone On Nov 7, 2014, at 1:09 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: yes On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 1:00 PM, Eva Dubin I have you slated for Thanksgiving to come with

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Friday, November 7, 2014 6:10 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Yippee! Sent from my iPhone On Nov 7, 2014, at 1:09 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: yes On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 1:00 PM, Eva Dubin I have you slated for Thanksgiving to come with two guests. Is that ok? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of J

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Friday, November 7, 2014 6:10 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
Yippee! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 7, 2014, at 1:09 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
yes 
On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 1:00 PM, Eva Dubin
I have you slated for Thanksgiving to come with two guests. Is that ok? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01650053 
EFTA02515647

