# EFTA02438617

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Thu Oct 22 18:32:20 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmaitcomfleeyacationellgmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Fri 10/23/2009 12:12:43 AM Subject: Re: I'll call you in the a.m. to set it up. Mike carrol or jim windells from DP will give sussman a call beforehand. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Thu Oct 22 18:32:20 2009 Subject: i would appreciate it if you could set aside 3

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmaitcomfleeyacationellgmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Fri 10/23/2009 12:12:43 AM Subject: Re: I'll call you in the a.m. to set it up. Mike carrol or jim windells from DP will give sussman a call beforehand. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Thu Oct 22 18:32:20 2009 Subject: i would appreciate it if you could set aside 30 45 minutes to talk to steve sussman and me.. tomorrow would be great if possible *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmaitcomfleeyacationellgmail.com] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent 
Fri 10/23/2009 12:12:43 AM 
Subject: Re: 
I'll call you in the a.m. to set it up. Mike carrol or jim windells from DP will give sussman a call beforehand. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: Thu Oct 22 18:32:20 2009 
Subject: 
i would appreciate it if you could set aside 30 45 minutes to talk to steve sussman and me.. 
tomorrow would be great if possible 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jccvacationAgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01511879 
EFTA02438617

