# EFTA00016123 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 6

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, December 23, 20
- **Subject:** Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: (USANYS)" Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish Date: Mon, 28 Dec 2020 15:58:02 +0000 Attachments: 20-mj-127-01-AJ,_SDNY_Triggerfish_Court_Bundleffinal_signed).pdf (USANYS)" FBI" SANYS)" PD)" See below. I do not think we can justify seeking extended sealing at this point, but let me know if you all disagree. The warrant mat

### Match 2
> S)" FBI" SANYS)" PD)" See below. I do not think we can justify seeking extended sealing at this point, but let me know if you all disagree. The warrant materials are attached for reference. Fro,, USANH) Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 2020 2:42 PM To: (USANYS) Cc:' :USANH) Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish do you need the seal on the DNH triggerfish warrant extended? Merry Christmas to you and yours! Mr. From USANH) Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 20 . To: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish The seal on this triggerfish is set to expire soon. Am I correct in assuming we can go

### Match 3
> ro,, USANH) Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 2020 2:42 PM To: (USANYS) Cc:' :USANH) Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish do you need the seal on the DNH triggerfish warrant extended? Merry Christmas to you and yours! Mr. From USANH) Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 20 . To: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish The seal on this triggerfish is set to expire soon. Am I correct in assuming we can go ahead and let this lapse? EFTA00016123

### Match 4
> From: To: (USANYS)" Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish Date: Mon, 28 Dec 2020 15:58:02 +0000 Attachments: 20-mj-127-01-AJ,_SDNY_Triggerfish_Court_Bundleffinal_signed).pdf (USANYS)" FBI" SANYS)" PD)" See below. I do not think we can justify seeking extended sealing at this point, but let me know if you all disagree. The war

### Match 5
> S)" FBI" SANYS)" PD)" See below. I do not think we can justify seeking extended sealing at this point, but let me know if you all disagree. The warrant materials are attached for reference. Fro,, USANH) Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 2020 2:42 PM To: (USANYS) Cc:' :USANH) Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish do you need the seal on the DNH triggerfish warrant extended? Merry Christmas to you and yours! Mr. From USANH) Sent: Wednesday, December 23, 20 . To: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Triggerfish The seal on this triggerfish is set to expire soon. Am I correct in assuming w
