# EFTA00016323 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "
- **To:** '
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Maxwell - CapitalOne/SAKS Credit Card

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: " To: ' Cc:" (NY) (FBI)" alMIE> Subject: Maxwell - CapitalOne/SAKS Credit Card Date: Mon, 22 Jun 2020 13:14:55 +0000 Attachments: Experian_8-28-19_Prodn G_Maxwell.pdf Per the Maxwell's Experian report (August 2019), Maxwell has an open CapitalOne/SAKS credit card (account number Per the Experian report, as of the 8/15/19 the card had a zero

### Match 2
> From: " To: ' Cc:" (NY) (FBI)" alMIE> Subject: Maxwell - CapitalOne/SAKS Credit Card Date: Mon, 22 Jun 2020 13:14:55 +0000 Attachments: Experian_8-28-19_Prodn G_Maxwell.pdf Per the Maxwell's Experian report (August 2019), Maxwell has an open CapitalOne/SAKS credit card (account number Per the Experian report, as of the 8/15/19 the card had a zero balance and the last payment made on the card was in May of 2019. I have attached the Experian report for your reference. I am preparin

### Match 3
> From: " To: ' Cc:" (NY) (FBI)" alMIE> Subject: Maxwell - CapitalOne/SAKS Credit Card Date: Mon, 22 Jun 2020 13:14:55 +0000 Attachments: Experian_8-28-19_Prodn G_Maxwell.pdf Per the Maxwell's Experian report (August 2019), Maxwell has an open CapitalOne/SAKS credit card (account number Per the Experian report, as of the 8/15/19 the card had a zero balance and the last payment made on the card was in May of 2019. I have attached the Experian report for your reference. I am preparing a summary of Maxwell's credit cards. I

### Match 4
> ort (August 2019), Maxwell has an open CapitalOne/SAKS credit card (account number Per the Experian report, as of the 8/15/19 the card had a zero balance and the last payment made on the card was in May of 2019. I have attached the Experian report for your reference. I am preparing a summary of Maxwell's credit cards. I anticipate sending out that summary either today or tomorrow. Best Forensic Accountant FBI New York Field Office 26 Federal Plaza NYC, NY 10278 Office: EFTA00016323
