# EFTA02510748

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|David Lopez|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|FROM VANITY FAIR|

---

**[FULL]:** these days, but i've been waiting a few days to write you= hoping that you don't feel very invade because of this message. I'=m writing you to ask you for your kind help. I've been asked to write = long feature for Vanity Fair about what is happening with the Epstein cas= but specially focused in prince Andrew of UK, and I'm writing you to =sk you for your help for it. I know other c=lleagues have been asking you for interviews, but I also would like to do =t. I guess you probably don't want to do it, but I would like to ask y=u in case you could be considering maybe doing just one interview t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, February 20, 2015 4:36 PM 
To: 
gni 
Subject: 
Re: fyi 
Do it 
On Friday, February 20, 2015, 
wrote: 
<=lockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:lpx=itccc solid;padding-left:lex"> 
</=iv> 
Begin forwarded mes=age: 
From: David Lopez 
Subject: FROM VANITY FAIR 
Date: February 20, 2015 at 6:23:54 AM EST 
<=div> 
To: 
=div>Dear Nadia: 
Hello, how are you? I hope you ar= having a very nice end of the week. 
l'= David Lopez, and I'm a journalist from Madrid, Spain, contributor of =he Spanish edition of Vanity Fair. I know 
I'm not the first journalist=reaching you these days, but i've been waiting a few days to write you= hoping that you don't 
feel very invade because of this message. I'=m writing you to ask you for your kind help. I've been asked to write = long 
feature for Vanity Fair about what is happening with the Epstein cas= but specially focused in prince Andrew of UK, and 
I'm writing you to =sk you for your help for it. 
I know other c=lleagues have been asking you for interviews, but I also would like to do =t. I guess you probably 
don't want to do it, but I would like to ask y=u in case you could be considering maybe doing just one interview to stop 
=ther interview requests. In case that could be your position, I would be g=ad if you could consider doing it with Vanity 
Fair. But, of course, I woul= be glad to discuss and talk any doubt you could have, by email or by phon=, and of course 
with absolute discretion, even in case you finally could r=ject the proposal. 
And if not, if you don&#=93 want to do it, something I of course absolutely respect, I would like =o ask you for 
your help, asking you if you could help me off the record, w=th the guarantee that nobody could know that have talked 
and not publishin= your name in my story. I know and understand you don't know me, so yo= can't trust of me. The only 
thing I can tell you is that I'm a ve=y serious journalist and fair, and that I would ever do anything to damage=you. I've 
done a large number of stories, that you can find googling m= name and the story, with a large number of relevant 
people, from the Dala= Lama, to infamous murderer Charles Manson, who granted me an interview fo=r years ago. 
EFTA_R1_01642593 
EFTA02510748

Of course, I would also be gla= to send you as further details about me or my work as you could need, as =ell as 
any prove could make you trust on me if you could talk with me. I h=pe you could consider this request, but let me thank 
you in advance at lea=t your time reading my message. 
warm regards from=Madrid 
David Lopez 
=34659960575 
dlop=zcanales@gmail.com cjavascript:_e(%78%7D=icvml7dlopezcanales@gmail.comi);> 
</=iv> 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01642594 
EFTA02510749

