# EFTA00015353 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** RE: COVID Language for Press Release

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> 1.2020_Draft_Advisoty.docx Inline-Images: image001.png; image003jpg I'm here in the press office, if needed. Draft advisory below and attached in Word format: United States Attorney Southern District of New York There will be a press conference today at XX:00 a.m. to announce charges against Ghislaine Maxwell for her role in the sexual exploitation and abuse of multiple minor girls by Jeffrey Epstein. The press conference will be livestreamed on Facebook @USAOSDNY. Relevant documents are attached. WHO: Audrey Strauss, Acting United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York , Assistant Di

### Match 2
> From: USANYS)" To: a>, ' [Contractor]" Cc: 'aJSANYS)" >, (USANYS) (USANYS)" Subject: RE: COVID Language for Press Release Date: Tue, 30 Jun 2020 15:04:17 +0000 Attachments: Ghislaine_Maxwell_Press_Conference_7.1.2020_Draft_Advisoty.docx Inline-Images: image001.png; image003jpg I'm here in the press office, if needed. Draft advisory below and attached in Word format: United States Attorney Southern District of New York There will be a press conference today at XX:00 a.m. t

### Match 3
> 1.2020_Draft_Advisoty.docx Inline-Images: image001.png; image003jpg I'm here in the press office, if needed. Draft advisory below and attached in Word format: United States Attorney Southern District of New York There will be a press conference today at XX:00 a.m. to announce charges against Ghislaine Maxwell for her role in the sexual exploitation and abuse of multiple minor girls by Jeffrey Epstein. The press conference will be livestreamed on Facebook @USAOSDNY. Relevant documents are attached. WHO: Audrey Strauss, Acting United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York , Assi
