# EFTA02518295

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Henges, Jessica|
|To|Henges, Jessica|
|Sent|Wednesday, August 27, 2014 5:05 PM|
|Subject|Seeking Artwork Donations for Phillips Auctions Supporting the Dubin Breast Center|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Wednesday, August 27, 2014 10:01 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: Seeking Artwork Donations for Phillips Auctions Supporting the Dubin Breast Center Anyone you think that I should ask?? Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: "Henges, Jessica" Date: August 27, 2014

**[FULL]:** ust 27, 2014 10:01 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: Seeking Artwork Donations for Phillips Auctions Supporting the Dubin Breast Center Anyone you think that I should ask?? Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: "Henges, Jessica" Date: August 27, 2014 at 5:15:05 PM EDT To: Eva Dubin Cc: "Kimberly Feierstein >, "Port, Elisa" , "Bellino, Melissa" McGarry, Gretchen" > > Subject: FW: Seeking Artwork Donations for Phillips Auctions Supporting the Dubin Breast Center Eva and Dr. Port: Below is an updated Phillips letter. I removed the listing of confirmed pieces per Sara and

**[FULL]:** Center is dependent on philanthropy in order to treat thousands of patients a year, regardless of their ability to pay. Thank you in advance for your consideration of our request and your support of the Dubin Breast Center. With warm regards, Elisa Port, MD, FACS Director, Dubin Breast Center Eva Andersson-Dubin, MD Founder, Dubin Breast Center Trustee, Mount Sinai Health System SUGGESTED ARTIST LIST WeiWei Ai Ghada Amer Richard Artschwager Tauba Auerbach Donald Baechler John Baldessari Ali Banisadr 2 EFTA_R1_01653864 EFTA02518296 Jean-Michel Basquiat Nina Beier Walead Beshty Alighie

**[FULL]:** Center is dependent on philanthropy in order to treat thousands of patients a year, regardless of their ability to pay. Thank you in advance for your consideration of our request and your support of the Dubin Breast Center. With warm regards, Elisa Port, MD, FACS Director, Dubin Breast Center Eva Andersson-Dubin, MD Founder, Dubin Breast Center Trustee, Mount Sinai Health System SUGGESTED ARTIST LIST WeiWei Ai Ghada Amer Richard Artschwager Tauba Auerbach Donald Baechler John Baldessari Ali Banisadr 2 EFTA_R1_01653864 EFTA02518296 Jean-Michel Basquiat Nina Beier Walead Beshty Alighiero Boe

**[WORD]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Wednesday, August 27, 2014 10:01 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: Seeking Artwork Donations for Phillips Auctions Supporting the Dubin Breast Center Anyone you think that I should ask?? Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: "Henges, Jessica" Date: August 27, 2014 at 5:15:05 PM EDT To: Eva Dubin Cc: "Kimberly Feierstein >, "Port, Elisa" , "Bellino, Melissa" McGarry, Gretchen" > > Subject: FW: Seeking Artw

**[WORD]:** ?? Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: "Henges, Jessica" Date: August 27, 2014 at 5:15:05 PM EDT To: Eva Dubin Cc: "Kimberly Feierstein >, "Port, Elisa" , "Bellino, Melissa" McGarry, Gretchen" > > Subject: FW: Seeking Artwork Donations for Phillips Auctions Supporting the Dubin Breast Center Eva and Dr. Port: Below is an updated Phillips letter. I removed the listing of confirmed pieces per Sara and Philae's recommendation, as Marianne's artists are not yet 100% confirmed. I also added the Suggested Artist List to the bottom of the email, as opposed to attaching it, to

**[WORD]:** opposed to attaching it, to make it easier for people to view. I look forward to reviewing this with you tomorrow morning. Thanks! Jessica From: Henges, Jessica Sent: Wednesday, August 27, 2014 5:05 PM To: Henges, Jessica Subject: Seeking Artwork Donations for Phillips Auctions Supporting the Dubin Breast Center Sent on behalf of Drs. Elisa Port and Eva-Andersson-Dubin: Dear Friend, As you may already know, the Dubin Breast Center has partnered with Phillips on their upcoming Contemporary Art and Design auctions. All proceeds from the sale of pieces generously donated by Dubin Breast Cent

**[WORD]:** rward to reviewing this with you tomorrow morning. Thanks! Jessica From: Henges, Jessica Sent: Wednesday, August 27, 2014 5:05 PM To: Henges, Jessica Subject: Seeking Artwork Donations for Phillips Auctions Supporting the Dubin Breast Center Sent on behalf of Drs. Elisa Port and Eva-Andersson-Dubin: Dear Friend, As you may already know, the Dubin Breast Center has partnered with Phillips on their upcoming Contemporary Art and Design auctions. All proceeds from the sale of pieces generously donated by Dubin Breast Center supporters will EFTA_R1_01653863 EFTA02518295 go directly to the Ce

**[WORD]:** Thanks! Jessica From: Henges, Jessica Sent: Wednesday, August 27, 2014 5:05 PM To: Henges, Jessica Subject: Seeking Artwork Donations for Phillips Auctions Supporting the Dubin Breast Center Sent on behalf of Drs. Elisa Port and Eva-Andersson-Dubin: Dear Friend, As you may already know, the Dubin Breast Center has partnered with Phillips on their upcoming Contemporary Art and Design auctions. All proceeds from the sale of pieces generously donated by Dubin Breast Center supporters will EFTA_R1_01653863 EFTA02518295 go directly to the Center to support its lifesaving services and cutting

**[WORD]:** porting the Dubin Breast Center Sent on behalf of Drs. Elisa Port and Eva-Andersson-Dubin: Dear Friend, As you may already know, the Dubin Breast Center has partnered with Phillips on their upcoming Contemporary Art and Design auctions. All proceeds from the sale of pieces generously donated by Dubin Breast Center supporters will EFTA_R1_01653863 EFTA02518295 go directly to the Center to support its lifesaving services and cutting-edge research. Our Friday, September 26th deadline for securing works of art is approaching. We are seeking contemporary paintings and drawings, furniture, sculp

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Wednesday, August 27, 2014 10:01 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: Seeking Artwork Donations for Phillips Auctions Supporting the Dubin Breast 
Center 
Anyone you think that I should ask?? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Henges, Jessica" 
Date: August 27, 2014 at 5:15:05 PM EDT 
To: Eva Dubin  
Cc: "Kimberly Feierstein 
>, "Port, Elisa" 
, "Bellino, Melissa" 
McGarry, Gretchen" 
> > 
Subject: FW: Seeking Artwork Donations for Phillips Auctions Supporting the Dubin Breast Center 
Eva and Dr. Port: Below is an updated Phillips letter. I removed the listing of confirmed pieces per Sara and 
Philae's recommendation, as Marianne's artists are not yet 100% confirmed. I also added the Suggested Artist List to 
the bottom of the email, as opposed to attaching it, to make it easier for people to view. I look forward to reviewing this 
with you tomorrow morning. Thanks! Jessica 
From: Henges, Jessica 
Sent: Wednesday, August 27, 2014 5:05 PM 
To: Henges, Jessica 
Subject: Seeking Artwork Donations for Phillips Auctions Supporting the Dubin Breast Center 
Sent on behalf of Drs. Elisa Port and Eva-Andersson-Dubin: 
Dear Friend, 
As you may already know, the Dubin Breast Center has partnered with Phillips on their upcoming Contemporary 
Art and Design auctions. All proceeds from the sale of pieces generously donated by Dubin Breast Center supporters will 
EFTA_R1_01653863 
EFTA02518295

go directly to the Center to support its lifesaving services and cutting-edge research. Our Friday, September 26th 
deadline for securing works of art is approaching. 
We are seeking contemporary paintings and drawings, furniture, sculpture and photographs with a minimum 
estimate of $20,000; the Suggested Artist List below indicates those that would be excellent fits for the auction, and we 
would gladly consider others. Artwork will be offered in the Contemporary Art sales in November 2014, and furniture 
and other works of decorative arts will be offered in a specialized Design auction in December 2014. Phillips will 
designate the net sales proceeds to the Dubin Breast Center and will waive the vendor's commission in addition to other 
related costs. Several generous individuals have already committed to donating pieces. 
Would you be interested in donating work to support the Center, or helping us secure donations? If so, please 
be in touch with Gretchen McGarry at Gretchen.McGarry@mountsinai.org <mailto:Gretchen.McGarry@mountsinai.org> 
or 212.731.7436. We would be delighted to discuss this with you and will call you to follow up and answer any questions 
you may have. 
The Dubin Breast Center at The Tisch Cancer Institute, part of the Mount Sinai Health System, is one of the best 
centers for breast health in the country, offering innovative prevention and treatment options that address the needs of 
each patient in a calming setting. The Dubin Breast Center is dependent on philanthropy in order to treat thousands of 
patients a year, regardless of their ability to pay. 
Thank you in advance for your consideration of our request and your support of the Dubin Breast Center. 
With warm regards, 
Elisa Port, MD, FACS 
Director, Dubin Breast Center 
Eva Andersson-Dubin, MD 
Founder, Dubin Breast Center 
Trustee, Mount Sinai Health System 
SUGGESTED ARTIST LIST 
WeiWei Ai 
Ghada Amer 
Richard Artschwager 
Tauba Auerbach 
Donald Baechler 
John Baldessari 
Ali Banisadr 
2 
EFTA_R1_01653864 
EFTA02518296

Jean-Michel Basquiat 
Nina Beier 
Walead Beshty 
Alighiero Boetti 
Louise Bourgeois 
Mark Bradford 
Cecily Brown 
Maurizio Cattelan 
Dan Colen 
George Condo 
Ethan Cook 
John Currin 
Aaron Curry 
Peter Doig 
Marlene Dumas 
Tracey Emin 
Eiger Esser 
Lucio Fontana 
Theaster Gates 
Os Gemeos 
Antony Gormley 
Mark Grotjahn 
Subodh Gupta 
Wade Guyton 
Peter Halley 
David Hammons 
3 
EFTA_R1_01653865 
EFTA02518297

Keith Haring 
Damien Hirst 
Jim Hodges 
Candida Hofer 
Idris Kahn 
Jacob Kassay 
Alex Katz 
KAWS 
Mike Kelley 
AnseIm Kiefer 
Martin Kippenberger 
Yves Klein 
Terence Koh 
Barbara Kruger 
Yayoi Kusama 
Elad Lassry 
Sol Le Witt 
Glenn Ligon 
Robert Longo 
Nate Lowman 
Adam McEwen 
Marilyn Minter 
Matthew Monahan 
Yoshitomo Nara 
Chris Ofili 
Gabriel Orozco 
4 
EFTA_R1_01653866 
EFTA02518298

Enoc Perez 
Raymond Pettibon 
Richard Pettibone 
Richard Phillips 
Jack Pierson 
Michelangelo Pistoletto 
Sigmar Polke 
Kour Pour 
Alex Prager 
Richard Prince 
Rob Pruitt 
Marc Quinn 
Gerhard Richter 
Ugo Rondinone 
Sterling Ruby 
Thomas Ruff 
Ed Ruscha 
Dana Schutz 
Richard Serra 
Cindy Sherman 
Pinka Shonibare 
Philip Taaffe 
Mickalene Thomas 
Rosemarie Trockel 
Lee Ufan 
Francesco Vezzoli 
s 
EFTA_R1_01653867 
EFTA02518299

Massimo Vitali 
Kara Walker 
Kelly Walker 
Andy Warhol 
Lawrence Weiner 
James Welling 
Christopher Wool 
Lynette Yiadom-Boakye 
6 
EFTA_R1_01653868 
EFTA02518300

7 
EFTA_R1_01653869 
EFTA02518301

8 
EFTA_R1_01653870 
EFTA02518302

9 
EFTA_R1_01653871 
EFTA02518303

10 
EFTA_R1_01653872 
EFTA02518304

