# EFTA02297694

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: joi ito

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** wrote: > Yes, reminder that if it is to be exactly as sarah did , my start date =s determined by her response to me. > Sent from my iPhone » On Jan 2, 2014, at 11:02 AM, Karyna Shuliak > wrote: » Jeffrey confirmed that he wants to make sweatshirts for Boris. And =e also asked to make them for Bill Gates as well please. » Sent from my iPhone >» On Jan 2, 2014, at 9:19 AM, > =rote: >» >» It wasn't me who did it for Leon. I will have to ask sarah the =pecifics once she has landed in Hong Kong. >» >» Sent from my iPhone >» »» On Jan 2, 2014, at 8:21 AM, Karyna Shuliak > wrote: >>» »» Hi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lesley Groff < 
Sent: 
Thursday, January 2, 2014 4:31 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Subject: 
Re: Sweatshirts 
ok, let us know when that is... thanks 
On Jan 2, 2014, at 11:22 AM, 
wrote: 
> Yes, reminder that if it is to be exactly as sarah did , my start date =s determined by her response to me. 
> Sent from my iPhone 
» On Jan 2, 2014, at 11:02 AM, Karyna Shuliak 
> wrote: 
» Jeffrey confirmed that he wants to make sweatshirts for Boris. And =e also asked to make them for Bill Gates as well 
please. 
» Sent from my iPhone 
>» On Jan 2, 2014, at 9:19 AM, 
> =rote: 
>» 
>» It wasn't me who did it for Leon. I will have to ask sarah the =pecifics once she has landed in Hong Kong. 
>» 
>» Sent from my iPhone 
>» 
»» On Jan 2, 2014, at 8:21 AM, Karyna Shuliak 
> wrote: 
>>» 
»» Hi 
>>» Jeffrey wants you to order sweatshirts with American flag like you =id for Leon, but this time for Joi Ito, Reid 
Hoffman and also he asked =f you had any made for Boris before, if not he wants it for him as =ell. He wants 4 
sweatshirts to be made for each person (2 with partial =ipper, 2 with full). In terms of color he said dark blue or black. 
Here =s the list of sizes he gave me: 
»» Joi Ito: Medium 
»» Reid Hoffman: XXL 
»» Boris (if needed): XL 
>>» 
»» Thank you. 
>>» 
>>» Sent from my iPhone 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "4/AppleilDTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
EFTA_R1_01160619 
EFTA02297694

<did> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>33479</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewet/key> 
<integenNinteger> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>13886802514integen 
<key>flagsgkey> 
<integer>86237501454integen 
<key>remote-idgkey> 
ctring>93864string> 
</did> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_011 60620 
EFTA02297695

