# EFTA02319926

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** here are a few suggestions: >» - 2 pairs Butter Sweatpants (in size for her age) -Japanese tea set >» - Ballet flats - she wears size 3 >» -flat Adidas soccer shoes for indoor play 9menaing no cleats)-size 3 TBD >» Original Message >» From >» Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 3:58 PM >» To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, Kimberly >» Subject: Christmas >» >» Hi Eva, >» Just wonderin if you could give some insight on Christmas present =deal for speakers for room =nd bathroom for her present. Any input would be greatly appreciated. >» Thank you! >» >» >» >» >» This e-mail message is intended o

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Monday, December 6, 2010 7:33 PM 
To: 
Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: 
Re: Christmas 
I bought 8 of the balls for 
as that is all they had in stock 
On Dec 6, 2010, at 2:16 PM, Feierstein, Kimberly wrote: 
> What about forte 
else. Thanks. 
 
Original Message 
> From: 
> Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 1:36 PM 
> To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
> Subject: Re: Christmas 
> thank you..l'm looking for speakers for her from JE On Dec 6, 2010, at 
> 1:34 PM, Feierstein, Kimberly wrote: 
» Change of plans...One of 
are going to give her =he sunglasses. 
Any idea what he is getting forte 
I want to =ive away the other gift ideas to someone 
 
Original Message 
» From: Feierstein, Kimberly 
» Sealy, 
December 06, 2010 9:15 AM 
» To 
» Subject: RE: Christmas 
>> 
» Actually.. 
aid Jeffrey was getting her speakers? She wants =o make sure she gets the sunglasses so I can have 
one of her =randparents get them for her unless he does need more gift ideas for =er. Let me know. 
» 
Original Message 
» From: Feierstein, Kimberly 
» Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 9:02 AM 
» To -
» Subject: RE: Christmas 
>> 
>> 
» Sunglasses (the Haviana ones) -
» =ttp://www.gooddens.com/pd-ray-ban-sunglasses-rb4125-cats-5000-mens.c 
» fm She also said gifts cards to stores such as - Bloomingdales, Olive 
» =ette, Victoria Secret 
>> 
>> 
>> 
Original Message 
» From: 
» Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 4:32 PM 
EFTA_R1_01228819 
EFTA02319926

» To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
» Subject: Re: Christmas 
» Thank you! I will forward this to. 
as well. I had asked her to =elp me with ideas and in buying Xmas presents, so 
it's a joint effort! 
>> 
» On Dec 3, 2010, at 4:28 PM, "Feierstein, Kimberly" 
wrote: 
>» Hi 
I totally had this answer for you earlier, but I didn't =ave a chance to send yet. Also, Eva originally had me 
sending it to =usan. Do I need to send to her as well? 
>>> 
>>
 he would love to get 5-10 of the balls in the link below. =hey are for a machine. 
>» =ttp://www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?productld=370067 
>» 6&cp=3D2367438.2367820.2356658.2360703 
>» 
»a- 
here are a few suggestions: 
>» - 2 pairs Butter Sweatpants (in size for her age) -Japanese tea set 
>» - Ballet flats - she wears size 3 
>» -flat Adidas soccer shoes for indoor play 9menaing no cleats)-size 3 
TBD 
>» 
Original Message 
>» From 
>» Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 3:58 PM 
>» To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, Kimberly 
>» Subject: Christmas 
>» 
>» Hi Eva, 
>» Just wonderin if you could give some insight on Christmas present =deal for 
speakers for 
room =nd bathroom for her present. Any input would be greatly appreciated. 
>» Thank you! 
>» 
>» 
>» 
>» 
>» This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) =bove. It may contain confidential information. If 
you are not the =ntended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, =istribution or copying of this e-mail 
and any attachment(s) is strictly =rohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please =mmediately notify the 
sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the =essage and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
>» 
I'm looking for 
» This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) =bove. It may contain confidential information. If you 
are not the =ntended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, =istribution or copying of this e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly =rohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please =mmediately notify the sender 
by replying to this e-mail and delete the =essage and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
>> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01228820 
EFTA02319927

> This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. =t may contain confidential information. If you 
are not the intended =ecipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution =r copying of this e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. =f you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the =ender 
by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any =ttachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//APPle/MTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<clict> 
<key>date-sent</key> 
creal>1291663965</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</ke > 
<string>imap:// 
/Sent%20Messages</string> 
<key>remote-id< key> 
<string>624</string> 
<key>subject</key> 
<string>Re: Christmas</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01228821 
EFTA02319928

