# EFTA02429871

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation gmail.com|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrelteevacationfpgmail.com] From: Eva Dubin Sent Fri 2/12/2010 3:43:45 AM Subject RE: I will research tomorrow. Date: Thu, I I Feb 2010 18:14:55 -0500 Subject: From: jeevacation gmail.com To: sent all her info to bill lawrence that she was willing to volunteer. she hasn;t heard ack yet. ***** **************** ******** *** *****

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrelteevacationfpgmail.com] 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent 
Fri 2/12/2010 3:43:45 AM 
Subject RE: 
I will research tomorrow. 
Date: Thu, I I Feb 2010 18:14:55 -0500 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation gmail.com 
To: 
sent all her info to bill lawrence that she was willing to volunteer. she hasn;t heard 
ack yet. 
***** 
**************** 
******** 
*** ******* 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
Hotmail: Trusted email with Microsoft's powerful SPAM protection. Sign up now. 
EFTA_R1_0 1499640 
EFTA02429871

