# EFTA00016198 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Sunday, July 5, 2020 7:05 PM
- **Subject:** Corruption , Epstein, and Ghislaine

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: (USANYS)" Subject: FW: Corruption , Epstein, and Ghislaine Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 16:21:49 +0000 Attachments: BILL O'CONNELLChildRapeVictim.pdf; EpsteinO'ConnellMaxwel17520.pdf Inline-Images: -WRD000.jpg FYI From Sent: Sunday, July 5, 2020 7:05 PM To: Cc: Subject: Corruption , Epstein, and Ghislaine Hi, My name is and I reside in NH. I have bee

### Match 2
> SANYS)" Subject: FW: Corruption , Epstein, and Ghislaine Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 16:21:49 +0000 Attachments: BILL O'CONNELLChildRapeVictim.pdf; EpsteinO'ConnellMaxwel17520.pdf Inline-Images: -WRD000.jpg FYI From Sent: Sunday, July 5, 2020 7:05 PM To: Cc: Subject: Corruption , Epstein, and Ghislaine Hi, My name is and I reside in NH. I have been reporting a group of wealthy real estate developers, nightclub and restaurant owners, along with rogue police who cater to them, donate for them, and seemingly offer private police services to them. One of the MA troopers is the brother of the ni

### Match 3
> ces to them. One of the MA troopers is the brother of the nightclub owners and he's close to pedophile wealthy developer Wm. O'Connell. (arrested for statutory rape and cocaine trafficking) I have come across new information which leads me to believe the above group is tied to Epstein, and even Ghislaine, but definitely the million dollar homes where she lived and the LLC's connected to them. I have attached these documents on both a Google doc and PDF file for your viewing. I know this group, with the exception of the pedophile and nightclub owners, because I was married to one I divorced over

### Match 4
> on them, and they're still issuing threats. This pedophile's victim was killed in a fiery crash one week before his trial was to begin, so he got off those charges. But the similarities between both he and Epstein are astounding, but I'm sure they knew him. See attached, Bill O'Connnell Epstein-Ghislaine doc https://docs.googyrfeidtAnlaidig#102Fig.IFM_-q d5vr4Yp8006sDgli02.3zDwhciedit?usp=sharing EFTA00016198 Thank you, EFTA00016199
