# EFTA02418772

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation(thomail.com>|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|Wed Sep 29 11:15:21 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeevacation[Jeevacationagmail.com) From: The Duke Sent Wed 9/29/2010 11:55:13 AM Subject: RE: Re: Delighted for you to come here to BP. Come with whomever and I'll be here free from 1600ish to 2000. A HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeevacation [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: 29 September 2010 12:53 To: The Duke Subject: Re: Re: Should I come there at 4? Or where? Sent from my iPhone On Sep 29, 2010, at 12:38 PM, "The Duke" a wrote: Sadly can't have a lunch with Saudi Prince and then out to secret intell

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeevacation[Jeevacationagmail.com) 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent 
Wed 9/29/2010 11:55:13 AM 
Subject: RE: Re: 
Delighted for you to come here to BP. Come with whomever and I'll be here free 
from 1600ish to 2000. 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeevacation [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: 29 September 2010 12:53 
To: The Duke 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Should I come there at 4? Or where? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 29, 2010, at 12:38 PM, "The Duke" a 
wrote: 
Sadly can't have a lunch with Saudi Prince and then out to secret intelligence firm. Free 
from 1600 before G comes to me at 1700. 
A 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation(thomail.com>
To: The Duke 
Sent: Wed Sep 29 11:15:21 2010 
Subject: 
g is here with me„ i am meeting with eduardo at cipriani , at 130. what are you doing 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA_R1_01484268 
EFTA02418772

confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01484269 
EFTA02418773

