# EFTA02456987

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, July 15, 2016 8:11 PM To: Richard Kahn Subject: Re: CS & BCS ok my fault On Fri, Jul 15, 2016 at 4:03 PM, Richard K=hn > wrote: i apologize as i was u=able to put orders in today as Vahe/ Daniel at DB Andrew at MS 4,=A0 and Julie at ML (all 3 STC brokerage accounts) all were not at de=k as i called last 10 minutes of day.. please confirm i shall=put in orders monday am in STC thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 On Jul 15, 2016, at 3:53 PM, jeffre= E. <jeevaca=ion@gmail

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, July 15, 2016 8:11 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: CS & BCS 
ok my fault 
On Fri, Jul 15, 2016 at 4:03 PM, Richard K=hn 
> wrote: 
i apologize as i was u=able to put orders in today as Vahe/ Daniel at DB Andrew at MS 4,=A0 and Julie at ML 
(all 3 STC brokerage accounts) all were not at de=k as i called last 10 minutes of day.. 
please confirm i shall=put in orders monday am in STC 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
On Jul 15, 2016, at 3:53 PM, jeffre= E. <jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> > 
wrote: 
no 100k =housand shares at market 1.1 m 
On Fri, Jul 15, 2016 at 3:32 PM, Richar= Kahn 
aMINMMINO 
> wrote: 
confirming i should=buy in stc account approximately 8800 shares of CS (last price 11.33) for 
=otal cost of 100,000 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
EFTA_R1_01560519 
EFTA02456987

New York, NY 10022 
On Jul 15, 2016, at 3:25 PM, jeffre= E. <jeevaca=ion@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
buy 100k credi= suisse for stc. 
40=A0 please note 
The information contained in this commu=ication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
cons=itute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addre=see. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copyi=g of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
a=d may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pl=ase notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, a=d 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all a=tachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The in=ormation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorn=y-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended=only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-=ail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
2 
EFTA_R1_01560520 
EFTA02456988

destroy this communication and all c=pies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved=br> 
=C24, please note 
The information contained in this communication =s 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute in=ide information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It =s the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thi= 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be=unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please noti=y us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> , and 
des=roy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachment=. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_M_01560521 
EFTA02456989

