# EFTA00016944 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 10

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:19 AM
- **Subject:** RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Liminel

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: TO: MI SYS)" ›, (USANYS)" Cc:' " , " (USANYS)" t Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2021 13:50:26 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell's_Motions_in_Limine.zip Inline-Images: image001.jpg Oh sure! I've attached the zip file, but also happy to add you to the share drive if you like. From: (USANYS) <= > Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:19 AM To:

### Match 2
> s_in_Limine.zip Inline-Images: image001.jpg Oh sure! I've attached the zip file, but also happy to add you to the share drive if you like. From: (USANYS) <= > Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:19 AM To: Cc: c= > (USANYS) (USANYS) < Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Liminel Thanks, I don't seem to have access to the shared. Would you mind asking IT to add me and =? And/or emailing the PDF? From: Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 12:15 AM To: (USANYS) , (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) <E > > Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)

### Match 3
> s Motions in Liminel Thanks, I don't seem to have access to the shared. Would you mind asking IT to add me and =? And/or emailing the PDF? From: Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 12:15 AM To: (USANYS) , (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) <E > > Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Liminel The defense filed 13 motions in limine. I've attached their two cover letters, and the various motions are saved here: Wisa.doj.gov \ cloud \ NYS \ StAndrewAShareaUSvEpstein-2018R01618MTrial MIIADefense MILs From: Nicole Simmons Sent: Monday, October 18, 2021 11:41 PM To:

### Match 4
> d here: Wisa.doj.gov \ cloud \ NYS \ StAndrewAShareaUSvEpstein-2018R01618MTrial MIIADefense MILs From: Nicole Simmons Sent: Monday, October 18, 2021 11:41 PM To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' Cc: Jeff Pagliuca Laura Menninger (USANYS) Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Liminel Dear Judge Nathan: At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine and supporting documents. Regards, Nicole Simmons EFTA00016944 Nicole Simmons Haddon. Morgan and Foreman P C. Denver, Colorado 80203 wwithmflaw.com EFTA0001694

### Match 5
> e Simmons Sent: Monday, October 18, 2021 11:41 PM To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' Cc: Jeff Pagliuca Laura Menninger (USANYS) Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Liminel Dear Judge Nathan: At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine and supporting documents. Regards, Nicole Simmons EFTA00016944 Nicole Simmons Haddon. Morgan and Foreman P C. Denver, Colorado 80203 wwithmflaw.com EFTA00016945

### Match 6
> From: TO: MI SYS)" ›, (USANYS)" Cc:' " , " (USANYS)" t Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2021 13:50:26 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell's_Motions_in_Limine.zip Inline-Images: image001.jpg Oh sure! I've attached the zip file, but also happy to add you to the share drive if you like. From: (USANYS) <= > Sent:

### Match 7
> From: TO: MI SYS)" ›, (USANYS)" Cc:' " , " (USANYS)" t Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2021 13:50:26 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell's_Motions_in_Limine.zip Inline-Images: image001.jpg Oh sure! I've attached the zip file, but also happy to add you to the share drive if you like. From: (USANYS) <= > Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:19 AM To: Cc: c= > (USANYS) (USANYS) < Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 33

### Match 8
> +0000 Attachments: Maxwell's_Motions_in_Limine.zip Inline-Images: image001.jpg Oh sure! I've attached the zip file, but also happy to add you to the share drive if you like. From: (USANYS) <= > Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:19 AM To: Cc: c= > (USANYS) (USANYS) < Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Liminel Thanks, I don't seem to have access to the shared. Would you mind asking IT to add me and =? And/or emailing the PDF? From: Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 12:15 AM To: (USANYS) , (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) <E > > Subject: FW: U.S

### Match 9
> e No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Liminel Thanks, I don't seem to have access to the shared. Would you mind asking IT to add me and =? And/or emailing the PDF? From: Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 12:15 AM To: (USANYS) , (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) <E > > Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Liminel The defense filed 13 motions in limine. I've attached their two cover letters, and the various motions are saved here: Wisa.doj.gov \ cloud \ NYS \ StAndrewAShareaUSvEpstein-2018R01618MTrial MIIADefense MILs From: Nicole Simmons Sent:

### Match 10
> rs, and the various motions are saved here: Wisa.doj.gov \ cloud \ NYS \ StAndrewAShareaUSvEpstein-2018R01618MTrial MIIADefense MILs From: Nicole Simmons Sent: Monday, October 18, 2021 11:41 PM To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' Cc: Jeff Pagliuca Laura Menninger (USANYS) Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Liminel Dear Judge Nathan: At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine and supporting documents. Regards, Nicole Simmons EFTA00016944 Nicole Simmons Haddon. Morgan and Foreman P C. Denver, Colo
