# EFTA02520584

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: mit, meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** e: You're always impressive On Wed, Jun 27, 2018 at 7:19 AM Kath= Ruemmle > wrote: mailto: Interesting meeting. He is very thoughtful...A0 Not sure that I was that impressive, but I don't know that he w=uld know one way or the other. Impetus for this search was a convers=tion that he had with Bill Gates and Brad Smith model. <=iv dir="auto"> On Jun 26, 2018, at 10:02 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.co=> wrote: > wrote: Summary? On W=d, Jun 27, 2018 at 7:01 AM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> Wait until hotel <=div> On Wed, Jun 27, 2018 at 6:58 =M Kathy Ru

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 27, 2018 5:31 AM 
To: 
Kathy Ruemmler 
Subject: 
Re: 
You're always impressive 
On Wed, Jun 27, 2018 at 7:19 AM Kath= Ruemmle 
> wrote: 
mailto: 
Interesting meeting. He is very thoughtful...A0 Not sure that I was that impressive, but I don't know that he 
w=uld know one way or the other. Impetus for this search was a convers=tion that he had with Bill Gates and Brad 
Smith model. 
<=iv dir="auto"> 
On Jun 26, 2018, at 10:02 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.co=> wrote: 
> wrote: 
Summary? 
On W=d, Jun 27, 2018 at 7:01 AM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> 
Wait until hotel 
<=div> 
On Wed, Jun 27, 2018 at 6:58 =M Kathy Ruemmler 
<mailto
. wrote: 
Heading to hotel now 4=94 just left, but not sure I should talk in front of driver. 
</=iv> 
On Jun 26, 2018, at 9:53 PM, jeffrey E. <=a hrefemailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" 
target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com> wrote: 
Awake and on cell :) 
plea=e note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confi=ential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_01657443 
EFTA02520584

constitute inside inform=tion, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the prop=rty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
commun=cation or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. 4 you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immed=ately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> , 
and 
destroy this c=mmunication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrigh= -all rights reserved 
please note=br> 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential= may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, =nd is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of=br>JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication=or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you =ave received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately =y 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
please note 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= target=> 
The inform=tion contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-c=ient privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended onl= for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthor=zed use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereo= is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this<=r>communication in error, please notify us 
immediately by 
return e-mail=or by e-mail to <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copie= thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
--000000000000f91bc1056f98ecfa-- conversation-id 1766 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 
1530077484 flags 8590195729 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 831773 
2 
EFTA_R1_01657444 
EFTA02520585

