# EFTA02460311

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** . I know she will be a true asset to their program and the patients and staff will love her. I hope all is well with you and yo=r family. George Raptis sings your praises and has told me a bit about all the great things you have done for breast cancer patients and Mount Sinai and the outstanding Dubin Center. I'm confident you must feel very gratified and proud with what you have achieved. I would love to catch up with you and hear what you are doing; even a brief phone call when you have the chance. I will have Emily's C.V. sent und=r separate cover. Thanks in advance for your consideration

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
MICHAEL BUCHHOLTZ 
Sent: 
Monda June 6 2016 3:12 AM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com; 
Subject: 
Michael S Buchholtz/Emily 
Dear Eva 
It's Michael Buchholtz; I got your email =ddress from Jeffrey. 
As you may know I work for Northwell Health; I'm Chief of Hematology/Oncology at Huntington Hospital and Medical 
Director of the 
(outpatient) Cancer Institute at Huntington. All is well. 
My daughter Emily Buchholtz is a certifie= Dietitian/Nutritionist who has applied for the position of outpatient 
Nutritionist at the Ruttenberg Cancer Center. She had the first round telephone screening interview on Thursday and I 
think it went well. I'm sure its a very competitive position and I was hoping you might be able to put in a good word for 
the next round of "in person" interviews which will probably be this next week. 
Obviously I'm prejudiced but Emily is an =utstanding candidate. 
Her education /training is excellent. Her BS is from Indiana Universi=y which has a high quality Nutrition Department
and nationally recognized Medical School) ;and then her internship at North Shore-LIJ Medical Centers. She did a 
rotation at Lenox Hill during the internship and immediately upon graduation they asked her to fill in when one of=20 
their dietitians went out on sick leave. After several months there t=e senior dietitian returned and the Lenox Hills 
director helped Emily go straight into SUNY Downstate, another NY academic center ,where she currently is employed. 
Emily is a very hard working, responsibl= young woman who gets along great with co-workers and patients. She 
has a wonderful personality and excellent "social skills". She and 2 other friends have recently developed an outpatient 
consulting program 
(TheWellNecessities.com) and Emily has done consults with cancer patients from my practice ; all have been very 
pleased. 
The position at Ruttenberg sounds =ery exciting; Emily has a great interest in oncology and she would be thrilled 
to work at such a world class program. I know she will be a true asset to their program and the patients and staff will 
love her. 
I hope all is well with you and yo=r family. George Raptis sings your praises and has told me a bit about all the 
great things you have done for breast cancer patients and Mount Sinai and the outstanding Dubin Center. I'm confident 
you must feel very gratified and proud with what you have achieved. I would love to catch up with you and hear what 
you are doing; even a brief phone call when you have the chance. 
I will have Emily's C.V. sent und=r separate cover. Thanks in advance for your consideration or any thoughts you 
may have. 
With all my best wishes =AC
 
Cell 
Contact at Mount Sinai Saman=ha Gallo, MS,RD,CON,CDE 
=AO 
=C2 
Clinical Nutrition Supervisor, Mount Sinai Hospital 
=AO 
cell;
=AO 
=C2 
office 212-241-0072 
=C2 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
alict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
EFTA_R1_01565830 
EFTA02460311

<I nteger>78354</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1465182718</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>618343</string> 
</diet> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01565831 
EFTA02460312

