# EFTA02472836

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, February 12, 2016 3:49 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: yes, just landed , can you give her a ri=e then? wrote: Are you theremm Sent from=my iPhone On Feb 12, 2016, at 10:45 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com=/a» wrote: s flying today to palm , do you need her to bring anythjing=br clear="alP'> =C2 please note The information

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, February 12, 2016 3:49 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
yes, just landed , can you give her a ri=e then? 
wrote: 
Are you theremm 
Sent from=my iPhone 
On Feb 12, 2016, at 10:45 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com=/a» wrote: 
s flying today to palm , do you need her to bring anythjing=br clear="alP'> 
=C2 
please note 
The information contained in t=is communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, ma= 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of =he addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure=or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohib=ted 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in =rror, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.c=m, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
includ=ng all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_01584957 
EFTA02472836

communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.comq=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01584958 
EFTA02472837

