# EFTA00030592 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 13

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, October 9, 2020 3:10 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Date: Fri, 09 Oct 2020 21:08:10 +0000 lane-Images: iinage001.jpg We will need to export the data from the database, but we will need to send a hard drive to the vendor as the file size of the production will be too large to place on a FTP site for download. I would also suggest getting a

### Match 2
> om counsel so you can copy the data on the hard drive. I can have the vendor start the export on Monday. Can you please see if you can get a 1 TB drive to send to PAE so they can copy the production on the drive. Thank you. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 4:59 PM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Thanks everyone. I would like to produce all the native files—are they all bates stamped and ready to go? From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 4:57 PM To: > Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hey—, I leave it up to the AUSAs on your question regarding native files. The productions lo

### Match 3
> on on the drive. Thank you. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 4:59 PM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Thanks everyone. I would like to produce all the native files—are they all bates stamped and ready to go? From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 4:57 PM To: > Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hey—, I leave it up to the AUSAs on your question regarding native files. The productions look good to me but I do have one question. The drive that we sent to be uploaded contained about 41,000 files. In these two productions I only see a total of about 22,000. Is that because there are

### Match 4
> be uploaded contained about 41,000 files. In these two productions I only see a total of about 22,000. Is that because there are some natives that couldn't be imaged and are thus not viewable on the database? Thanks, • From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 3:10 PM To: ; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hello, All of the documents from this production has been bates stamped an is now available in Relativity for review. Please use the following links below to review the production: US v Epstein - SDNY_PROD008 - VOL-008 - https://dlpe.nss.pae.com/Relativityigo?id=1420850-2720682 US v Eps

### Match 5
> r the native files that could not be imaged there is a slip-sheet that says document produced natively and the file will be provided in native format. Please let me know if there are any questions. Thank you. EFTA00030592 From: Sent: Monday, October 5, 2020 10:20 AM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Oh and would you also please save them here once they're exported Usa.doj.gov clouaNYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 \ Discovery \GM \05 Fifth Production \TO BE PRODUCED Thank you. From: Sent: Monday, October 5, 2020 9:43 AM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Thank

### Match 6
> t: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Oh and would you also please save them here once they're exported Usa.doj.gov clouaNYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 \ Discovery \GM \05 Fifth Production \TO BE PRODUCED Thank you. From: Sent: Monday, October 5, 2020 9:43 AM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Thank you =. Would you please start at bates number SDNY_GM_00328864 and mark all the documents confidential. Thanks, From: Sent: Monday, October 5, 2020 9:37 AM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The below data has been loaded to Relativity and is available for review: - 7:3 U

### Match 7
> DUCED Thank you. From: Sent: Monday, October 5, 2020 9:43 AM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Thank you =. Would you please start at bates number SDNY_GM_00328864 and mark all the documents confidential. Thanks, From: Sent: Monday, October 5, 2020 9:37 AM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The below data has been loaded to Relativity and is available for review: - 7:3 US v Epstein FBI Case File in Images Seized During Search • I j 2020.09.18 4- in EvIdinco - Images Can you please let me know what bates number you want to use for this production and let me know if there

### Match 8
> ch • I j 2020.09.18 4- in EvIdinco - Images Can you please let me know what bates number you want to use for this production and let me know if there will be a confidential stamp placed on these documents. Thank you. From: Sent: Tuesday, September 29, 2020 4:09 PM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hey =, Is there a timeframe for when these materials will be uploaded? And in turn, stamped and downloaded? Maurene is looking for an update. Thanks, • From: Sent: Monday, September 21, 2020 9:25 AM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload EFTA00030593 The data will be loaded to Re

### Match 9
> ptember 29, 2020 4:09 PM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hey =, Is there a timeframe for when these materials will be uploaded? And in turn, stamped and downloaded? Maurene is looking for an update. Thanks, • From: Sent: Monday, September 21, 2020 9:25 AM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload EFTA00030593 The data will be loaded to Relativity. I will take care of everything from this point forward regarding the drive and let you know if I have any questions. Thank you. From: Sent: Monday, September 21, 2020 9:22 AM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hi=, I hope you

### Match 10
> o: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload EFTA00030593 The data will be loaded to Relativity. I will take care of everything from this point forward regarding the drive and let you know if I have any questions. Thank you. From: Sent: Monday, September 21, 2020 9:22 AM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hi=, I hope you had a wonderful weekend! I was wondering if you had a chance to look over the hard drive that Brian made on Friday. Do you have any ideas for how we should best proceed for producing? Is Relativity still our best bet? Thanks so much! From: Sent: Friday, September 18, 20
