# EFTA02662618

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=jeffrey E.|
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Friday, January 20, 2017 7:37 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** As mentioned, this party in London is pulling my focus. = will email Aby Rosen today to start the planning. Will keep you posted...=will focus on putting list together asap too and making it a celebration o= woman's survival! Thanks so much for coming last night. Did=you have fun with your love Eva Dubin. Do you know Use Evans, marr=ed to Michael Evans? She was tall blond beauty. Getting ready t= watch inauguration and going to see Robert deNiro as Bernie Madoff at 10:=Oam. xoxo Peg = = = = = = = = From:=jeffrey E. Sent: Friday, January 20, 2017 7:37 AM To: Peggy Siegal Subject: <=tr

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent: 
Friday, January 20, 2017 12:53 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
As mentioned, this party in London is pulling my focus. = will email Aby Rosen today to start the planning. Will keep you 
posted...=will focus on putting list together asap too and making it a celebration o= woman's survival! Thanks so much 
for coming last night. Did=you have fun with your love Eva Dubin. Do you know Use Evans, marr=ed to Michael Evans? 
She was tall blond beauty. 
Getting ready t= watch inauguration and going to see Robert deNiro as Bernie Madoff at 10:=Oam. 
xoxo Peg 
= = 
= 
= 
= 
= 
= 
= 
From:=jeffrey E. 
Sent: Friday, January 20, 2017 7:37 AM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Subject: 
<=tr> 
thanks for the invite last=night. 
when you come up for air.=nbsp; ITS your party, 
you work hard fo= everyone 
else. what would you enjoy. ?!!! be creative. =br clear="all"> 
&nb=p; please note 
The information contained in this communicati=n is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute=inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. =t is the property of JEE Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of =his communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may=be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please n=tify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com> , and =estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
conversation-id 56315 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1484916770 flags 8590195713 gmail-label-ids 6 2 remote-id 
680169 
EFTA_R1_01911540 
EFTA02662618

