# EFTA02731757 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet12
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, February 28, 2023 10:37 AM
- **Subject:** RE: fEXTERNALI

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> To: Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: fEXTERNALI / Leon Black Good morning We are reaching out to see if you have some time this week or next week for a quick phone call re: this investigation. We have a new CW who has come forward and alleged sexual abuse by Leon Black. This CW was trafficked by Maxwell and Epstein, and we are wondering whether her name has come across your desk in the course of your investigation. Thank you, From: Sent: Friday, January 21, 2022 5:28 PM To: Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL1 / Leon Black EFTA02731757 Hi We don't have any current plans to interview Ms. again. We we

### Match 2
> ur investigation. Thank you, From: Sent: Friday, January 21, 2022 5:28 PM To: Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL1 / Leon Black EFTA02731757 Hi We don't have any current plans to interview Ms. again. We were previously interested in meeting with the second victim represented by her attorney after the Maxwell trial. Based on our last conversation, I believe you had met with her already. If you are still pursuing an investigation encompassing both victims, we are not likely to open an other investigation. If anything changes or my understanding is incorrect, please let me know. Thank you, On Jan 21,

### Match 3
> On Jan 21, 2022, at 12:53 PM, c: EIME wrote: Hi Hope all is well. We had spoken a couple months ago about Ms. — our office is conducting an investigation into sexual assault allegations by Ms. against Mr. Black. When we last spoke you had indicated that your office was pretty busy with the Maxwell trial and did not have much of an update regarding an investigation involving Ms. Just wanted to check back in now that the trial is over to see if there was anything further on that. Happy to give you a call if you prefer to speak over the phone. Thanks! Assistant District Attorney New York
