# EFTA02679824

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, foundation, mit, dinner

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Miranda Robertson <|
|To|Jenna Friedman|
|Sent|Thursday, February 21, 2013 09:12 PM|
|Subject|Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscars Post-Party|

---

**[FULL]:** To: jeevacation@gmail.com; Cc: Jenna Friedman Subject: Fw: Fwd: Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscars Post-Party Attachments: OAF Oscars 2013 Post Telecast Registration.pdf; ATT00001.htm This is a start. I emailed directly to David Furnish, Elton's partner and Jenna sent a photo of Boris with Bill Gates at an AID benefit in D,C. I am also appealing to Harvey Weinstein to let them in his viewing party...Sunday night. Peggy and Jenna. From: Jenna Friedman Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2013 09:12 PM To: Peggy Siegal Subject: Fwd: Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscars Post-Party Send to Jeffrey Epst

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Peggy Siegal < 
Sent: 
Friday, February 22, 2013 2:53 AM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com; 
Cc: 
Jenna Friedman 
Subject: 
Fw: Fwd: Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscars Post-Party 
Attachments: 
OAF Oscars 2013 Post Telecast Registration.pdf; ATT00001.htm 
This is a start. I emailed directly to David Furnish, Elton's partner and Jenna sent a photo of Boris with Bill Gates at an 
AID benefit in D,C. I am also appealing to Harvey Weinstein to let them in his viewing party...Sunday night. 
Peggy and Jenna. 
From: Jenna Friedman 
Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2013 09:12 PM 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Subject: Fwd: Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscars Post-Party 
Send to Jeffrey Epstein. 
Boris will have to fill this out by tomorrow! 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Miranda Robertson < 
Date: February 21, 2013, 8:59:21 PM EST 
To: Jenna Friedman 
Cc: SCOTT CAMPBELL < 
Dear Jenna, 
Subject: Elton John AIDS Foundation Oscars Post-Party 
Thank you for your interest in the Elton John AIDS Foundation Academy Awards Viewing Party. Although the 
dinner is completely sold out, we do have a limited number of tickets available for purchase for the post-telecast portion 
of the dinner, which starts thirty minutes after the Oscars telecast. I am attaching here a Registration form for these 
tickets, which are priced at $2,500 each. If you are interested, I do encourage you to return the form with payment 
quickly, as these tickets will likely sell out soon. If you have any questions at all please, do not hesitate to let me know! 
Miranda Robertson 
AAB Productions 
EFTA_R1_01985318 
EFTA02679824

64 Allen Street 5th Floor 
New York, NY 10002 
EJAF temporary Los Angeles office February 15-25 
2 
EFTA_R1_01985319 
EFTA02679825

