# EFTA00017832 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> that it could not disclose "because it is subject to a protective order in the Criminal Action," and further noting publicly a desire to seek modification of the protective order in this case to use such materials in the civil case, which the protective order expressly precludes. See Giuffre v. Ghislaine Maxwell, No. 15 Civ. 7433 (LAP) (Dkt. 1100). Moreover, even assuming the defendant intends to scrupulously adhere to the terms of the protective order, that would not change the relevant legal standards, which weigh heavily against granting the requested relief. EFTA00017834 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Doc

### Match 2
> that it could not disclose "because it is subject to a protective order in the Criminal Action," and further noting publicly a desire to seek modification of the protective order in this case to use such materials in the civil case, which the protective order expressly precludes. See Giuffre v. Ghislaine Maxwell, No. 15 Civ. 7433 (LAP) (Dkt. 1100). Moreover, even assuming the defendant intends to scrupulously adhere to the terms of the protective order, that would not change the relevant legal standards, which weigh heavily against granting the requested relief. EFTA00017834 Case 1:20-cr-00330

### Match 3
> e Silvio J. Mollo Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, New York 10007 August 13, 2020 VIA ECF The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Chislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Judge Nathan: The Government respectfully submits this letter in opposition to the defendant's letter of August 10, 2020 (the "Defense Letter" or "Def. Ltr."), requesting that the Court order the Government to disclose the names of certain Government witnesses 1I months p
