# EFTA02244020

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: From: Sent 11:01:51 AM Subject Re: Hasty Pudding Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala Good morain Emily...Jeffity would like to donate the table to Andrew! Thanks, On Apr 2, 2018, at 4:42 PM, Emily George < wrote: I hope this note finds you well, Thank you for Mr. Epstein's support of the Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala for the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770 taking place on Monday, April 16th at the Pierre Hotel. Attached please find the elect

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent 
11:01:51 AM 
Subject Re: Hasty Pudding Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala 
Good morain Emily...Jeffity would like to donate the table to Andrew! 
Thanks, 
On Apr 2, 2018, at 4:42 PM, Emily George < 
wrote: 
I hope this note finds you well, Thank you for Mr. Epstein's support of the Order of the 
Golden Sphinx Gala for the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770 taking place on Monday, 
April 16th at the Pierre Hotel. Attached please find the electronic gala invite. 
Please confirm the following listing for the printed program: Anonymous 
Additionally, Mr. Epstein is entitled to table of 10. We do not use physical tickets, 
therefore we ask for all guest names ahead of time. Please note the deadline for guest 
names is Tuesday, April 101°. Please also include any special dietary requirements if 
needed. 
Many thanks! Emily 
Emily George 
Astic Productions 
850 Seventh Avenue, PH-B 
New York, NY 10019 
Ph 
<OGS 2018 Save the Date (1).pdf> 
EFTA_R1_01018326 
EFTA02244020

