# EFTA02704806

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york, settlement

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew S"|
|To|=/b>"Richard Kahn (|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>ESRX New Issue =orp Offering|

---

**[WORD]:** ed attachment 00040.htm 5 year = 1.24 + 240 basis points = 3.64% estimated =ield 10 year = 1.76 + 295 basis points = 4.71% =stimated yield please advise thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" Subject: =/b>ESRX New Issue =orp Offering Date: February 22, 2016 at 11:15:19 AM EST To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( Hi Rich, ESRX Corporate Issue =ricing today that I wanted to show Southern Trust Company. Issuer/Ticker Express =cripts Holding Co ( ESRX EFTA_R1_02092873 EFTA02704806 Issue Rat

**[WORD]:** fter the completion or =ermination of the Tender Offer and (iii) for general corporate purposes =see RED). Settlement 7+3 (Feb 25, 2016) Denominations 2,000 x 1,000 Timing Today's Business 3 EFTA_R1_02092875 EFTA02704808 Early price talk and subject is Syr +240, 10yr =295 Thanks again, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas First Vice President Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Financial Advisor Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor New York, =Y 10104 Tel/Direct: NMLS ID # =326736 Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Monday, February 22, 2016 5:37 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: ESRX New Issue Corp Offering 
Attachments: 
p_DX63W.pdf; Untitled attachment 00040.htm 
5 year = 1.24 + 240 basis points = 3.64% estimated =ield 
10 year = 1.76 + 295 basis points = 4.71% =stimated yield 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" 
Subject: =/b>ESRX New Issue =orp Offering 
Date: February 22, 2016 at 11:15:19 AM EST 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( 
Hi Rich, 
ESRX Corporate Issue =ricing today that I wanted to show Southern Trust Company. 
Issuer/Ticker 
Express =cripts Holding Co ( ESRX 
EFTA_R1_02092873 
EFTA02704806

Issue Ratings 
Moody's: =aa2/Stable/Expected 
S&P: =BB+/Stable/Expected 
Fitch: =BB/Stable/Expected 
Format SEC =egistered 
Ranking 
= 
Sr Unsecured Note 
Total =ize 
&nbs=; Benchmark 
Tenor 
5 Year 
10 Year 
Coupon Type 
Fixed 
Fixed 
Tranche Currency 
USD 
USD 
Optional Redemption 
- Make Whole Call 
- Par Call: 30 day(s) prior to maturity 
- Change of Control: price =01 
- Make Whole Call 
2 
EFTA_R1_02092874 
EFTA02704807

• Par Call: 90 day(s) prior =0 maturity 
- Change of =ontrol: price 101 
Billing & Delivering 
CS 
CITI 
Use of Proceeds 
(i) Fund the purchase price and =ccrued and unpaid interest for all of the Tender Notes validly tendered =nd accepted 
for payment in the Tender Offer, (ii) fund the redemption =rice and accrued and unpaid interest for any of the Any and 
All Tender Notes that remain outstanding after the completion or =ermination of the Tender Offer and (iii) for general 
corporate purposes =see RED). 
Settlement 
7+3 (Feb 25, 2016) 
Denominations 
2,000 x 1,000 
Timing 
Today's Business 
3 
EFTA_R1_02092875 
EFTA02704808

Early price talk and subject is Syr +240, 10yr =295 
Thanks again, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
First Vice President 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Financial Advisor 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor New York, =Y 10104 
Tel/Direct: 
NMLS ID # =326736 
Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any =ecurity or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this =-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
=eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, =o the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is subject to terms 
available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If you cannot access 
this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley 
you consent to =he foregoing. 
4 
EFTA_R1_02092876 
EFTA02704809

5 
EFTA_R1_02092877 
EFTA02704810

