# EFTA00023532 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 17

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> New York The Silvio J. Motto Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York. New York 10007 July 1, 2021 VIA ECF The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Judge Nathan: The Government respectfully submits this letter to bring to the Court's attention an opinion piece (the "Op-Ed") published yesterday in the New York Daily News, which was authored by David Markus, Esq., who represents the defendant in connection with this ca

### Match 2
> rkus's comments to the media—most egregiously, the Op-Ed—were clearly in violation of Local Rule 23.1. Not only did his statements directly comment on the merits of this case, but they did so in a manner designed to appeal directly to the pool of potential jurors 2 See Ben Feuerherd, Feds Detail Ghislaine Maxwell's 'Enhanced Security Schedule' In Prison, N.Y. Post (May 5, 2021), https://nypost.comi2021/05/05/ghislaine-mtucwell-on-enhanced-security-schedule-lockup-feds/ (quoting Mr. Markus); David Oscar Markus, Ghislaine Maxwell Should Be Released: She Should Await Her Trial Outside Confinement, N.Y. Dail

### Match 3
> eal directly to the pool of potential jurors 2 See Ben Feuerherd, Feds Detail Ghislaine Maxwell's 'Enhanced Security Schedule' In Prison, N.Y. Post (May 5, 2021), https://nypost.comi2021/05/05/ghislaine-mtucwell-on-enhanced-security-schedule-lockup-feds/ (quoting Mr. Markus); David Oscar Markus, Ghislaine Maxwell Should Be Released: She Should Await Her Trial Outside Confinement, N.Y. Daily News (Feb. 24, 2021), https:thvww.nydailynews.corn/opinioniny-oped-ghislaine-maxwell- should-be-released-20210224-xocbriloc25exfibqbaf6fp76he-story.html (Op-Ed authored by Mr. Markus). 3 See David Oscar Markus, Bill Co

### Match 4
> leased: She Should Await Her Trial Outside Confinement, N.Y. Daily News (Feb. 24, 2021), https:thvww.nydailynews.corn/opinioniny-oped-ghislaine-maxwell- should-be-released-20210224-xocbriloc25exfibqbaf6fp76he-story.html (Op-Ed authored by Mr. Markus). 3 See David Oscar Markus, Bill Cosby is Free; Ghislaine Maxwell Should Be, Too, N.Y. Daily News (June 30, 2021), http://www.nydailynews.corn/opinioniny-oped-cosby-maxwell-free-20210630-gqIcsn6yczaivp5h7g7x731fzu- story.html (Op-Ed authored by Mr. Markus). 4 See Louis Casiano, Bill Cosby Ruling Should be Used to Free Ghislaine Maxwell, Her Lawyer says, Fox New

### Match 5
> rkus, Bill Cosby is Free; Ghislaine Maxwell Should Be, Too, N.Y. Daily News (June 30, 2021), http://www.nydailynews.corn/opinioniny-oped-cosby-maxwell-free-20210630-gqIcsn6yczaivp5h7g7x731fzu- story.html (Op-Ed authored by Mr. Markus). 4 See Louis Casiano, Bill Cosby Ruling Should be Used to Free Ghislaine Maxwell, Her Lawyer says, Fox News (July 1, 2021), https://www.foxnews.com/us/bilbcosby-free-ghislaine-rnaxwell; Daniel Villarreal, Bill Cosby Ruling Shows Why Ghislaine Maxwell Should Be Freed, Her Lawyer Says, Newsweek (June 30, 2021), https://www.newsweek.com/bill-cosby-ruling-shows-why-gh

### Match 6
> New York The Silvio J. Motto Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York. New York 10007 July 1, 2021 VIA ECF The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Judge Nathan: The Government respectfully submits this letter to bring to the Court's attention an opinion piece (the "Op-Ed") published yesterday in the New York Daily News, which was authored by David Markus, Esq., who represents the defendant in connection with

### Match 7
> ing indictment. The Court informed Mr. Markus that he would need to file a notice of appearance before making such an application to the Court. Mr. Markus did not file a notice of appearance, but he attended the arraignment and spoke to members of the media thereafter.' I See Stephen Rex Brown, Ghislaine Marvell Makes First Court Appearance, N.Y. Daily News (Apr. 23, 2021), http :Thinvw.nyda ilynews.corn/new-york/ny-ghisla ine-maxwell-arra ignment-20210423- b3aza5eh7bddna7r247px2yb7e-story.html (quoting Mr. Markus, speaking outside the courthouse following the defendant's arraignment and identify

### Match 8
> rkus's comments to the media—most egregiously, the Op-Ed—were clearly in violation of Local Rule 23.1. Not only did his statements directly comment on the merits of this case, but they did so in a manner designed to appeal directly to the pool of potential jurors 2 See Ben Feuerherd, Feds Detail Ghislaine Maxwell's 'Enhanced Security Schedule' In Prison, N.Y. Post (May 5, 2021), https://nypost.comi2021/05/05/ghislaine-mtucwell-on-enhanced-security-schedule-lockup-feds/ (quoting Mr. Markus); David Oscar Markus, Ghislaine Maxwell Should Be Released: She Should Await Her Trial Outside Confinement, N

### Match 9
> his statements directly comment on the merits of this case, but they did so in a manner designed to appeal directly to the pool of potential jurors 2 See Ben Feuerherd, Feds Detail Ghislaine Maxwell's 'Enhanced Security Schedule' In Prison, N.Y. Post (May 5, 2021), https://nypost.comi2021/05/05/ghislaine-mtucwell-on-enhanced-security-schedule-lockup-feds/ (quoting Mr. Markus); David Oscar Markus, Ghislaine Maxwell Should Be Released: She Should Await Her Trial Outside Confinement, N.Y. Daily News (Feb. 24, 2021), https:thvww.nydailynews.corn/opinioniny-oped-ghislaine-maxwell- should-be-released-2

### Match 10
> eal directly to the pool of potential jurors 2 See Ben Feuerherd, Feds Detail Ghislaine Maxwell's 'Enhanced Security Schedule' In Prison, N.Y. Post (May 5, 2021), https://nypost.comi2021/05/05/ghislaine-mtucwell-on-enhanced-security-schedule-lockup-feds/ (quoting Mr. Markus); David Oscar Markus, Ghislaine Maxwell Should Be Released: She Should Await Her Trial Outside Confinement, N.Y. Daily News (Feb. 24, 2021), https:thvww.nydailynews.corn/opinioniny-oped-ghislaine-maxwell- should-be-released-20210224-xocbriloc25exfibqbaf6fp76he-story.html (Op-Ed authored by Mr. Markus). 3 See David Oscar Markus,
