# EFTA00008631 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet6
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 194

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> 2 3 4 5x 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 UNITED STATES GRAND JURY SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA • • -V- : November 19, 2019 Additional GHISLAINE MAXWELL (2018R01618) APPEARANCE S: -x United States Courthouse 300 Quaroppas Street White Plains, New York June 29, 2020 10:04 a.m. Assistant United States Attorney Assistant United States Attorney Acting Grand Jury Reporter FREE STATE REPORTING, INC. Court Reporting Transcription D.C. Area

### Match 2
> . Let me just pause here. Can everyone hear the witness? GRAND JUROR. Yes. MS. Okay. Thank you. And Special Agent if you could just try to keep your voice up, I really appreciate it. It's a little difficult under the circumstances. BY MS. Q. Have you participated in an investigation of Ghislaine Maxwell? A. Yes, I have. Q. Have you spoken to other people, including other law enforcement officers, about this investigation? A. Yes. 4• Have you reviewed reports and documents prepared by others regarding this case? A. Yes. Q. Is your testimony today based in part on those conversations

### Match 3
> 8635 06/29/20 6 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 connection with your testimony today? A. Yes, I did. Q. If you could please turn to the first slide. Who are the individuals depicted in these photographs? A. The picture on the left is Ghislaine Maxwell, and the picture on the right is Jeffrey Epstein with Ghislaine Maxwell. Q. Based on your participation in this investigation and your review of public source materials, have Maxwell and Epstein been photographed together many times over years? A. Yes. Q. Based on your participation in t

### Match 4
> 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 connection with your testimony today? A. Yes, I did. Q. If you could please turn to the first slide. Who are the individuals depicted in these photographs? A. The picture on the left is Ghislaine Maxwell, and the picture on the right is Jeffrey Epstein with Ghislaine Maxwell. Q. Based on your participation in this investigation and your review of public source materials, have Maxwell and Epstein been photographed together many times over years? A. Yes. Q. Based on your participation in this investigation and your review of public materials, where is Maxwell f

### Match 5
> GLSDNY_000001 39 EFTA00008639 06/29/20 1D A. Yes. 2 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 Q. Did begin working for Epstein in the early 3 1990's? A. Yes, he did. Q. And at the time came to work for Epstein in Palm Beach, was Epstein dating Ghislaine Maxwell at that point? A. Not at that time. 4. Was it a few years before Epstein began dating Maxwell after started working there? A. Yes. Q. From what told you, how did work change once Maxwell arrived on the scene? A. described Epstein as being more pleasant to work with prior to Maxwell

### Match 6
> stified earlier that her birthday is in , so did she turn 14 in of 1994? A. Yes. Q. What did she do that summer? A. She attended an arts camp at Interlochen Certer for the Arts. Q. And is Interlochen Summer Arts Program located in. Michigan? A. Yes. Q. Did meet Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell that summer? A. Yes, she did. Q. Did she meet them at summer camp? A. Yes. Q. What did she tell you about that? A. She said that she was sitting at a picnic table with friends when Epstein and Maxwell walked by. They stopped to talk to her, engaged her in conversation, asked her if she

### Match 7
> the initials G.M.? A. Yes, they do. FREE STATE REPORTING, INC. Court Reporting Transcription D.C. Area 301-261-1902 Balt. & Annap. 410-974-0947 GM_GLSDNY_00000146 EFTA00008646 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 06/29/20 i Q. Are those Ghislaine Maxwell's initials? A. Yes. Q. Have you obtained any records from Interlochen to indicate that Maxwell was at Interlochen in 1994? A. Yes. 4. If we could turn to the next slide. Can you please explain for the grand jury what we're looking at on this slide? A. This was a letter from Interlochen

### Match 8
> during this time? A. Yes. Q. Did he remember telling him when they were in high school about at least one trip to New York City that she took with Epstein? A. Yes. Q. Did he remember describing Epstein's townhouse in Manhattan? A. Yes. Q. And does he remember talking often about Ghislaine Maxwell? A. Yes. Q. Now, based on your interviews with did he FREE STATE REPORTING, INC. Court Reporting Transcription D.C. Area 301-261-1902 Balt. & Annap. 410-974-0947 GM_GLSDNY_000001 74 EFTA00008674 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 06/2

### Match 9
> LSDNY_000001 74 EFTA00008674 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 06/29/20 45 tell you whether he knew back then when they were in high school whether was being sexually abused by Epstein? A. He didn't know back then. Q. Did III ever meet Ghislaine Maxwell? A. Yes, he did. Q. What did he remember about that? A. He remembered Epstein, Maxwell, and being near a movie theatre and he was approximately 16 at the time and would've been 15, and just the little bit of interaction they had. And then after that, had told him that Maxwell had said

### Match 10
> p that there would be other students. Was she under the impression that there would be other young students like her on the trip who were also being mentored by Epstein? A. Yes. Q. Now, you testified just a moment ago that she was also told that Maxwell would be there. Are you referring to Ghislaine Maxwell? A. Yes. Q. At the point that she was told that Ghislaine Maxwell would be on this trip, had she ever met Ghislaine Maxwell? A. No, she hadn't. Q• Had she heard her sister talk about Ghislaine Maxwell? A. Yes. Q. How did -- from what she described to you, how did her expectation tha
