# EFTA00038565 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 12

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursda A ril 08, 2021 6:04 PM
- **Subject:** RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: (NY) (FBI)" c IME> To: (NY) (FBI)" <Ma Cc: (NY) (FBI)" Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case Date: Fri, 09 Apr 2021 12:05:57 +0000 Importance: Normal Hi =I I am not sure about everyone else's availability today, but I know SA (cc'd on this email) and I are both doing a PSI today from 9:30am - 12:30pm and are available for a call anytime outside of that window. We are both doing

### Match 2
> now when works best for you and everyone else to get on a call. Thanks! Special Agent Federal Bureau of Investigation Desk: Original Messa e From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Thursda A ril 08, 2021 6:04 PM To: (NY BI NY) (FBI) FBI (FBI Cc: (NY) (FBI) Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case (NY) (FBI FBI Hey all, (NY) (FBI) Y FBI) FBI (NY) I thought it might be easier if we were able to get on a quick call to talk a little logistics next week and answer any questions you have. I'm sure everyone is busy but if at least someone who is helping each day does not mind jumping

### Match 3
> tomorrow works for you. Thanks! Original Messa e From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Thursda , April 8, 2021 5:08 PM To: (NY) (FBI) cza. EFTA00038565 Cc: (FBI (NY FBI • (NY)c al " ) (FBI) FBI) FBI • FBI • (NY) (FBI (NY) • (NY) (FBI) ; (NY) (FBI) Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case Thanks Hello everyone, Thank you so much for helping out next week. I don't anticipate we will need four agents for Tuesday and Thursday so if anyone has something else pressing feel free to bow out. I'll be sending you all another email shortly and cc'ing AUSA who will be present at 500

### Match 4
> ur agents for Tuesday and Thursday so if anyone has something else pressing feel free to bow out. I'll be sending you all another email shortly and cc'ing AUSA who will be present at 500 Pearl all three days. She will meet you at 500 Pearl on the designated date at around 9am or shortly before. Maxwell and her team will be arriving at 9:30am. The evidence unit is transporting all evidence to 500 Pearl and that has already been coordinated. Please make sure to have a handcuff key on you. The review of evidence each day will last until 4:30pm. The evidence unit will transport evidence back so no

### Match 5
> ting with this. This is a huge help. Special Agent- FBI New York Field Office Child Ex loitation/Human Trafficking Desk: C: Original Messa e From: (NY) (FBI) ca Sent: Thursda Aril 8, 2021 12:36 PM To: (NY) (FBI Cc: (NY) (FBI (FBI) (NY) (FBI) Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case Hi Below is an updated list of agents who are able to assist. All are cc'd on this email. 4/13 SAME. SA (NY) EFTA00038566 SA~ SA 4/14 SA Mi n 4/15 SAO . SA SA SA From: (NY) (FBI) Ori coal Messa e Sent: Thursday, April 08, 2021 10:41 AM To: NY-NADP Cc: . (NY) (FBI) Subject:

### Match 6
> ed list of agents who are able to assist. All are cc'd on this email. 4/13 SAME. SA (NY) EFTA00038566 SA~ SA 4/14 SA Mi n 4/15 SAO . SA SA SA From: (NY) (FBI) Ori coal Messa e Sent: Thursday, April 08, 2021 10:41 AM To: NY-NADP Cc: . (NY) (FBI) Subject: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case All, Squad C-20 advised that if you are able to assist on just one of the days that would also work. Any assistance is greatly appreciated. Please let me know if you are able to assist on 4/13, 4/14 or 4/15 Squad C-20 is requesting two or three agents to assist with Maxwell and her defens

### Match 7
> to assist with Maxwell case All, Squad C-20 advised that if you are able to assist on just one of the days that would also work. Any assistance is greatly appreciated. Please let me know if you are able to assist on 4/13, 4/14 or 4/15 Squad C-20 is requesting two or three agents to assist with Maxwell and her defense team reviewing evidence at 500 Pearl Street from Tuesday April 13 throw Thursday April 15. This will be from 9:00am and continue for the entire day for all three days. AUS will be present as well for the review. Please see below for additional info. • Maxwell and her defense t

### Match 8
> ts to assist with Maxwell and her defense team reviewing evidence at 500 Pearl Street from Tuesday April 13 throw Thursday April 15. This will be from 9:00am and continue for the entire day for all three days. AUS will be present as well for the review. Please see below for additional info. • Maxwell and her defense team will all be present in the proffer room area on the 5th floor of the 500 Pearl Street courthouse for the primary review. This review will begin on April 13, 2021 and will continue every day thereafter until the review is complete. The logistics for this review are as follows:

### Match 9
> be present in the proffer room area on the 5th floor of the 500 Pearl Street courthouse for the primary review. This review will begin on April 13, 2021 and will continue every day thereafter until the review is complete. The logistics for this review are as follows: o The Marshals will produce Maxwell to 500 Pearl Street each morning by approximately 9:30am. Defense counsel are expected to arrive each morning at approximately 9:30am. We will need at least one FBI agent with a handcuff key who is responsible for pulling Maxwell from the Marshal cellblock and monitoring her (the same way an age

### Match 10
> istics for this review are as follows: o The Marshals will produce Maxwell to 500 Pearl Street each morning by approximately 9:30am. Defense counsel are expected to arrive each morning at approximately 9:30am. We will need at least one FBI agent with a handcuff key who is responsible for pulling Maxwell from the Marshal cellblock and monitoring her (the same way an agent would monitor any proffering inmate at 500 Pearl) throughout the day. Please note that an agent will to escort Maxwell to the bathroom during the day as well. o AUSA has reserved three proffer rooms for this review: The large
