# EFTA02561094

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, October 6, 2012 6:59 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Ok Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Oct 6, 2012, at 2:36 PM, "Eva Dubin " <evadubin@hotmail.com> wrote: > Plastic surgeon I assume??? X ray does not help. CT scan in that case or j=st watch carefully for symptoms. > Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry > Ori

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, October 6, 2012 6:59 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Ok Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Oct 6, 2012, at 2:36 PM, "Eva Dubin " <evadubin@hotmail.com> wrote: > Plastic surgeon I assume??? X ray does not help. CT scan in that case or j=st watch carefully for symptoms. > Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry > Original Message > From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> > Date: Sat, 6 Oct 2012 18:15:48 > To: <

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, October 6, 2012 6:59 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
Ok 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 6, 2012, at 2:36 PM, "Eva Dubin " <evadubin@hotmail.com> wrote: 
> Plastic surgeon I assume??? X ray does not help. CT scan in that case or j=st watch carefully for symptoms. 
> Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
> Date: Sat, 6 Oct 2012 18:15:48 
> To: <evadubin@hotmail.com> 
> Subject: 
> I am flying to ny will land at 630.. 
fell off the atv and needs sti=ches in her forehead and an x-ray to insure no 
concussion.. can you organi=e thanks will call later or try my cell. 
> --
> ****** **•.* ***** **min* ********* * ******** *4. *** ***** * ****** 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and 
> is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
> unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please 
> notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
> jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gm=ilcom> , and destroy 
> this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
> copyright -all rights reserved 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>230531</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1349549991</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
EFTA_R1_01722416 
EFTA02561094

<string>2503504string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01722417 
EFTA02561095

