# EFTA02644273

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Kathy Ruemmler|
|To|"jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.cam»|
|Sent||
|Subject|=e:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, July 18, 2017 5:07 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Fwd: Forwarded messag= From: Kathy Ruemmler Date: Tue, Jul 18, 2017 at 9:47 AM Subject: =e: To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.cam» <=iv>That's a Sunday. Maybe the 31st? On Jul 18, 201=, at 5:59 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevaca

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, July 18, 2017 5:07 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
 
Forwarded messag= 
From: Kathy Ruemmler 
Date: Tue, Jul 18, 2017 at 9:47 AM 
Subject: =e: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.cam» 
<=iv>That's a Sunday. Maybe the 31st? 
On Jul 18, 201=, at 5:59 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
wow ok mamogram on the 30? =C240 :) 
On Mon, Jul 17, 2017 at 9:52 PM, Kathy Ruemmler <kathyruemmler@gma=l.com> wrote: 
Charlotte Wednesday, Raleigh Thursday, DC Friday, Zurich Saturda= - Monday, SF Tuesday and 
Wednesday, DC next Thursday. Back to=NY Saturday, July 29. 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jul =7, 2017, at 9:32 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.co=» 
wrote: 
Then) 
On Mon, Jul 17, 2017 at 8:49 PM Kathy Ruemmler < 
> wrote: 
Home in DC now until Wed. 
On Jul 17, 2017, at 5:27 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>= wrote: 
are you coming ba=k to dc at all 
EFTA_R1_01879917 
EFTA02644273

1>=A0 please note 
The information contained in this communication is<=r>confidential, may be attorney-
client privileged, may 
constitute insid= information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is =he property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thiscommunication or any part thereof is 
strictly prohibited 
and may be un=awful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify =s immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevac=tion@gmail.com> , 
and 
destro= this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. =opyright -all rights reserved 
<=div> 
=C24, 
please note 
The information containe= in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the u=e of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disc=osure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly =rohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communicati=n in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail =o jeevacation@g=ail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
=lease note 
The information contained in this communication is 
c=nfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside in=ormation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the =roperty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
co=munication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
2 
EFTA_R1_01879918 
EFTA02644274

and may be unlawf=l. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us i=mediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacatio=@gmail.com> , and 
destroy th=s communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copy=ight -all rights reserved 
=C24, 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only =or 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthoriz=d use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
return e-mail o= by e-mail to j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies =hereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
--001a114d5aeeab234f05549a8adb-- conversation-id 38136 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1500397611 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 731733 
3 
EFTA_R1_01879919 
EFTA02644275

