# EFTA00027268 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 66

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> York The Silvio J. Mollo Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, New York 10007 November 23, 2020 BY ECF The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Judge Nathan: The Government respectfully submits this letter to provide an update regarding the defendant's conditions of confinement at the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC") pursuant to the Court's Order dated August 25, 2020. (Dkt. No. 49). Over the past three mont

### Match 2
> ew York The Silvio J. Mono Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York. New York 10007 December 1, 2020 BY ECF The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Judge Nathan: The parties jointly submit this letter in response to the Court's November 24, 2020 order directing the parties to meet and confer regarding the defendant's request that the warden of the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC") report directly to the Court and

### Match 3
> 2 U.S. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE Federal Bureau of Prisons Metropolitan Detention Center 80 291: &reel Brooklyn. New York 11232 December 4, 2020 The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Ghislaine Maxwell, Reg. No. 07939 Dear Judge Nathan: USDC SDNY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 12/7/20 This letter is written in response to your order dated December 2, 2020, concerning Ghislaine Maxwell, Reg. 02879-509., an inmate currently confined at

### Match 4
> l Bureau of Prisons Metropolitan Detention Center 80 291: &reel Brooklyn. New York 11232 December 4, 2020 The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Ghislaine Maxwell, Reg. No. 07939 Dear Judge Nathan: USDC SDNY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 12/7/20 This letter is written in response to your order dated December 2, 2020, concerning Ghislaine Maxwell, Reg. 02879-509., an inmate currently confined at the Metropolitan Detention center in

### Match 5
> MDC Brooklyn Federal Bureau of Prisons /sir John Irallea John Wallace Staff Attorney MDC Brooklyn Federal Bureau of Prisons EFTA00027273 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 92 Filed 12/08/20 Page 1 of 2 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 12/8/20 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On December 4, 2020, the Court received a letter from MDC legal counsel responding to the concerns that the Defendant raised in her November 24, 2020 lett

### Match 6
> racligcohengresscr.com BY ECF The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 1/15/'21 January 14, 2021 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Judge Nathan: We write on behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, to respectfully request that the Court order the Bureau of Prisons to give Ms. Maxwell access to the laptop computer provided by the government so that she can review discovery on weekends and holidays. A

### Match 7
> t Southern District of New York United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 1/15/'21 January 14, 2021 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Judge Nathan: We write on behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, to respectfully request that the Court order the Bureau of Prisons to give Ms. Maxwell access to the laptop computer provided by the government so that she can review discovery on weekends and holidays. At the request of defense counsel, the government provided Ms. Maxwell with a laptop comput

### Match 8
> u of Prisons Metropolitan Detention Center BY ECF The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 80 29h Street Brooklyn, New York 11232 A1;21 ALISON J. NATHAN United States District Judge Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Ghislaine Maxwell, Reg. No. 02579-509 Dear Judge Nathan: USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC DATE FILED: 2/2/21 Having considered the request submitted by the Bureau of Prisons ("BOP") that the Court vacate its January 15, 2021 Order, Dkt. No. 117, as well as

### Match 9
> Center BY ECF The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 80 29h Street Brooklyn, New York 11232 A1;21 ALISON J. NATHAN United States District Judge Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Ghislaine Maxwell, Reg. No. 02579-509 Dear Judge Nathan: USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC DATE FILED: 2/2/21 Having considered the request submitted by the Bureau of Prisons ("BOP") that the Court vacate its January 15, 2021 Order, Dkt. No. 117, as well as the Government's and the Defendant's

### Match 10
> w York The Silvio J. Mollo Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, New York 10007 February 1, 2021 BY ECF The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Judge Nathan: The Government respectfully submits this letter in response to the Court's January 25, 2021 order allowing the parties to respond to a letter from legal counsel at the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC") also dated January 25, 2021. (Dkt. No. 117). In part
