# EFTA02549180

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Calcano, Luciana|
|To|Kaw, Kristine|
|Sent|<=b> =uesday, December 12, 2017 1:38 PM|
|Subject|Nucelar Appointment<=div>|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, December 13, 2017 12:38 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Fwd: Nuclear Appointment thanks for you help Forwarded message From: <lesley.jee@gmail.com <mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.=om» Date: Tue, Dec 12, 2017 at 2:29=PM Subject: Fwd: Nuclear Appointment To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Appointment is confirmed for 10am tomo=row!

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, December 13, 2017 12:38 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Fwd: Nuclear Appointment 
thanks for you help 
 
Forwarded message 
From: <lesley.jee@gmail.com <mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.=om» 
Date: Tue, Dec 12, 2017 at 2:29=PM 
Subject: Fwd: Nuclear Appointment 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Appointment is confirmed for 10am tomo=row! See below: 
Begin for=arded message: 
From: &q=ot;Kaw, Kristine" <kristine.kaw@mountsinai.org <mailto:kristine.kaw@mountsinai.org» 
Subject: FW: Nucl=ar Appointment 
December 12, 2017 at 2:26:09 PM EST 
</=iv> 
To: "a href="mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.com" target="_blank">lesley.jee@gmail.c=m" <=esley.jee@gmail.com 
<mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.com» 
Pleas= let me know if you have any questions 
KK 
From: Calcano, Luciana 
Sent:<=b> =uesday, December 12, 2017 1:38 PM 
To: Kaw, Kristine 
Cc: Peltz,=Erica; Zolty, Ian 
Subject: Nucelar Appointment<=div> 
Good Afterno=n all, 
=e received a request for an appointment for Mr. Jeffrey Epstein(mrn7206913=. Patient has been scheduled to 
come in tomorrow 12/13 @ 10am. Please note=the duration of the procedure is 5-6 hours long. No prep for the test is 
r=quired. 
EFTA_R1_01704323 
EFTA02549180

=atient will be reporting to 1190 Fifth Ave 
chttps://maps.google.comilq=1190+F=fth+Ave&entry=gmail&sourcerg> (Between 100<=up>th41=A0and 101st street) 
MC Level Rm 175. 
Any questions please feel free to=contact me at 212-241-6611 <tel:(212)%20241-6611> . 
<=> 
Office: (212) 241-6611 <tel:(212)%20241-6611> 
Fax: (212) 289-2976 <tel:(212)%20289-297=> 
=div style="margin:0in 0in 0.0001ptIont-size:11ptfont-family:Calibri,sa=s-serif">Do not rely on emails for 
urgent or emergency needs.,=A0 Please contact (212)241-6611 <tel:(212)%20241-6611> or (212)241-6969 
<tel:(212)%20241-6969> for further assista=ce. 
=1span> 
Confidentiality Note: This message =s intended for use only by the individual or entity to which it is address=d 
and may contain information that is privileged, confidential, and exempt=from disclosure under applicable law. If the 
reader of this message =s not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for deli=ering the message to 
the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that =ny dissemination, distribution or copying of this communication is 
strictl= prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, =please contact the sender immediately and 
destroy the material in its enti=ety, whether electronic or hard copy. Thank you. 
<=div> 
please note 
The in=ormation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorn=y-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended=only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-=ail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all c=pies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved=br> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01704324 
EFTA02549181

