# EFTA02538338

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, dinner

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff <lesley.jee@gmail.com <mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.=om»|
|To|</aLarry Summers<L=summers@aol.com <mailto:Lhsummers@aol.com»|
|Sent||
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[FULL]:** ireless Bl=ckBerry From: Lesley Groff <lesley.jee@gmail.com <mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.=om» Date: Sat, 30 Apr 2011 09:38:48 -0400 To: </aLarry Summers<L=summers@aol.com <mailto:Lhsummers@aol.com» Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Good morning Larry. Jeffrey wanted me to let you know tha= on Monday night, Bill Gates will have already eaten dinner prior to his a=rival...therefore, Jeffrey will only be serving tea cakes, dessert, coffee= etc type items! He wants to make sure you do not come too hungry and e=pecting dinner. Thank you for understanding. Have a great weekend. Lesley Assistant to Jeffrey Epste

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, April 30, 2011 3:34 PM 
To: 
lesleyjee@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
yes its on 
On Sat, Apr 30, 2011 at 11:26 =M, <lesley.j=e@gmail.com <mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.com> wrote: 
I can assure him this is going to happen, correct? 
Sent via BlackBerry b= AT&T 
From: Ihsummers@aol.com <mailto:Ihsummers@aol.com> 
Date: Sat, 30 Apr 2011 14:50:37 +0000 
To: </=>Lesley Groff«mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.com» 
ReplyTo: Ihsummers@aol.com <mailto:=hsummers@aol.com> 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Fine. =ls make sure w jeffrey this is going to happen because I am pretzelling sc=ed big time to be there. Lookimg 
fwd. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless Bl=ckBerry 
From: Lesley Groff <lesley.jee@gmail.com <mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.=om» 
Date: Sat, 30 Apr 2011 09:38:48 -0400 
To: </aLarry Summers<L=summers@aol.com <mailto:Lhsummers@aol.com» 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Good morning Larry. Jeffrey wanted me to let you know tha= on Monday night, Bill Gates will have already 
eaten dinner prior to his a=rival...therefore, Jeffrey will only be serving tea cakes, dessert, coffee= etc type items! He 
wants to make sure you do not come too hungry and e=pecting dinner. 
Thank you for understanding. 
Have a great weekend. 
Lesley 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
212 750 9895 <tel:212%20750%209895> 
EFTA_R1_01685897 
EFTA02538338

The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01685898 
EFTA02538339

