# EFTA00022090 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, April 16, 2021 6:10 PM
- **Subject:** Opinion on Maxwell Motions

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From• To: Subject: FW: Opinion on Maxwell Motions Date: Mon, 26 Apr 2021 13:54:07 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell_Opinion_MTD.pdf Here's the Order in Maxwell. From: Sent: Friday, April 16, 2021 6:10 PM To: Subject: Opinion on Maxwell Motions Judge Nathan's opinion on the majority of Maxwell's pretrial motions is attached. She granted Ma

### Match 2
> From• To: Subject: FW: Opinion on Maxwell Motions Date: Mon, 26 Apr 2021 13:54:07 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell_Opinion_MTD.pdf Here's the Order in Maxwell. From: Sent: Friday, April 16, 2021 6:10 PM To: Subject: Opinion on Maxwell Motions Judge Nathan's opinion on the majority of Maxwell's pretrial motions is attached. She granted Maxwell's motion to sever the perjury counts but denied the remaining motions, except for the suppression motions w

### Match 3
> From• To: Subject: FW: Opinion on Maxwell Motions Date: Mon, 26 Apr 2021 13:54:07 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell_Opinion_MTD.pdf Here's the Order in Maxwell. From: Sent: Friday, April 16, 2021 6:10 PM To: Subject: Opinion on Maxwell Motions Judge Nathan's opinion on the majority of Maxwell's pretrial motions is attached. She granted Maxwell's motion to sever the perjury counts but denied the remaining motions, except for the suppression motions with respect to the Boies Schiller materials, which she did not address (they wi

### Match 4
> From• To: Subject: FW: Opinion on Maxwell Motions Date: Mon, 26 Apr 2021 13:54:07 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell_Opinion_MTD.pdf Here's the Order in Maxwell. From: Sent: Friday, April 16, 2021 6:10 PM To: Subject: Opinion on Maxwell Motions Judge Nathan's opinion on the majority of Maxwell's pretrial motions is attached. She granted Maxwell's motion to sever the perjury counts but denied the remaining motions, except for the suppression motions with respect to the Boies Schiller materials, which she did not address (they will be decided "in due course"). EFTA00022090

### Match 5
> ll Motions Date: Mon, 26 Apr 2021 13:54:07 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell_Opinion_MTD.pdf Here's the Order in Maxwell. From: Sent: Friday, April 16, 2021 6:10 PM To: Subject: Opinion on Maxwell Motions Judge Nathan's opinion on the majority of Maxwell's pretrial motions is attached. She granted Maxwell's motion to sever the perjury counts but denied the remaining motions, except for the suppression motions with respect to the Boies Schiller materials, which she did not address (they will be decided "in due course"). EFTA00022090
