# EFTA00009927 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 7

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> U.S. Department of Justice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Silvio J. Mollo Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, New York 10007 November 18, 2020 BY EMAIL & HAND Esq. Legal Counsel Federal Bureau of Prisons Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Counsel: Enclosed please find a laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509), an inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC"). Our Office is providing this laptop to Ms. Maxwell for the sole purpose of reviewing discovery materials in connection with the above

### Match 2
> ern District of New York The Silvio J. Mollo Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, New York 10007 November 18, 2020 BY EMAIL & HAND Esq. Legal Counsel Federal Bureau of Prisons Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Counsel: Enclosed please find a laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509), an inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC"). Our Office is providing this laptop to Ms. Maxwell for the sole purpose of reviewing discovery materials in connection with the above-captioned case. Information Technology staff at our Office have reviewed the laptop

### Match 3
> U.S. Department of Justice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Silvio J. Mollo Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, New York 10007 November 18, 2020 BY EMAIL & HAND Esq. Legal Counsel Federal Bureau of Prisons Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Counsel: Enclosed please find a laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509), an inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC"). Our Office is providing this laptop to Ms. Maxwell for the sole purpose of reviewing discovery materials in connection with t

### Match 4
> ern District of New York The Silvio J. Mollo Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, New York 10007 November 18, 2020 BY EMAIL & HAND Esq. Legal Counsel Federal Bureau of Prisons Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Counsel: Enclosed please find a laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509), an inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC"). Our Office is providing this laptop to Ms. Maxwell for the sole purpose of reviewing discovery materials in connection with the above-captioned case. Information Technology staff at our Office have reviewed the

### Match 5
> & HAND Esq. Legal Counsel Federal Bureau of Prisons Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Counsel: Enclosed please find a laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509), an inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC"). Our Office is providing this laptop to Ms. Maxwell for the sole purpose of reviewing discovery materials in connection with the above-captioned case. Information Technology staff at our Office have reviewed the laptop and confirmed that the laptop has been successfully modified to meet the specifications you have requested. In particular, we ha

### Match 6
> f which have been disabled. As a result, the laptop has no recording capabilities. • The laptop does not contain any programs for games. • Communication capabilities have been disabled. In particular, the laptop has no Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, or Ethernet connection capabilities. In order to permit Ms. Maxwell to make effective use of this laptop in reviewing her discovery, please permit her to use the accompanying charger to ensure that the laptop remains operational throughout her review periods. Please also permit Ms. Maxwell to review the contents of all discovery hard drives produced by our Offic

### Match 7
> i-Fi, Bluetooth, or Ethernet connection capabilities. In order to permit Ms. Maxwell to make effective use of this laptop in reviewing her discovery, please permit her to use the accompanying charger to ensure that the laptop remains operational throughout her review periods. Please also permit Ms. Maxwell to review the contents of all discovery hard drives produced by our Office to the MDC in connection with the above- referenced case on this laptop. Please do not hesitate to contact us with any questions or concerns. Thank you for your assistance in this matter. Very truly yours, AUDREY STRAUS
