# EFTA02572886

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, dinner

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** m/mail/images/cleardot=gif> Hi Jeffrey, Whenever you have a moment, p=ease let me know if dinner in New York on either September 20th=or 22nd. If you have an assistant, I would be happy to coordinate directly with him or her. Thank you! Lauren Lauren Jiloty Senior Executive Assistant to =ill Gates 1 EFTA_R1_01742675 EFTA02572886 The information =ontained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copyi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, August 12, 2013 7:08 PM 
To: 
Boris Nikolic; 
=td class=""> 
Lauren Jiloty 
> =span id=":12w" class="" title="Mon, Aug 
12, 2013 at 12:23 PM" alt==Mon, Aug 12, 2013 at 12:23 PM">12:23 PM (43 minutes ago) 
<https://mail.google.com/mail/images=cleardot.gif> 
<https://mail.google.com/mail/images/cleardo=.gif> 
to me 
<https://mail.google.com/mail/images/cleardot=gif> 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Whenever you have a moment, p=ease let me know if dinner in New York on either September 20th=or 22nd. If you 
have an assistant, I would be happy to coordinate directly with him or her. 
Thank you! 
Lauren 
Lauren Jiloty 
Senior Executive Assistant to =ill Gates 
1 
EFTA_R1_01742675 
EFTA02572886

The information =ontained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying=of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unla=ful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us=immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01742676 
EFTA02572887

