# EFTA00021170 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Elle K
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monday, July 6, 2020 12:41 PM
- **Subject:** Corruption and Ghislaine

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: FW: Corruption and Ghislaine Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 18:03:12 +0000 Attachments: EpsteinO'ConnellMaxwell.pdf; BILL_O'CONNELLChildRapeVictim.pdf I think this is a repeat? Pls handle. From: Elle K Sent: Monday, July 6, 2020 12:41 PM To: Subject: Corruption and Ghislaine Hi, My name is Lisa Kenney and I reside in NH. I h

### Match 2
> From: To: Subject: FW: Corruption and Ghislaine Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 18:03:12 +0000 Attachments: EpsteinO'ConnellMaxwell.pdf; BILL_O'CONNELLChildRapeVictim.pdf I think this is a repeat? Pls handle. From: Elle K Sent: Monday, July 6, 2020 12:41 PM To: Subject: Corruption and Ghislaine Hi, My name is Lisa Kenney and I reside in NH. I have been reporting a group of wealthy MA real estate developers, nightclub and restaurant owners, along with rogue police who cater to them, donate for them, and seemingly offer private police services to them. One of the MA troopers is the bro

### Match 3
> ces to them. One of the MA troopers is the brother of the nightclub owners and he's close to pedophile wealthy developer Wm. O'Connell. (arrested for statutory rape and cocaine trafficking) I have come across new information which leads me to believe the above group is tied to Epstein, and even Ghislaine, but definitely the million dollar homes where she lived and the LLC's connected to them. I have attached these documents on both a Google doc and PDF file for your viewing. I know this group, with the exception of the pedophile and nightclub owners, because I was married to one I divorced over

### Match 4
> g, O'Connell, and obvious money laundering. This pedophile's victim was killed in a fiery crash one week before his trial was to begin, so he got off those charges. But the similarities between both he and Epstein are astounding, and I'm sure they knew him. Google docs EFTA00021170 Epstein & Ghislaine Another wealthy predator who appears tied to Epstein and Ghislaine, Wm OConnell doc. See attached. Thank you, Lisa Kenney EFTA00021171

### Match 5
> m was killed in a fiery crash one week before his trial was to begin, so he got off those charges. But the similarities between both he and Epstein are astounding, and I'm sure they knew him. Google docs EFTA00021170 Epstein & Ghislaine Another wealthy predator who appears tied to Epstein and Ghislaine, Wm OConnell doc. See attached. Thank you, Lisa Kenney EFTA00021171
