# EFTA02656179

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: celina

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 2:14 PM To: Glenn Dubin no worry its only a car. he wasnt hurt. - In, told =C2 jordan driving very wild . donuts on the beach. =AO I guess he was insulted by the ratio of celina photos to his. =AO:) =C2 please note The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 15, 2017 2:14 PM 
To: 
Glenn Dubin 
no worry its only a car. he wasnt hurt. - In, told =C2 jordan driving very wild . donuts on the beach. =AO I guess he 
was insulted by the ratio of celina photos to his. =AO:) 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.comqa, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a113a93f65b6edd054ac58eaa-- conversation-id 50419 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1489587240 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 696095 
EFTA_R1_01901778 
EFTA02656179

