# EFTA02672763

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** BENEFIT CO-CHAIRS GABRIELLE AND LOUIS BACON MICHELE AND TIMOTHY BARAKETT DONYA AND SCOTT BOMMER EVA AND GLENN DUBIN LISE AND MICHAEL EVANS AMY AND JOHN GRIFFIN TANIA AND BRIAN HIGGINS EADDO AND PETER KIERNAN ALLISON AND HOWARD LUTNICK SUKEY AND MIKE NOVOGRATZ JOEL PASHCOW VERONIQUE AND BOB PITTMAN DRS. ELISA AND JEFFREY PORT PERRI PELTZ AND ERIC RUTTENBERG KATHLEEN O. TROPIN NINA AND GARY WEXLER BEN

**[WORD]:** IN BREAST CENTER THIRD ANNUAL BENEFIT MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 2O13 HONORING SONIA JONES RAMON E. PARSONS, MD, PHD HOST PERRI PELTZ SPECIAL MUSICAL PERFORMANCES ANGELA HUNTE CAROLINE JONES JONAS MYRIN MANDARIN ORIENTAL 7:00PM COCKTAILS 8:00PM DINNER AND ENTERTAINMENT FESTIVE ATTIRE Mount Dubin Breast Center Sinai of The Tisch Cancer Institute FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, CALL 212-2 4 5-6 570 DUBINBREASTCENTER o EVENTASSOCIATESINC.COM WWW.DUBINBREASTCENTER.ORG HARRY WINSTON EFTA_R1_01946783 EFTA02672763 RSVP / 7^ x DUBIN BREAST CENTER THIRD ANNUAL BENEFIT GALA MONDAY, DECEMBER 9,

**[WORD]:** E. PARSONS, MD, PHD MANDARIN ORIENTAL, NEW YORK CITY PLEASE ADD MY NAME TO THE BENEFIT COMMITTEE AND RESERVE THE FOLLOWING: O ONE PLACE TABLE AT 5100,000 Table for 10 at dinner with priority seating, special recognition during the evening, One Place listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual and Permanent Donor Walls and Diamond Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE MISSION TABLE AT $50,000 Table for 10 at dinner with premium seating, special recognition during the evening, One Mission listing in the printed program, listing on Du

**[WORD]:** COMMITTEE AND RESERVE THE FOLLOWING: O ONE PLACE TABLE AT 5100,000 Table for 10 at dinner with priority seating, special recognition during the evening, One Place listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual and Permanent Donor Walls and Diamond Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE MISSION TABLE AT $50,000 Table for 10 at dinner with premium seating, special recognition during the evening, One Mission listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Platinum Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Cen

**[WORD]:** in Breast Center Annual and Permanent Donor Walls and Diamond Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE MISSION TABLE AT $50,000 Table for 10 at dinner with premium seating, special recognition during the evening, One Mission listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Platinum Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE TEAM TABLE AT $25,000 Table for 10 at dinner with excellent seating, One Team listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Gold Circle benefit

**[WORD]:** its of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE MISSION TABLE AT $50,000 Table for 10 at dinner with premium seating, special recognition during the evening, One Mission listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Platinum Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE TEAM TABLE AT $25,000 Table for 10 at dinner with excellent seating, One Team listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Gold Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE PURPOSE TABLE AT $1

**[WORD]:** One Mission listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Platinum Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE TEAM TABLE AT $25,000 Table for 10 at dinner with excellent seating, One Team listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Gold Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE PURPOSE TABLE AT $10,000 (limited availability) Table for 10 at dinner, One Purpose listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Silver Circle ben

**[WORD]:** enter Annual Donor Wall and Platinum Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE TEAM TABLE AT $25,000 Table for 10 at dinner with excellent seating, One Team listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Gold Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE PURPOSE TABLE AT $10,000 (limited availability) Table for 10 at dinner, One Purpose listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Silver Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE ROOF INDIVI

**[WORD]:** , One Team listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Gold Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE PURPOSE TABLE AT $10,000 (limited availability) Table for 10 at dinner, One Purpose listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Silver Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE ROOF INDIVIDUAL TICKET(S) AT $2,500 Priority seating for dinner and One Roof listing in the printed program. O ONE INDIVIDUAL TICKET(S) AT $1,000 Seating for dinner and One listing i

**[WORD]:** r Annual Donor Wall and Gold Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE PURPOSE TABLE AT $10,000 (limited availability) Table for 10 at dinner, One Purpose listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Silver Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. O ONE ROOF INDIVIDUAL TICKET(S) AT $2,500 Priority seating for dinner and One Roof listing in the printed program. O ONE INDIVIDUAL TICKET(S) AT $1,000 Seating for dinner and One listing in the printed program. O I am unable to attend but wish to make a fully

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

BENEFIT CO-CHAIRS 
GABRIELLE AND LOUIS BACON 
MICHELE AND TIMOTHY BARAKETT 
DONYA AND SCOTT BOMMER 
EVA AND GLENN DUBIN 
LISE AND MICHAEL EVANS 
AMY AND JOHN GRIFFIN 
TANIA AND BRIAN HIGGINS 
EADDO AND PETER KIERNAN 
ALLISON AND HOWARD LUTNICK 
SUKEY AND MIKE NOVOGRATZ 
JOEL PASHCOW 
VERONIQUE AND BOB PITTMAN 
DRS. ELISA AND JEFFREY PORT 
PERRI PELTZ AND ERIC RUTTENBERG 
KATHLEEN O. TROPIN 
NINA AND GARY WEXLER 
BENEFIT COMMITTEE 
LISA AND JEFF BLAU 
KAREN AND TODD BUILIONE 
ANN COLLEY 
JULIE ANNE QUAY AND MATTHEW EDMONDS 
SHIRIN VON WULFFEN AND FREDERIC FEKKAI 
NATALIA NASTASKIN AND ROBERT GERSHON 
LINDA AND GLENN GREENBERG 
ALICE AND LORNE MICHAELS 
ORNELLA AND ROBERT MORROW 
THALIA AND TOMMY MOTTOLA 
DORE HAMMOND NORMILE AND JAMES NORMILE 
LILI AND THOMAS O'MALLEY 
TRISH AND MICHAEL PALIOTTA 
LISA AND JONATHAN PRUZAN 
BETH AND JASON ROSENTHAL 
CAROLYN AND CURTIS SCHENKER 
LESLEY AND DAVID SCHULHOF 
LYNN AND STEPHAN SOLOMON 
AND PRESENTING SPONSOR 
HARRY WINSTON 
INVITE YOU TO THE 
DUBIN BREAST CENTER 
THIRD ANNUAL BENEFIT 
MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 2O13 
HONORING 
SONIA JONES 
RAMON E. PARSONS, MD, PHD 
HOST 
PERRI PELTZ 
SPECIAL MUSICAL PERFORMANCES 
ANGELA HUNTE 
CAROLINE JONES 
JONAS MYRIN 
MANDARIN ORIENTAL 
7:00PM COCKTAILS 
8:00PM DINNER AND ENTERTAINMENT 
FESTIVE ATTIRE 
Mount Dubin Breast Center 
Sinai 
of The Tisch Cancer Institute 
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, 
CALL 212-2 4 5-6 570 
DUBINBREASTCENTER o EVENTASSOCIATESINC.COM 
WWW.DUBINBREASTCENTER.ORG 
HARRY WINSTON 
EFTA_R1_01946783 
EFTA02672763

RSVP / 7^ x 
DUBIN BREAST CENTER THIRD ANNUAL BENEFIT GALA 
MONDAY, DECEMBER 9, 2013 
HONORING SONIA JONES AND RAMON E. PARSONS, MD, PHD 
MANDARIN ORIENTAL, NEW YORK CITY 
PLEASE ADD MY NAME TO THE BENEFIT COMMITTEE AND RESERVE THE FOLLOWING: 
O 
ONE PLACE TABLE AT 5100,000 
Table for 10 at dinner with priority seating, special recognition during the evening, One Place listing in 
the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual and Permanent Donor Walls and Diamond Circle 
benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. 
O 
ONE MISSION TABLE AT $50,000 
Table for 10 at dinner with premium seating, special recognition during the evening, One Mission listing in 
the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Platinum Circle benefits of the 
Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. 
O ONE TEAM TABLE AT $25,000 
Table for 10 at dinner with excellent seating, One Team listing in the printed program, listing on 
Dubin Breast Center Annual Donor Wall and Gold Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. 
O 
ONE PURPOSE TABLE AT $10,000 (limited availability) 
Table for 10 at dinner, One Purpose listing in the printed program, listing on Dubin Breast Center Annual 
Donor Wall and Silver Circle benefits of the Dubin Breast Center Circle of Friends. 
O ONE ROOF INDIVIDUAL TICKET(S) AT $2,500 
Priority seating for dinner and One Roof listing in the printed program. 
O 
ONE INDIVIDUAL TICKET(S) AT $1,000 
Seating for dinner and One listing in the printed program. 
O I am unable to attend but wish to make a fully tax deductible contribution of S 
O 
This gift is in honor of 
(OVER) 
(Please list name and/or company above as you wish it to appear in the printed program) 
NAME 
COMPANY 
ADDRESS 
CITY 
STATE 
ZIP 
E-MAIL 
PHONE 
FAX 
PLEASE CHARGE MY O Visa O MasterCard K American Express 
CARD NUMBER 
EXP. DATE 
CARDHOLDER SIGNATURE 
TOTAL $ 
Please make checks payable to Dubin Breast Center (Tax ID# 13.6171197) and return to Event Associates, Inc., 
162 West 56th Street, Suite 405, New York, NY 10019. Your contribution less $275 per ticket is tax-deductible. 
Gifts from donor advised funds. foundations. and charitable trusts may not be used for purchases that provide tangible bawl its to any individual. 
Tax receipts will be mailed after the conclusion of the event. 
For further information, please contact Debbie Fife or Emily Kline: 
Phone: 212-245-6570 ext. 20 or ext. 23, Fax: 212-581-8717, 
E-mail: dubinbreastcenter@eventassociatesinc.com 
Mount Dubin Breast Center 
Please contact us by telephone (212.659.8500) or email 
PhilanthropyOptOuternountsmai.org if you wish to have your name removed from 
Sinai 
of TheTischCancer Institute 
our distribution list of fundraising and marketing matenals. 
EFTA_R1_01946784 
EFTA02672764

