# EFTA02238224

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** in leevacationanmail.com> Cc: Bella Klein I just ordered a mattress for Ehud as there was a leek in the ceiling of their apartment right over the bed...No other apartments have a king size bed so I needed to order them a new one. Purchased from Sleepy's and they will deliver same day! I have Andrew (superintendent) and Merwin helping out. will need to purchase new duvet cover as they arc all stained... EFTA_R1_01004318 EFTA02238225

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Bella Klein 
Cc: 
Rich Kahn 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 3/5/2018 7:28:47 PM 
Subject Re: New Mattress for Ehud 
We had to purchase a new duvet, comforter and sheets as well...did this yesterday. Should 
she make copies of the receipts and send to you? 
On Mar 5, 2018, at 2:19 PM, Bella Klein 
wrote: 
Rich, 
Invoice for the replaced mattress for reimbursement is attached 
<Amex_Black_Sleepys_Mattress Firm_Mattress and mattress cover for Ehud:Nili apt 
1 I J_1957.57_030518_receipt.pdf> 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel: 
On Mar 5, 2018, at 2:07 PM, 
wrote: 
I2J is not one of Jeffreys apartments 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 5, 2018, at 1:46 PM, Bella Klein 
Who lives in the apt I2J, is it Jeffreys apt 
Thank you, 
Bella 
Tel:
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
u ject: ewMattress for Ehud 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01004317 
EFTA02238224

Date: March 4, 2018 at 11:45:48 AM 
EST 
To: Jefffrey Epstein 
leevacationanmail.com>
Cc: Bella Klein 
I just ordered a mattress for Ehud as there was a leek in the ceiling of 
their apartment right over the bed...No other 
apartments have a king size bed so I needed 
to order them a new one. Purchased from 
Sleepy's and they will deliver same day! I 
have Andrew (superintendent) and Merwin 
helping out. 
will need to purchase 
new duvet cover as they arc all stained... 
EFTA_R1_01004318 
EFTA02238225

