# EFTA02298964

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: To: Cc: Subject: Eva Dubin Monday, July 13, 2015 7:12 PM Jeffrey E.; Karyna Shuliak Re: Right!!! I would be ready to run any minute.... Let's look at Cap Ferrat... Or Porto fino© Sent from my iPhone On Jul 13, 2015, at 9:03 PM, wrote: I agree completely. You can't be rattling around in that place in your velvet sli

**[FULL]:** 's look at Cap Ferrat... Or Porto fino© Sent from my iPhone On Jul 13, 2015, at 9:03 PM, wrote: I agree completely. You can't be rattling around in that place in your velvet slippers worrying about someone jumping out and grabbing you! wrote: Sent from my iPhone On Jul 13, 2015, at 2:57 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: I am not crazy about it!!! Too big, and isolated... I think a view and a little cozier would be better. Someone could be hiding behind any cactus there!!!! Sent from my iPhone On Jul 13, 2015, at 8:41 PM, jeffrey E. sieevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» https://www.yo

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: 
Eva Dubin 
Monday, July 13, 2015 7:12 PM 
Jeffrey E.; Karyna Shuliak 
Re: 
Right!!! 
I would be ready to run any minute.... 
Let's look at Cap Ferrat... Or Porto fino© 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 13, 2015, at 9:03 PM, 
wrote: 
I agree completely. You can't be rattling around in that place in your velvet slippers worrying about someone 
jumping out and grabbing you! 
wrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 13, 2015, at 2:57 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
I am not crazy about it!!! 
Too big, and isolated... 
I think a view and a little cozier would be better. 
Someone could be hiding behind any cactus there!!!! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 13, 2015, at 8:41 PM, jeffrey E. sieevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zUjpLYbKUY 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA_R1_01163613 
EFTA02298964

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01163614 
EFTA02298965

