# EFTA00022041 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** White Collar Law360 <
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Theranos Founder Elizabeth Holmes Can't Shake New Charges

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: White Collar Law360 < To: Subject: Theranos Founder Elizabeth Holmes Can't Shake New Charges Date: Wed, 14 Oct 2020 07:35:44 +0000 aw360 White Collar WHITE COLLAR How does your salary stack up to your peers? Take our survey. Wednesday, October 14, 2020 ,Follow Law360 TOP NEWS Ghislaine Maxwell's Bid To Seal Depo Resonates In 2nd Circ. A Second Circuit panel offered measured support Tuesday for Ghislaine Maxwell, the former girlfriend of Jeffrey Epstein charged with helping the deceased financier abuse underage girls, in Maxwell's challenge to an order calling for the release of a dep

### Match 2
> From: White Collar Law360 < To: Subject: Theranos Founder Elizabeth Holmes Can't Shake New Charges Date: Wed, 14 Oct 2020 07:35:44 +0000 aw360 White Collar WHITE COLLAR How does your salary stack up to your peers? Take our survey. Wednesday, October 14, 2020 ,Follow Law360 TOP NEWS Ghislaine Maxwell's Bid To Seal Depo Resonates In 2nd Circ. A Second Circuit panel offered measured support Tuesday for Ghislaine Maxwell, the former girlfriend of Jeffrey Epstein charged with helping the deceased financier abuse underage girls, in Maxwell's challenge to an order calling for the release

### Match 3
> Oct 2020 07:35:44 +0000 aw360 White Collar WHITE COLLAR How does your salary stack up to your peers? Take our survey. Wednesday, October 14, 2020 ,Follow Law360 TOP NEWS Ghislaine Maxwell's Bid To Seal Depo Resonates In 2nd Circ. A Second Circuit panel offered measured support Tuesday for Ghislaine Maxwell, the former girlfriend of Jeffrey Epstein charged with helping the deceased financier abuse underage girls, in Maxwell's challenge to an order calling for the release of a deposition at the heart of her case. Read full article » c'2,Law360 Rising Stars EFTA00022041 EFTA00022042 EFTA

### Match 4
> ay, October 14, 2020 ,Follow Law360 TOP NEWS Ghislaine Maxwell's Bid To Seal Depo Resonates In 2nd Circ. A Second Circuit panel offered measured support Tuesday for Ghislaine Maxwell, the former girlfriend of Jeffrey Epstein charged with helping the deceased financier abuse underage girls, in Maxwell's challenge to an order calling for the release of a deposition at the heart of her case. Read full article » c'2,Law360 Rising Stars EFTA00022041 EFTA00022042 EFTA00022043 EFTA00022044 EFTA00022045 EFTA00022046
