# EFTA02720554

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Bill Gates. Larry Cohen|
|Sent|2/18/2014 9:11 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmall.com]; Bill Gates[billg©bgc3.com] From: Larry Cohen Sent Wed 2/19/2014 5:17:10 AM Subject: RE: Hi Jeffery - bill is traveling but I am back in the office tomorrow morning. I can talk first thing in the AM to update on progress and timing. Sent from my Windows Phone From: Jeffrey Epstein Sent: 2/18/2014 9:1

**[FULL]:** 3.com] From: Larry Cohen Sent Wed 2/19/2014 5:17:10 AM Subject: RE: Hi Jeffery - bill is traveling but I am back in the office tomorrow morning. I can talk first thing in the AM to update on progress and timing. Sent from my Windows Phone From: Jeffrey Epstein Sent: 2/18/2014 9:11 PM To: Bill Gates. Larry Cohen Subject: call today? I am in ny unitl weekend ,palm beach *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmall.com]; 
Bill Gates[billg©bgc3.com] 
From: 
Larry Cohen 
Sent 
Wed 2/19/2014 5:17:10 AM 
Subject: RE: 
Hi Jeffery - bill is traveling but I am back in the office tomorrow morning. 
I can talk first thing in the AM to update on progress and timing. 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 2/18/2014 9:11 PM 
To: Bill Gates. Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
call today? 
I am in ny unitl weekend ,palm beach 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_02204036 
EFTA02720554

