# EFTA02302814

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** o=e: EFTA_R1_01173676 EFTA02302814 >>>>» >>»» Karyna and ...can you please get back to me and Rich re the excess=furniture? Eva is asking about it and I need to provide her an answer..tha=ks! >>>>» >>>»» On Oct 24, 2014, at 9:32 AM, Richard Kahn < >>>>>» >>>>>» Jeffrey has informed me that Eva Dubin will be taking any excess >>>»» fur=iture at Please advise if we currently have any furniture we need to move out=immediately or will this only occur when Artefacto order arrives.. >>>»» If we do currently have furniture can you please provide photos >>>»» Thank you >>>>>» >>>»» Richard Kahn

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Karyna Shuliak < 
Sent: 
Monday, October 27, 2014 5:46 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Cc: 
Lesley Groff; 
Subject: 
Re: Furniture at 301 
I am flying back to NY today and bringing the samples from Artefacto for Gre=ory, he needs to see them first before 
processing the order. 
Sent from my iPhone 
> On Oct 27, 2014, at 1:12 PM, Richard Kahn <-
> wrote:=> yes placing order this week (hopefully today) we are 
> projecting 3-4 months 
> Richard Kahn 
> HBRK Associates Inc. 
> tel 
> fax 
> cell 
» On Oct 27, 2014, at 12:48 PM, Lesley Groff < 
» ok, that is perfect...thanks 
> wrote: 
>» On Oct 27, 2014, at 12:47 PM, Karyna Shuliak < 
> w=ote: 
>» We don't know yet, the final order hasn't been confirmed yet. So I would=think months.. 
>» 
>» Sent from my iPhone 
»» On Oct 27, 2014, at 12:40 PM, Lesley Groff < 
»» wrote= 
>>>> 
»» when do you expect Artefacto delivery? Is it months away? I just need=to tell Eva something... 
>>» 
>»» On Oct 27, 2014, at 12:33 PM, 
> w=ote: 
>>>» 
>»» Most of it will happen when artefacto arrives. We may have 10B 
>»» furnitu=e available already but this is something I have to 
>»» confirm with Gregory. =>»» Sent from my iPhone 
>>>» 
>>»» On Oct 27, 2014, at 12:21 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> wro=e: 
EFTA_R1_01173676 
EFTA02302814

>>>>» 
>>»» Karyna and ...can you please get back to me and Rich re the excess=furniture? Eva is asking about it and I 
need to provide her an answer..tha=ks! 
>>>>» 
>>>»» On Oct 24, 2014, at 9:32 AM, Richard Kahn < 
>>>>>» 
>>>>>» Jeffrey has informed me that Eva Dubin will be taking any excess 
>>>»» fur=iture at 
Please advise if we currently have any furniture we need to move 
out=immediately or will this only occur when Artefacto order arrives.. 
>>>»» If we do currently have furniture can you please provide photos 
>>>»» Thank you 
>>>>>» 
>>>»» Richard Kahn 
>>>»» HBRK Associates Inc. 
> w=ote: 
>>>>>» 
>>>>>» 
>>>»» tel 
>>>»» fax 
>>>»» cell 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.05 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>14938</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1414431974</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>S707</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01173677 
EFTA02302815

