# EFTA02422067

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Mukamal, Thomas|
|To|"jccvacat ion(iignia il.com" <jecv a ca t ion i Q.ma i . corn>|
|Sent|Tue, October 19, 2010 5:34:56 AM|
|Subject|Fw: Letter to Ed Thomas|

---

**[WORD]:** acation@gmail.com] From: Cecile de Jongh Sent: Tue 10/19/2010 6:22:57 PM Subject: Re: Fwd: Fw: Letter to Ed Thomas Good afternoon Jeffrey, John reviewed the letter but he needs to know which items have not been completed so he can address it with Ed Thomas. John would have preferred to have Andrew cc him on the letter so that he can go to Ed and check on the status. Please let me know which of the of the four (or if it is all) items have not been delivered. Cecile DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, and protected from disclosure. If you a

**[WORD]:** ted. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete all copies. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationEtgmail.com> To: Cecile de Jongh Sent: Tue, October 19, 2010 5:34:56 AM Subject: Fwd: Fw: Letter to Ed Thomas Forwarded message From: Farkas, Andrew L. Date: Tuc, Sep 28, 2010 at 4:00 PM Subject: Fw: Letter to Ed Thomas To: "jccvacat ion(iignia il.com" <jecv a ca t ion i Q.ma i . corn> As promised. From: Mukamal, Thomas To: Farkas, Andrew L. Cc: Garrison, Frank; Toth, Eric Sent: Tue Sep 28 15:30:35 2010 Subject: Letter to Ed Thomas EFT

**[WORD]:** October 19, 2010 5:34:56 AM Subject: Fwd: Fw: Letter to Ed Thomas Forwarded message From: Farkas, Andrew L. Date: Tuc, Sep 28, 2010 at 4:00 PM Subject: Fw: Letter to Ed Thomas To: "jccvacat ion(iignia il.com" <jecv a ca t ion i Q.ma i . corn> As promised. From: Mukamal, Thomas To: Farkas, Andrew L. Cc: Garrison, Frank; Toth, Eric Sent: Tue Sep 28 15:30:35 2010 Subject: Letter to Ed Thomas EFTA_R1_01488604 EFTA02422067 The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the u

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinljeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Cecile de Jongh 
Sent: 
Tue 10/19/2010 6:22:57 PM 
Subject: Re: Fwd: Fw: Letter to Ed Thomas 
Good afternoon Jeffrey, 
John reviewed the letter but he needs to know which items have not been completed so 
he can address it with Ed Thomas. John would have preferred to have Andrew cc him 
on the letter so that he can go to Ed and check on the status. Please let me know 
which of the of the four (or if it is all) items have not been delivered. 
Cecile 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, and 
protected from disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that any dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
immediately and delete all copies. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationEtgmail.com> 
To: Cecile de Jongh 
Sent: Tue, October 19, 2010 5:34:56 AM 
Subject: Fwd: Fw: Letter to Ed Thomas 
 
Forwarded message 
From: Farkas, Andrew L.
Date: Tuc, Sep 28, 2010 at 4:00 PM 
Subject: Fw: Letter to Ed Thomas 
To: "jccvacat ion(iignia il.com" <jecv a ca t ion i Q.ma i . corn> 
As promised. 
From: Mukamal, Thomas 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Cc: Garrison, Frank; Toth, Eric 
Sent: Tue Sep 28 15:30:35 2010 
Subject: Letter to Ed Thomas 
EFTA_R1_01488604 
EFTA02422067

The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1488605 
EFTA02422068

