# EFTA00020331 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 9

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, March 23, 2021 11:29 AM
- **Subject:** RE: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: y• < To: (USANYS)" a >, Subject: FW: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo Date: Wed, 24 Mar 2021 03:11:46 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell S2 Indictment v I .docx Wanted to get this to the chiefs today to expedite review, but obviously welcome any thoughts or comments from you guys. I based the new language primarily on the language from our pas

### Match 2
> From: y• < To: (USANYS)" a >, Subject: FW: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo Date: Wed, 24 Mar 2021 03:11:46 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell S2 Indictment v I .docx Wanted to get this to the chiefs today to expedite review, but obviously welcome any thoughts or comments from you guys. I based the new language primarily on the language from our past Epstein and Maxwell indictments, so hopefully nothing too controversial. From: Sent:

### Match 3
> osecution memo Date: Wed, 24 Mar 2021 03:11:46 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell S2 Indictment v I .docx Wanted to get this to the chiefs today to expedite review, but obviously welcome any thoughts or comments from you guys. I based the new language primarily on the language from our past Epstein and Maxwell indictments, so hopefully nothing too controversial. From: Sent: Tuesday, March 23, 2021 11:10 PM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo Attached is a draft superseding indictment. Thanks, From: Sent: Tuesday, March 23, 2021 11:29 AM To: (

### Match 4
> obviously welcome any thoughts or comments from you guys. I based the new language primarily on the language from our past Epstein and Maxwell indictments, so hopefully nothing too controversial. From: Sent: Tuesday, March 23, 2021 11:10 PM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo Attached is a draft superseding indictment. Thanks, From: Sent: Tuesday, March 23, 2021 11:29 AM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo Sure thing, will aim to get you a draft today, thanks. From: (USANYS) Sent:

### Match 5
> ersial. From: Sent: Tuesday, March 23, 2021 11:10 PM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo Attached is a draft superseding indictment. Thanks, From: Sent: Tuesday, March 23, 2021 11:29 AM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo Sure thing, will aim to get you a draft today, thanks. From: (USANYS) Sent: Tuesday, March 23, 2021 10:32 AM To: ) < (USANYS)< >; Cc: (USANYS) Subject: FW: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo >; >; Hi team, we have asked what the Brass wants to do in terms

### Match 6
> m: Sent: Tuesday, March 23, 2021 11:29 AM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo Sure thing, will aim to get you a draft today, thanks. From: (USANYS) Sent: Tuesday, March 23, 2021 10:32 AM To: ) < (USANYS)< >; Cc: (USANYS) Subject: FW: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo >; >; Hi team, we have asked what the Brass wants to do in terms of review/meeting, and will let you know. In the meantime and mindful of the Monday al date, do you mind putting together a draft indictment for us to review? Thanks! From: (USANYS) Sent: Friday, Ma

### Match 7
> will let you know. In the meantime and mindful of the Monday al date, do you mind putting together a draft indictment for us to review? Thanks! From: (USANYS) Sent: Friday, March 19, 2021 3:34 PM To: ) (USANYS) < (USANYS) (USANYS)< > Cc: (USANYS) (USANYS) >; (USANYS) 7; Subject: RE: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo EFTA00020331 Thanks, From: Sent: Friday, March 19, 2021 3:24 PM To: (USANYS) < (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) < >; Subject: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo All, >; (USANYS) < >; (usANys) (USANYS) < (USANYS) < >; Attached please find a prosecution memoran

### Match 8
> Sent: Friday, March 19, 2021 3:34 PM To: ) (USANYS) < (USANYS) (USANYS)< > Cc: (USANYS) (USANYS) >; (USANYS) 7; Subject: RE: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo EFTA00020331 Thanks, From: Sent: Friday, March 19, 2021 3:24 PM To: (USANYS) < (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) < >; Subject: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo All, >; (USANYS) < >; (usANys) (USANYS) < (USANYS) < >; Attached please find a prosecution memorandum requesting authorization to seek a superseding indictment charging Maxwell with additional criminal offenses. For reference, I have also attached the two pri

### Match 9
> , March 19, 2021 3:24 PM To: (USANYS) < (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) < >; Subject: Maxwell superseder prosecution memo All, >; (USANYS) < >; (usANys) (USANYS) < (USANYS) < >; Attached please find a prosecution memorandum requesting authorization to seek a superseding indictment charging Maxwell with additional criminal offenses. For reference, I have also attached the two prior prosecution memos regarding the original indictment in this case. We have tentatively scheduled grand jury time for Monday, March 29th. Thanks, EFTA00020332
