# EFTA00027305 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 6

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "=a
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Request re Maxwell Laptop

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: "=a To: Cc: Subject: Request re Maxwell Laptop Date: Tue, 10 Aug 2021 20:27:34 +0000 Hope you're doing well. Ghislaine Maxwell's attorney has informed me that Maxwell is having difficulty reviewing the portions of her discovery that include audio recordings on the laptop my office provided for her use. The attorney seems to think that the issue can be fixed if someone from MDC's IT department could assist Maxwell in enab

### Match 2
> From: "=a To: Cc: Subject: Request re Maxwell Laptop Date: Tue, 10 Aug 2021 20:27:34 +0000 Hope you're doing well. Ghislaine Maxwell's attorney has informed me that Maxwell is having difficulty reviewing the portions of her discovery that include audio recordings on the laptop my office provided for her use. The attorney seems to think that the issue can be fixed if someone from MDC's IT department could assist Maxwell

### Match 3
> From: "=a To: Cc: Subject: Request re Maxwell Laptop Date: Tue, 10 Aug 2021 20:27:34 +0000 Hope you're doing well. Ghislaine Maxwell's attorney has informed me that Maxwell is having difficulty reviewing the portions of her discovery that include audio recordings on the laptop my office provided for her use. The attorney seems to think tha

### Match 4
> From: "=a To: Cc: Subject: Request re Maxwell Laptop Date: Tue, 10 Aug 2021 20:27:34 +0000 Hope you're doing well. Ghislaine Maxwell's attorney has informed me that Maxwell is having difficulty reviewing the portions of her discovery that include audio recordings on the laptop my office provided for her use. The attorney seems to think that the issue can be fixed if someone from MDC's IT department could assist Maxwell in enabling the audio jack so that Maxwell can

### Match 5
> islaine Maxwell's attorney has informed me that Maxwell is having difficulty reviewing the portions of her discovery that include audio recordings on the laptop my office provided for her use. The attorney seems to think that the issue can be fixed if someone from MDC's IT department could assist Maxwell in enabling the audio jack so that Maxwell can use headphones to listen to the recordings. Would it be possible to ask someone from IT to please look into this issue? Thanks very much, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York New York, NY 10007 M6 EFTA00027305

### Match 6
> hat Maxwell is having difficulty reviewing the portions of her discovery that include audio recordings on the laptop my office provided for her use. The attorney seems to think that the issue can be fixed if someone from MDC's IT department could assist Maxwell in enabling the audio jack so that Maxwell can use headphones to listen to the recordings. Would it be possible to ask someone from IT to please look into this issue? Thanks very much, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York New York, NY 10007 M6 EFTA00027305
