# EFTA02551421

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2012 4:24 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Ok thsnks Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Mar 21, 2012, at 5:14 PM, "Eva Dubin " C wrote: > I am working on it. Called the international office yesterday. She > can't d= anything right now...l am on it:) Sent from my Verizon > Wireless BlackBerry > Original M

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2012 4:24 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Ok thsnks Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Mar 21, 2012, at 5:14 PM, "Eva Dubin " C wrote: > I am working on it. Called the international office yesterday. She > can't d= anything right now...l am on it:) Sent from my Verizon > Wireless BlackBerry > Original Message > From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> > Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 08:18:20 > To: > Subject: >

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 21, 2012 4:24 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
Ok thsnks 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 21, 2012, at 5:14 PM, "Eva Dubin " C 
wrote: 
> I am working on it. Called the international office yesterday. She 
> can't d= anything right now...l am on it:) Sent from my Verizon 
> Wireless BlackBerry 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
> Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 08:18:20 
> To: 
> Subject: 
> can we do anything acan 
help at the center? 
> --
> ****** *so* ***** *sm..* ********* S ******** ***** ***** • ****** 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and 
> is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
> unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please 
> notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
> jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gm=ilcom> , and destroy 
> this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
> copyright -all rights reserved 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>214484</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1332346870</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
EFTA_R1_01707516 
EFTA02551421

<string>212685</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01707517 
EFTA02551422

