# EFTA02215936

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin|

---

**[FULL]:** To: t (Liz Grobe From: Sent: n / 1 : :13 PM Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. We would like 4 tickets for the best scats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think have the best scats for an evening show: / • 5 , George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) wrote: Dea Bart Sher kindly passed on your email

**[FULL]:** ickets for the best scats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think have the best scats for an evening show: / • 5 , George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) wrote: Dea Bart Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway. I am happy to arrange house seats for Eva Dubin. House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance date. The full show schedule is viewable at this link: httn://www.Ict.orq/shows/oslo-broadwavischedulei Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to submit your request. Date and Time of performance: # of tick

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
t (Liz Grobe 
From: 
Sent: 
n 
/ 1 : :13 PM 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. 
We would like 4 tickets for the best scats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following 
nights you think have the best scats for an evening show: 
/ 
• 5 
, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
wrote: 
Dea 
Bart Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway. I am happy to 
arrange house seats for Eva Dubin. 
House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance date. The full show schedule is 
viewable at this link: httn://www.Ict.orq/shows/oslo-broadwavischedulei 
Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to submit your request. 
Date and Time of performance: 
# of tickets: 
Name at will-call: 
Name as it appears on credit card: 
Credit card #: 
Expiration date: 
Security code: 
Full Billing Address: 
Please note that there are no refunds or exchanges on house seats. Please let me know if you 
have any questions, thanks! 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19°' Floor 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the 
employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are 
EFTA_R1_00944360 
EFTA02215936

hereby notified that any use dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly 
prohibited. 
EFTA_R1_00944361 
EFTA02215937

