# EFTA02238388

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: queen

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** re a queen size will be better than nothing at all for time being!! Get some rest...we will see Ehud tomorrow at 1pm at Jeffrey's home :) > On Mar 4, 2018, at 12:21 PM, Nili Priell wrote: > Hi lesley, > Things happen. Don't worry. You are very quick to respond. That is a very rare quality! > Andrew (or was he Mervin - I don't quite distinguish between them) was he and he turned the mattress "sunny side down" and the linen will be changed on a fresh duvet, so we can sleep today. It is a solution because we have a schedule from 5 PM on tonight. > The new mattress will wait until tomorrow in

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Nili Priell 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Sun 3/4/2018 5:27:06 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Urgence 
YES!! I spoke with ANDREW (he is the superintendent at the apartment building 
and lives there)... he explained all to me-sounds great! I try to be on top of 
ever thing quickly :) 
will bring up a new duvet but it is unfortunately Queen size, not king 
size. We will have a new king size purchased and brought along with the mattress 
tomorrow. I figure a queen size will be better than nothing at all for time 
being!! Get some rest...we will see Ehud tomorrow at 1pm at Jeffrey's home :) 
> On Mar 4, 2018, at 12:21 PM, Nili Priell 
wrote: 
> Hi lesley, 
> Things happen. Don't worry. You are very quick to respond. That is a very rare 
quality! 
> Andrew (or was he Mervin - I don't quite distinguish between them) was he and 
he turned the mattress "sunny side down" and the linen will be changed on a fresh 
duvet, so we can sleep today. It is a solution because we have a schedule from 5 
PM on tonight. 
> The new mattress will wait until tomorrow in andrew's office until tomorrow. 
> Is it OK? 
> Thanks 
> Nili 
>> On Mar 4, 2018, at 6:49 PM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
>> Hi Nili—once again, so sorry for the troubles today-
>> 
>> I am having a new mattress delivered today!! It will arrive between 3-
lOpm_Andrew and Merwin will take care of setting it up for you! 
>>> On Mar 4, 2018, at 8:02 AM, Nili Priell <nilipriell@gmail.com> wrote: 
>>> 
>>> Hi lesley, 
>>> Thank you for there welcome goodies. 
>> >
>>> There is a severe problem - there is a crack in the bedroom ceiling and I 
think that water have poured to the bed. The covers and the mattress are wet. 
>> Unless there is a possibility to change them, it is not possible to sleep 
upon. 
>>> I don't know how Leo didn't see it because the water are brownish. I entered 
the room and immediately noticed it. It seems that it happened sometime between 
we left and now because the ceiling is not wet but you see the crack. 
>>> Can you help today, Sunday? 
>>> Thanks, 
>>> Nili 
EFTA_R1_01004710 
EFTA02238388

