# EFTA00038432 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "=II
- **To:** '
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Ghislaine Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: "=II MINIMIE > To:' Cc: "MI IMIMIW Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Tue, 21 Apr 2020 21:41:00 +0000 Importance: Normal Thanks . Nah, let's hold off for right now. With no idea when we will have a grand jury, things are up in the air right now. I'll keep you posted when we are likely to go forward. Thanks for your help with this. On Apr 21, 2020 1:44 PM,

### Match 2
> contacted us. It's a small town, and when we ask the PD it will get around. Are you getting ready to arrest? If so, we can make contact with the PD. On Apr 21, 2020 11:57 AM,'=I NIMIE> wrote: Good morning, Hope you're doing well. I wanted to reach out and touch base about possible sightings of Ghislaine Maxwell in Manchester. I know we spoke earlier this year about it and I believe you had mentioned that a local PD had seen her around town. Our AUSAs are asking about those sightings and requesting more detailed info- where she was seen and how often/how many times and how recently that had been. Any in

### Match 3
> From: "=II MINIMIE > To:' Cc: "MI IMIMIW Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Tue, 21 Apr 2020 21:41:00 +0000 Importance: Normal Thanks . Nah, let's hold off for right now. With no idea when we will have a grand jury, things are up in the air right now. I'll keep you posted when we are likely to go forward. Thanks for your help with this. On Apr 21, 2020

### Match 4
> contacted us. It's a small town, and when we ask the PD it will get around. Are you getting ready to arrest? If so, we can make contact with the PD. On Apr 21, 2020 11:57 AM,'=I NIMIE> wrote: Good morning, Hope you're doing well. I wanted to reach out and touch base about possible sightings of Ghislaine Maxwell in Manchester. I know we spoke earlier this year about it and I believe you had mentioned that a local PD had seen her around town. Our AUSAs are asking about those sightings and requesting more detailed info- where she was seen and how often/how many times and how recently that had been
