# EFTA02423919

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeyacattongigmail.corn]|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|18 May 2010 03:18|
|Subject|Re: Jes Staley|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.comj From: The Duke Sent Tue 5/18/2010 2:27:47 AM Subject RE: Jes Staley Will do. I'm in KL and Singapore until Sunday night. I'll ring Monday evening London time if that suits? A HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeyacattongigmail.corn] Sent: 18 May 2010 03:18 To: The Duke Subject: Re: Jes Staley we should try to talk before . •: :. On Mon, May 17, 2010 at 9:17 PM, The Duke wrote: Thought you'd like to know he's coming into London next week and I'm trying to find a

**[FULL]:** Jes Staley we should try to talk before . •: :. On Mon, May 17, 2010 at 9:17 PM, The Duke wrote: Thought you'd like to know he's coming into London next week and I'm trying to find a slot for him in my schedule next week to meet him. (I have met him already in NY, June last year) A HRH The Duke of York KG EFTA_R1_01491200 EFTA02423919 The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or co

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.comj 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent 
Tue 5/18/2010 2:27:47 AM 
Subject RE: Jes Staley 
Will do. I'm in KL and Singapore until Sunday night. I'll ring Monday evening 
London time if that suits? 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeyacattongigmail.corn] 
Sent: 18 May 2010 03:18 
To: The Duke 
Subject: Re: Jes Staley 
we should try to talk before . 
•:
:.
On Mon, May 17, 2010 at 9:17 PM, The Duke 
wrote: 
Thought you'd like to know he's coming into London next week and I'm trying to 
find a slot for him in my schedule next week to meet him. (I have met him already 
in NY, June last year) 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
EFTA_R1_01491200 
EFTA02423919

The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01491201 
EFTA02423920

