# EFTA02582061

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.com|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, March 25, 2014 10:20 PM To: Jeffrey; lesley Epstein Subject: RE: =0A=DA=/font>Thank you so much. =OA=/font> Date: Tue, 25 Mar 201= 07:51:55 -0600 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: of course&=bsp; , no problem On Tue, Mar 25, 2014 at 7:51 AM, Eva=Dubin wrote:

**[WORD]:** m: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, March 25, 2014 10:20 PM To: Jeffrey; lesley Epstein Subject: RE: =0A=DA=/font>Thank you so much. =OA=/font> Date: Tue, 25 Mar 201= 07:51:55 -0600 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: of course&=bsp; , no problem On Tue, Mar 25, 2014 at 7:51 AM, Eva=Dubin wrote: =blockquote class="ecxgmail_quote" style="pa ing- e : ex; or er- = -co or: rg „ ; or er-left-width: 1px; border-left-=tyle: solid;"> =0A=0A=div> =0A=0A=div dir="ltr"> =OA=/font> My friend, Annika, who has been battli=g breast cancer and =ho takes care of my boat in Sweden, is planning

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Tuesday, March 25, 2014 10:20 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey; lesley Epstein 
Subject: 
RE: 
=0A=DA=/font>Thank you so much. 
=OA=/font> 
Date: Tue, 25 Mar 201= 07:51:55 -0600 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
of course&=bsp; , no problem 
On Tue, Mar 25, 2014 at 7:51 AM, Eva=Dubin 
wrote: 
=blockquote class="ecxgmail_quote" style="pa 
ing- e : ex; or er- = -co or: rg 
„ 
; or er-left-width: 
1px; border-left-=tyle: solid;"> =0A=0A=div> =0A=0A=div dir="ltr"> =OA=/font> 
My friend, Annika, who has been battli=g breast cancer and =ho takes care of my boat in Sweden, is planning a trip to 
New York to ce=ebrate =he end of her chemo. Can she possibly =tay in one of the apartments? I trust =er 150%. She 
was planning to come =round May 6th and stay for a few days, maximum a week, but =robably =ess. I am going to tell 
her not to buy the ticket until I hear back from y=u =uys. 
=OA=/font> 
=/blockquote> 
*•** 
******* 
** ******** 
**= ******** 
*•** 
********** 
*•** 
***** 
*•** 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may=br> =onstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the=addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use=2C disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is s=rictly prohibited 
=nd may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.comq=>, and 
=estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA_R1_01759039 
EFTA02582061

including all attac=ments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
= 
2 
EFTA_R1_0 1759040 
EFTA02582062

