# EFTA02659586

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, February 18, 2017 8:11 PM To: Bill Gates my friends say you are in munich, i thin= it would be in your interest to seek out ronald lauder. . he =s interested in funding health initiatives. and can offer some protection =gainst reduced funding of some your current programs. te=l him we are buddies. he is very smart. please note The in

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, February 18, 2017 8:11 PM 
To: 
Bill Gates 
my friends say you are in munich, i thin= it would be in your interest to seek out ronald lauder. . he =s interested in 
funding health initiatives. and can offer some protection =gainst reduced funding of some your current programs. te=l 
him we are buddies. he is very smart. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, m=y be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and=is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or=any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you hav= received this communication in error, please notify us immediately byar>return e-mail or by e-
mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communicati=n and all copies 
thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rig=ts reserved 
--001a11355fd4f27e910548d39f29-- conversation-id 52984 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 
flags 
gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 689152 
EFTA_R1_01906684 
EFTA02659586

