# EFTA02440500

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: doctor, minor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|St. Tropez|

---

**[WORD]:** opez Title: St. Tropez Marjorie says I am not being nice enough to Denise's guests because I don't think they are important. That is absolutely true. She says I have to make a hugh effort for the remainder of the trip and take a friendly pill. UUgh! I make Denise laugh all day. When I saw Glen Dubin at Club 55 yesterday, he said he was looking for a house for you.... and promised a wing for me...I would just require a broom closet near the kitchen. Went to the open market this morning with Dana Hammond, her 400 pound eight year old Charlotte. and her mean abusive doctor husband Patrick. He

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Sat 7/25/2009 1:30:00 PM 
Subject: St. Tropez 
Title: St. Tropez 
Marjorie says I am not being nice enough to Denise's guests because I don't think they are important. That is absolutely 
true. She says I have to make a hugh effort for the remainder of the trip and take a friendly pill. UUgh! I make Denise 
laugh all day. 
When I saw Glen Dubin at Club 55 yesterday, he said he was looking for a house for you.... and promised a wing for me...I 
would just require a broom closet near the kitchen. 
Went to the open market this morning with Dana Hammond, her 400 pound eight year old Charlotte. and her mean 
abusive doctor husband Patrick. He screamed at the kid that her sneakers smelled like rotten fish and she will never find a 
husband. 
The kid then wanted an ice cram and the father went beserk. This is what I am dealing with here. 
We are having lunch on the boat with 30 more freaks with beaded swim wear...I am really having a great time...Marjorie 
and I laugh. 
I am now coming home Monday...would not miss Joan Collin's anniversary party for Arlene Dahl if my life depended on 
it. 
Taking Marjorie to Don Sofa's 260' boat this afternoon. Then I am going to visit Lady Astor and hop nob with the royal 
Brits...where I belong. 
The sun is getting to my mind. 
Went to a hippic costume party last night. I never say so many gorous girls in my lifc...the guys were hot too. Everyone is 
beautiful here. Everyone is very friendly and just wants to have fun. No one reads a newspaper or has a kindel...but that's 
minor. This town is crying out for you. 
xoxo Peg 
EFTA_R1_01514479 
EFTA02440500

