# EFTA00030876 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monde January 11 2021 10:47 AM
- **Subject:** Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> to you after pick up. Are you available around 12-1230? Feel free to call me at • > On Jan 11, 2021, at 09:48, > It will be myself ore. > Best >0. wrote: >>>> 1/8/2021 2:20 > PM > Good afternoon, > The FBI has very kindly agreed to deliver two new drives from my > office to the MDC for Ghislaine Maxwell on Monday, January 11th. I've > cc'd Special Agent who will be coordinating the delivery. > Would you please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the > delivery and who will be available to receive the drives on Monday? > Thank you all very much for your help. > Best, EFTA000308

### Match 2
> to you after pick up. Are you available around 12-1230? Feel free to call me at • > On Jan 11, 2021, at 09:48, > It will be myself ore. > Best >0. wrote: >>>> 1/8/2021 2:20 > PM > Good afternoon, > The FBI has very kindly agreed to deliver two new drives from my > office to the MDC for Ghislaine Maxwell on Monday, January 11th. I've > cc'd Special Agent who will be coordinating the delivery. > Would you please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the > delivery and who will be available to receive the drives on Monday? > Thank you all very much for your help. > Best, EF

### Match 3
> Subject: RE: Maxwe •nve •e 'very Mon•ay 1 11 Date: Mon, 11 Jan 2021 16:12:38 +0000 HiS Yes, I will meet you outside ISA at 11:30 today. If anything comes up, please feel free to give me a call at Thank you! Original Message From: Sent: Monde January 11 2021 10:47 AM To: Cc: Subject: Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11 I will be picking up the drives today. Are you available to run out to me around 11:30? or ■ ideally I'd be bringing the drives directly to you after pick up. Are you available around 12-1230? Feel free to call me at • > On Jan 11, 2021, at 09:48, > It will be myse
