# EFTA00016714 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 2

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** Nathan NYSD Chambers
- **Sent:** Mon ay,October
- **Subject:** US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> s know if you consent to us publicly filing the letter referenced in the Court's email below this evening (reattached here for your convenience) or if you intend to file a letter seeking sealing. Thanks, From: Nathan NYSD Chambers Sent: Tuesday, October 12, 2021 5:32 PM To: Subject: Re: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire Counsel: Consistent with the Court's Individual Rules, if one or both sides are requesting sealing, the letter making that request must be docketed on ECF unless counsel is also seeking, with explanation and justification, to f

### Match 2
> nsel is also seeking, with explanation and justification, to file the letter under seal. The Court would also like a copy of the Jencks Act material and exhibits. Sincerely, Chambers of the Hon. Alison J. Nathan From: Sent: Mon ay,October To: Nathan NYSD Chambers EFTA00016714 Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire CAUTION - EXTERNAL: Good evening, Attached please find the parties' joint proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire. Per the attached letter, the parties respectfully request that the Court accept the joint proposed juror que
