# EFTA02525545

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** said appoli realty is a spin =ff, he no longer is in control , but of you want me to do anything there ,=,let me know 2009 at 11:=9 AM, Gerald Barton > wrote: Jeffrey, My apologies. Accidentally sent Jerry's email as if it were coming from Bill Vaughan. Gi Jeffrey, I had a nice meeting with Andrew. He treats your friends very well. He thought there was=20 a substantive possibility of synergism between what he does and what we do. He asked Charles Garner to join us. Charles is President of IGY. Andrew left and I talked with Charles and his associate and they mutually had sufficient interest

**[WORD]:** y's email as if it were coming from Bill Vaughan. Gi Jeffrey, I had a nice meeting with Andrew. He treats your friends very well. He thought there was=20 a substantive possibility of synergism between what he does and what we do. He asked Charles Garner to join us. Charles is President of IGY. Andrew left and I talked with Charles and his associate and they mutually had sufficient interest. We set up another meeting at 11:30 a.m= at their offices in New York on July 1st. A very nice meeting. Thank you. Jerry Gerald G. Barton Landmark Land Company, =nc. P.O. Box 1880 Upper Marlboro, MD =2

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Monday, June 22, 2009 3:37 PM 
Gerald Barton 
Re: FW: Meeting 
i hope its works i talk to lean black, and he said appoli realty is a spin =ff, he no longer is in control , but of you want me 
to do anything there ,=,let me know 
2009 at 11:=9 AM, Gerald Barton 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
My apologies. Accidentally sent Jerry's email as if it were coming from Bill Vaughan. 
Gi 
Jeffrey, 
I had a nice meeting with Andrew. He treats your friends very well. He thought there was=20 a substantive 
possibility of synergism between what he does and what we do. He asked Charles Garner to join us. Charles is President 
of IGY. Andrew left and I talked with Charles and his associate and they mutually had sufficient interest. We set up 
another meeting at 11:30 a.m= at their offices in New York on July 1st. 
A very nice meeting. Thank you. 
Jerry 
Gerald G. Barton 
Landmark Land Company, =nc. 
P.O. Box 1880 
Upper Marlboro, MD =20 20773 
Phone: 
Fax: 
ont> 
DISCLAIMER: This e-mail message, including any attached=files and subsequent replies, is intended only for the 
exclusive use of the indiv=dual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is proprietary, 
privileged, confidential and/or exempt from disclosure under=20 applicable law. If the reader of this e-mail message is 
not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any viewing, copying, disclosure or=20 distribution of this 
EFTA_R1_01665363 
EFTA02525545

communication is strictly prohibited. If you have rece=ved this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
either teleph=ne or e-mail, and delete the original and any copies from your computer system= Thank you. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01665364 
EFTA02525546

