# EFTA02401318

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Friday, August 31, 2012 7:53 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Fantastic Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Fri, 31 Aug 2012 19:47:59 To: MINIMMII Subject: Re: of course„ i will see him next weekend,

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Fantastic Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Fri, 31 Aug 2012 19:47:59 To: MINIMMII Subject: Re: of course„ i will see him next weekend, =0A=0A=n Fri, Aug 31, 2012 at 3:33 PM, Eva Dubin > wrote: =0A=Trinity would love have Richard Axel speak in morning assembly. It's about=20 to 30 minutes in front of the high school. He can pick any topic he wan=s. Can I ask him? =0A=0A=- ,•*••••••*•**••*****•**•***•• ********* **•** ******** ***** * =he information contained in this communi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Friday, August 31, 2012 7:53 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Fantastic 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 31 Aug 2012 19:47:59 
To: 
MINIMMII 
Subject: Re: 
of course„ i will see him next weekend, =0A=0A=n Fri, Aug 31, 2012 at 3:33 PM, Eva Dubin 
> wrote: 
=0A=Trinity would love have Richard Axel speak in morning assembly. It's about=20 to 30 minutes in front of the high 
school. He can pick any topic he wan=s. Can I ask him? 
=0A=0A=-
,•*••••••*•**••*****•**•***•• ********* **•** ******** ***** * 
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1346442800</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap:Meevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>243539</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01437666 
EFTA02401318

