# EFTA02472887

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, February 12, 2016 4:09 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: when? On Fri, Feb 12, 2016 at 10:57 AM, Eva Dubin > wrote: I think we have space... Lots of people coming... Can she get to the airport..? The car is packed... Sent from my iPhone On Feb 12, =016, at 10:49 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» w

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, February 12, 2016 4:09 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: when? On Fri, Feb 12, 2016 at 10:57 AM, Eva Dubin > wrote: I think we have space... Lots of people coming... Can she get to the airport..? The car is packed... Sent from my iPhone On Feb 12, =016, at 10:49 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: yes, just landed =, can you give her a ride then? On Fri, F

**[FULL]:** ve space... Lots of people coming... Can she get to the airport..? The car is packed... Sent from my iPhone On Feb 12, =016, at 10:49 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: yes, just landed =, can you give her a ride then? On Fri, Feb 12, 2016 at 10:48 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: We are flying as wellmill Are you there=7,777 Sent from my iPhone wrote: On Feb 12, 2016, at 10:45 A=, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» s flying today to palm , do you need=her to bring anythjing please note The info=mation contained in this communicat

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, February 12, 2016 4:09 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
when? 
On Fri, Feb 12, 2016 at 10:57 AM, Eva Dubin 
> wrote: 
I think we have space... Lots of people coming... 
Can she get to the airport..? 
The car is packed... 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 12, =016, at 10:49 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
yes, just landed =, can you give her a ride then? 
On Fri, Feb 12, 2016 at 10:48 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
We are flying as wellmill 
Are you there=7,777
Sent from my iPhone 
wrote: 
On Feb 12, 2016, at 10:45 A=, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
s flying today to palm , do you need=her to bring anythjing 
please note 
The info=mation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney=client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended o=ly for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA_R1_01585020 
EFTA02472887

JEE 
Unauth=rized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part ther=of is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received thi= 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-ma=l or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all cop=es thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please n=te 
The information contained in this communication is 
confident=al, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informatio=, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property=of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communicat=on or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If y=u have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediate=y by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.rom> , and 
destroy this commu=ication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -a=l rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01585021 
EFTA02472888

