# EFTA02680554

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** m; SALSS Program 2012 FINAL.pdf; Untitled attachment 00369.htm Dear Jeffrey, I am sorry I did not call back Yesterday-I was exhausted from a=crazy week and fell asleep as soon as I came home! Anyway, here i= the full program and attendee list attached, this is the Globali=ation Summit I invited Bill Clinton to when I met him in Stockholm last Sum=er- But he is a bit busy I gather! Anyway, hope Greta T=fvesson got hold of you re search service? Also, I did see your mail civ>about possibly coming here end of September-however, I am supposedly arr=nging a fund- raiser for Congress Woman Diana deG

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Barbro C Ehnbom 
Sent: 
Saturday, August 18, 2012 4:11 PM 
To: 
JEEVACATION@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Fwd: Program & Attendee list 
Attachments: 
SALSS Attendee 2012 FINAL v2.pdf; Untitled attachment 00366.htm; SALSS Program 
2012 FINAL.pdf; Untitled attachment 00369.htm 
Dear Jeffrey, 
I am sorry I did not call back Yesterday-I was exhausted from a=crazy week and fell asleep as soon as I came home! 
Anyway, here i= the full program and attendee list attached, this is the Globali=ation Summit I invited Bill Clinton to 
when I met him in Stockholm last Sum=er- But he is a bit busy I gather! 
Anyway, hope Greta T=fvesson got hold of you re search service? Also, I did see your mail civ>about possibly coming 
here end of September-however, I am supposedly arr=nging a fund- raiser for Congress Woman Diana deGette of 
Colorado=on Sept 27 in NYC; she is the only one with a scientific agenda and she is j=st super-if anything I am hoping on 
your involvement? 
How about g=ing to Stockholm mid or end november..albeit a bit dark and maybe cold..?</=iv> Let me know what you 
think! 
Also, I just heard from my fr=end Jeff Kriendler in Miami and guess who was just walking in there -our fr=end Goldsamt! 
First prize for perseverance! 
Also, 
and the prince is on every magazine here, I think it is wonderful! 
Ma=cus has two big concerts in Stockholm this coming week. Me - SALSS! 
KRAM 
BE 
Barbro C. Ehnbom 
Sent f=om iPad 
Vidarebefordrat brev: 
Fran: Cecilia Sch0tt 
Dat=m: August 18, 2012 8:44:29 AM GMT+02:00 
Till: Barbro Ehnbo 
Amn=: Program & Attendee list 
1 
EFTA_R1_01988716 
EFTA02680554

