# EFTA02410322

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Dubai Ruler Stresses U.A.E. Unity|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epstein[jeeproject@yahoo.com] From: Ssulayem Sent: Mon 11/9/2009 5:09:42 PM Subject: Dubai Ruler Stresses U.A.E. Unity Dubai Ruler Stresses U.A.E. Unity By Andrew Critchlow 175 words 9 November 2009 14:02 The Wall Street Journal (Online and Print) WSJO World News English Copyright 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. DUBAI -- Dubai's ruler on Monday stressed unity with the sheikdom's oil-rich neighbor Abu Dhabi amid ongoing concern o

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epstein[jeeproject@yahoo.com] 
From: 
Ssulayem 
Sent: 
Mon 11/9/2009 5:09:42 PM 
Subject: Dubai Ruler Stresses U.A.E. Unity 
Dubai Ruler Stresses U.A.E. Unity 
By Andrew Critchlow 
175 words 
9 November 2009 
14:02 
The Wall Street Journal (Online and Print) 
WSJO 
World News 
English 
Copyright 2009 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. 
DUBAI -- Dubai's ruler on Monday stressed unity with the sheikdom's oil-rich neighbor Abu Dhabi amid 
ongoing concern over its ability to meet its financial commitments. 
In one of his strongest assertions of national unity in the seven member federation of emirates Sheik 
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum said "so to the people of you who nag over Dubai and Abu Dhabi, 
shut up!" 
"There is no Dubai or Abu Dhabi," said Sheik Mohammed, who is also Prime Minister of the United 
Arab Emirates. "We're one country." 
Sheik Mohammed also reaffirmed that the second $10 billion bond that Dubai plans to sell will attract 
interest from investors and be well subscribed. 
He also stressed pride in Dubai for under-fire state companies that are largely blamed for most of its 
$80 billion debt pile. 
"We're proud to have national companies like Emirates (Airline), Dubai World and Nakheel," he 
said. 
Bhoomica Reddy 
Sent from my iPhonc 
EFTA_R1_01471037 
EFTA02410322

