# EFTA00030870 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monda January 11 2021 3:48 PM
- **Subject:** Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Feel free to call me at » >>» On Jan 11, 2021, at 09:48, MMIII=E > >» wrote: >» >» It will be myself or M. >» >» Best, >» >» »»»' < IIIMS> 1/8/2021 2:20 >» PM >>> >» Good afternoon, >» >>> The FBI has very kindly agreed to deliver two new drives from my » office >>> to the MDC for Ghislaine Maxwell on Monday, January 11th. I've cc'd >» Special Agent , who will be coordinating the delivery. » Would >>> you please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the >>> delivery and who will be available to receive the drives on Monday? >>> >» Thank you all very much for your help. >»

### Match 2
> Feel free to call me at » >>» On Jan 11, 2021, at 09:48, MMIII=E > >» wrote: >» >» It will be myself or M. >» >» Best, >» >» »»»' < IIIMS> 1/8/2021 2:20 >» PM >>> >» Good afternoon, >» >>> The FBI has very kindly agreed to deliver two new drives from my » office >>> to the MDC for Ghislaine Maxwell on Monday, January 11th. I've cc'd >» Special Agent , who will be coordinating the delivery. » Would >>> you please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the >>> delivery and who will be available to receive the drives on Monday? >>> >» Thank you all very much for your he

### Match 3
> From: To: " aNIMIE> ' c:a Subject: RE: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11 Date: Mon, 11 Jan 2021 21:32:10 +0000 Thank you! Original Messa e From: a> Sent: Monda January 11 2021 3:48 PM To: aNIMIE> Subject: Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11 No problem and Yes everything went smoothly. > On Jan 11, 2021, at 15:45, wrote: > Tha

### Match 4
> From: To: " aNIMIE> ' c:a Subject: RE: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11 Date: Mon, 11 Jan 2021 21:32:10 +0000 Thank you! Original Messa e From: a> Sent: Monda January 11 2021 3:48 PM To: aNIMIE> Subject: Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11 No problem and Yes everything went smoothly. > On Jan 11, 2021, at 15:45, wrote: > Thank you so much for doing this! Did everything go ok? > Original Messa e > From: > Sent: Monday. January 11 2021 11:49 AM > To: > Cc: (USANYS) > [Contractor] (USANYS) > Subje

### Match 5
> elivery Monday 1/11 No problem and Yes everything went smoothly. > On Jan 11, 2021, at 15:45, wrote: > Thank you so much for doing this! Did everything go ok? > Original Messa e > From: > Sent: Monday. January 11 2021 11:49 AM > To: > Cc: (USANYS) > [Contractor] (USANYS) > Subject: Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11 I'm here in front MDC on 29th Avenue but not totally sure where you would like to meet. Give me a call when you have a chance. > >> On Jan 11, 2021, at 10:54, MMIIMEM > wrote: » Yes, that works for us! >> >>>» ct IMIMI> 1/11/2021 10:47 AM >» >> I will be picking
