# EFTA02406388

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, maxwell, hillary

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Ross Gow|
|To|G G <|
|Sent|Wed Jun 08 10:08:11 2011|
|Subject|Re: Vanity Fair|

---

**[FULL]:** 011 13:49:02 -0400 To: G G < > Cc: Brian Basham mailto Subject: Vanity Fair EFTA_R1_01448330 EFTA02406388 Dear Ghislaine Klein's questions follow, below. If we are to respond, I would advise we stick to written responses rather than engage via 'phone. Klein has form for story-twisting re Hillary Clinton. Written responses at least give us an audit trail of what was said. A lot of this is Mail on Sunday rehash. Klein has our statement, but is offering the chance for further clarification...I get the feeling he's likely to make unflattering assumptions if we don't give him on the record answers

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Gmax <MM.> 
Wednesday, June 8, 2011 2:09 PM 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Re: Vanity Fair 
Do you have a problem with anything I said. 
 
Original Message 
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Gmax 
Sent: Wed Jun 08 10:08:11 2011 
Subject: Re: Vanity Fair 
He wont ad details but you can try 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 8, 2011, at 3:52 PM, GMAX < 
> wrote: 
On 6/8/11 9:49 AM, "1 Jep" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 8, 2011, at 3:42 PM, GMAX <a) 
wrote: 
MY PROPOSED ANS IN CAPS..PLSE COMMENT 
 
Forwarded Message 
From: Ross Gow 
mailto 
Date: Tue, 7 Jun 2011 13:49:02 -0400 
To: G G < 
> 
Cc: Brian Basham 
mailto 
Subject: Vanity Fair 
EFTA_R1_01448330 
EFTA02406388

Dear Ghislaine 
Klein's questions follow, below. If we are to respond, I would advise 
we stick to written responses rather than engage via 'phone. Klein has 
form for story-twisting re Hillary Clinton. Written responses at least 
give us an audit trail of what was said. 
A lot of this is Mail on Sunday rehash. Klein has our statement, but 
is offering the chance for further clarification...I get the feeling 
he's likely to make unflattering assumptions if we don't give him on 
the record answers. 
Please advise on those questions which you feel you more comfortable 
answering. We can head him off at the pass on those and put legal 
frighteners on him elsewhere. 
Just a caveat - we should be aware that there is a chance that 
anything other than fully robust answers might be construed as 
inadvertent admissions of wrongdoing, so we will need legal team to 
advise on precise wording. Do you want me to pass this on to 
Devonshires if you have not already done so...? 
best 
Ross 
Dear Ross, 
Here are some fact-checking questions for Ghislaine Maxwell to comment 
on and answer: 
1. Do Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell share a home in London or 
anywhere else? Do they still see each other? Does Epstein help support 
Ghislaine? Her friends tell me that Ghislaine once loved Epstein. Does 
she still love him? 
MS MAXWELL DOES NO SHARE ANY HOMES WITH MR EPSTEIN. MR EPSTEIN DOES NOT SUPPORT MS 
MAXWELL IN ANYWAY. MS MAXWELL HAD INFACT BEEN IN COMMITTED RELATIONSHIP WITH SOMEONE ELSE FOR THE 
PAST 7 YEARS 
2 
EFTA_R1_01448331 
EFTA02406389

That's it for now. 
I hope that you can arrange for me to speak directly to Ghislaine. 
All the best, 
Ed 
Edward Klein 
1085 Park Avenue 
5A 
New York, NY 10128 
Tel. -
3 
EFTA_R1_01448332 
EFTA02406390

Cell 
Ross Gow 
Managing Partner 
ACUITY Reputation 
23 Berkeley Square 
London W11 6HE 
www.acuityreputation.com «http://www.acuityreputation.com> http://www.acuityreputation.com> < 
<http://www.acuityreputation.com> http://www.acuityreputation.com> 
End of Forwarded Message 
4 
EFTA_R1_01448333 
EFTA02406391

