# EFTA02598324

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|"jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m»|
|Sent||
|Subject|=e:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, November 30, 2014 3:54 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Fwd: Forwarded messag= From Date: Subject: =e: To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m» Cc: <=iv>l am up and going in about 20 mins. Don't worry about me please. I =ill fill you in straight afterwards :) Sent from my iPhone On Nov 30, 2014, at 5:0

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, November 30, 2014 3:54 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
 
Forwarded messag= 
From 
Date: 
Subject: =e: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m» 
Cc: 
<=iv>l am up and going in about 20 mins. Don't worry about me please. I =ill fill you in straight afterwards :) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 30, 2014, at 5:06 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevaca=ion@gmail.com» wrote: 
<=r> 
go to urgent care = as soon as you can . Eva, will be home tonite 
=div class="gmail_extra"> 
On Sun Nov 30. 2=14 at 5:10 A 
Still up coughing, it's just=not letting up. My insides are on fire and I have a six pack 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, m=y be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and=is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or=any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_01784290 
EFTA02598324

and may be unlawful. If you hav= received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately byar>return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communicati=n and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rig=ts reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It =s the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of thi= communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be=unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please noti=y us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> , and des=roy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachment=. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01784291 
EFTA02598325

