# EFTA02374683

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Saturday, March 26, 2016 2:03 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Sent from my iPhone On Mar 26, 2016, at 5:15 AM, jeffrey E. sieevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: what happened? i leave sat at 3 On Sat, Mar 26, 2016 at 12:51 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: When do you leav

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Saturday, March 26, 2016 2:03 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Sent from my iPhone On Mar 26, 2016, at 5:15 AM, jeffrey E. sieevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: what happened? i leave sat at 3 On Sat, Mar 26, 2016 at 12:51 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: When do you leave?? I have to go to Boston tomorrow. got injured in football.. Sent from my iPhone please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Saturday, March 26, 2016 2:03 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 26, 2016, at 5:15 AM, jeffrey E. sieevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
what happened? i leave sat at 3 
On Sat, Mar 26, 2016 at 12:51 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
When do you leave?? 
I have to go to Boston tomorrow. 
got injured in football.. 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01381883 
EFTA02374683

