# EFTA02414516

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Sat Nov 27 05:10:31 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.com[jeeyacationdligmail.com] From: Peggy Siegal Sent Sat 11/27/2010 11:39:29 AM Subject: Re: Andrew Title: Re: Andrew I have NO problem calling her. I said I would. Do you think I should just call Woody directly? Feel him out first and say we are inviting her...or I can just call her and discuss the dinner and at if she and Woody and Soon-Yi want to come. Sony. but what date arc we talking a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeeyacationdligmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Sat 11/27/2010 11:39:29 AM 
Subject: Re: Andrew 
Title: Re: Andrew 
I have NO problem calling her. I said I would. 
Do you think I should just call Woody directly? Feel him out first and say we are inviting her...or I can just call her and 
discuss the dinner and at if she and Woody and Soon-Yi want to come. 
Sony. but what date arc we talking about and at 71st street. 
P 
— Original Message — 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Sat Nov 27 05:10:31 2010 
Subject: 
I think it inappropratc for me to call Lorinda.. for lots of reasons. feel free to do it. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information. and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jmvacation@gmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01477488 
EFTA02414516

