# EFTA02340352

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2012 9:58 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Ok Weare walking at Stanford campus...really amazing here....annoying...l did =ot want to like it.. Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: We

**[FULL]:** azing here....annoying...l did =ot want to like it.. Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 20:45:18 To: Subject: Re: No =0A=orry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone =0A=n Mar 21, 2012, at 7:40 PM, "Eva Dubin " wrote: =OA= That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? = Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry = = Original Message = From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> = Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 = To: = he will do it „ no need to pay Subject: Re: = On Wed, Mar 21, 2012

**[FULL]:** =OA= That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? = Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry = = Original Message = From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> = Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 = To: = he will do it „ no need to pay Subject: Re: = On Wed, Mar 21, 2012 at 6:51 PM, Eva Dubin rote: = Is there any chance I could hire Janusz to drive to the Carribean =esort, outside of Orlando, on Monday? It's 2 hours and 40 minutes from Pal= Beach. = = = = *** ***** ** ****** * ******* *** ******** ************** ***** ***** = The information contained in this communication

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 21, 2012 9:58 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Ok 
Weare walking at Stanford campus...really amazing here....annoying...l did =ot want to like it.. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 20:45:18 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
No 
=0A=orry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone =0A=n Mar 21, 2012, at 7:40 PM, "Eva Dubin " 
wrote: 
=OA= That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? 
= Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry = = 
Original Message 
= From: Jeffrey Epstein 
<jeevacation@gmail.com> = Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 = To: 
= he will do it „ no need to pay 
Subject: Re: 
= On Wed, Mar 21, 2012 at 6:51 PM, Eva Dubin 
rote: 
= Is there any chance I could hire Janusz to drive 
to the Carribean =esort, outside of Orlando, on Monday? It's 2 
hours and 40 minutes from Pal= Beach. = = = 
= 
*** ***** 
** ****** 
* ******* 
*** ******** 
************** 
***** 
***** 
= The information contained in this communication is = confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may = constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for = the use of the addressee. It is the property of = Jeffrey Epstein = 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this = communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited = and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this = communication in error, please notify us immediately by = return e-mail or by e-
mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> , and = destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof, = including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <IDOCTYPE plist 
PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1332367158</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap:Meevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
EFTA_R1_01304943 
EFTA02340352

<key>remote-ick/key> 
<string>212747</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01304944 
EFTA02340353

