# EFTA02576036

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Bob Lieber jmailto|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent|Thursday, October 24, 2013 07:38 AM|
|Subject|Fwd: Renault-Ford joint venture|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, October 24, 2013 12:06 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: Fw: Renault-Ford joint venture not so happy about the BLACK top On Thu, Oct 24, 2013 at 7:53 AM, =arkas, Andrew L. < From: Bob Lieber jmailto Sent: Thursday, October 24, 2013 07:38 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: Renault-Ford joint venture mailto Subject: Fwd: Renault-For

**[WORD]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, October 24, 2013 12:06 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: Fw: Renault-Ford joint venture not so happy about the BLACK top On Thu, Oct 24, 2013 at 7:53 AM, =arkas, Andrew L. < From: Bob Lieber jmailto Sent: Thursday, October 24, 2013 07:38 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: Renault-Ford joint venture mailto Subject: Fwd: Renault-Ford joint venture mailto > wrote: Renault and Ford have joined forces to create the perfect small car for=women. Mixing the Renaul

**[WORD]:** tion@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, October 24, 2013 12:06 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: Fw: Renault-Ford joint venture not so happy about the BLACK top On Thu, Oct 24, 2013 at 7:53 AM, =arkas, Andrew L. < From: Bob Lieber jmailto Sent: Thursday, October 24, 2013 07:38 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: Renault-Ford joint venture mailto Subject: Fwd: Renault-Ford joint venture mailto > wrote: Renault and Ford have joined forces to create the perfect small car for=women. Mixing the Renault 'Clio' and the Ford 'Taurus' they ha=e designed the 'Clitaurus'. It comes in pink, and the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, October 24, 2013 12:06 PM 
To: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Renault-Ford joint venture 
not so happy about the BLACK top 
On Thu, Oct 24, 2013 at 7:53 AM, =arkas, Andrew L. < 
From: Bob Lieber jmailto 
Sent: Thursday, October 24, 2013 07:38 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Subject: Renault-Ford joint venture 
mailto 
Subject: Fwd: Renault-Ford joint venture 
mailto 
> wrote: 
Renault and Ford have joined forces to create the perfect small car for=women. 
Mixing the Renault 'Clio' and the Ford 'Taurus' they ha=e designed the 'Clitaurus'. It comes in 
pink, and the average male car thief won't be able to find it=- let alone turn it on - even if someone tells him where it is 
and how =o do it. 
EFTA_R1_01747864 
EFTA02576036

Rumor has it though, that it leaks transmission fluid once a month, and=can be a real bitch to 
start in the morning! Some have reported that on cold winter morn=ngs you can't get it to turn over. 
New models are initially fun to own, but very costly to maintain, and h=rribly expensive to get 
rid of. Used models may initially appear to have curb appeal and a =ow price, but eventually have an increased appetite 
for fuel, and the curb=weight typically increases with age. Manufacturers are baffled as to how t=e size of the trunk 
increases. 
This model is not expected to reach collector status. Most owners find =t is best to lease one, 
and replace it each year. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary,=privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from dis=losure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the in=ended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reprodu=ing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including any r=liance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message =n error, 
please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (in=luding any attachments) and any copies in their 
entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothi=g contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement= amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC =r any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital=Group LLC or such affiliate. 
The information containe= in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01747865 
EFTA02576037

