# EFTA02418723

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|01 October 2010 11:22|
|Subject|Re: David Rowland|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.comj From: The Duke Sent Fri 10/1/2010 10:38:21 AM Subject RE: David Rowland No he's heading to Miami on Sunday and then up to New York for a dinner on Friday. Back next Saturday. A HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: 01 October 2010 11:22 To: The Duke Subject: Re: David Rowland His bank just might be the place.. I guess i should learn more.. Will dr be in paris anytime soon. On Fri, Oct 1, 2010 at 11:21 AM, The Duke wrote: J, Had a really go

**[FULL]:** t! 1 for you he is actively seeking high net worth individuals for his Private Bank. Perhaps this is an avenue for your undecided Chinese? And he agrees that the concentration should be on who pays whom and when! EFTA_R1_01484175 EFTA02418723 Great to see you hope Paris is fun.... A HRH The Duke of York KG The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.comj 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent 
Fri 10/1/2010 10:38:21 AM 
Subject RE: David Rowland 
No he's heading to Miami on Sunday and then up to New York for a dinner on 
Friday. Back next Saturday. 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: 01 October 2010 11:22 
To: The Duke 
Subject: Re: David Rowland 
His bank just might be the place.. I guess i should learn more.. Will dr be in paris anytime soon. 
On Fri, Oct 1, 2010 at 11:21 AM, The Duke 
wrote: 
J, 
Had a really good dinner with DR last night. He was suitably modest when I told 
him of your compliment! 
1 for you he is actively seeking high net worth individuals for his Private Bank. 
Perhaps this is an avenue for your undecided Chinese? 
And he agrees that the concentration should be on who pays whom and when! 
EFTA_R1_01484175 
EFTA02418723

Great to see you hope Paris is fun.... 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcs‘ acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01484176 
EFTA02418724

