# EFTA02456379

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** ngton=Avenue, 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 <=r>On Jul 15, 2016, at 4:10 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacatio=@gmail.com» wrote: =/div> ok my fau=t On Fr=, Jul 15, 2016 at 4:03 PM, Richard Kahn wrote: i apologize as i was unable to put orders in today as Vahe/ =aniel at DB Andrew at MS and Julie at ML (all 3 STC br=kerage accounts) all were not at desk as i called last 10 minutes of day..=div> please confirm i shall put in orders monday am in STC </=iv> thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 EFTA_R1_01559568 EFTA02456379 On Jul 15, 2016, at

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, July 18, 2016 10:23 AM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: CS & BCS 
yes, wher are we with nautifa boat?Q=A0 dock architect for GSJ. 
On Mon, Jul 18, 2016 at 6:19 AM, Richard Ka=n 
wrote: 
Shall I execute 2 orders of buying =00,000 shares of cs and bcs this morning. Please advise. Thank you. =C24? 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington=Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
<=r>On Jul 15, 2016, at 4:10 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacatio=@gmail.com» wrote: 
=/div> 
ok my fau=t 
On Fr=, Jul 15, 2016 at 4:03 PM, Richard Kahn 
wrote: 
i apologize as i was unable to put orders in today as Vahe/ =aniel at DB Andrew at MS and 
Julie at ML (all 3 STC br=kerage accounts) all were not at desk as i called last 10 minutes of day..=div> 
please confirm i shall put in orders monday am in STC </=iv> 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
EFTA_R1_01559568 
EFTA02456379

On Jul 15, 2016, at 3:53 PM, jeffre= E. <jeevaca=ion@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
no 100k =housand shares at market 1.1 m 
On Fri, Jul 15, 2016 at 3:32 PM, Richar= Kahn 
> wrote: 
confirming i should=buy in stc account approximately 8800 shares of CS (last 
price 11.33) for total cost of 100,000 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
On Jul 15, 2016, at 3:25 PM, jeffre= E. <jeevaca=ion@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
buy 100k credi= suisse for stc. 
4>=AO please note 
The information contained in this commu=ication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
cons=itute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addre=see. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copyi=g of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
a=d may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pl=ase notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, a=d 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all a=tachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01559569 
EFTA02456380

please note 
The in=ormation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorn=y-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended=only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-=ail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , 
and 
destroy this communication and all c=pies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved=br> 
please note 
=he information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be =ttorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is in=ended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEEUnauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any p=rt thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have rece=ved this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
ret=rn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication an= all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights r=served 
please note 
Th= information contained in this communication is 
3 
EFTA_R1_01559570 
EFTA02456381

confidential, may be at=orney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is inte=ded only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
=nauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any par= thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have receiv=d this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retur= e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and a=l copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights rese=ved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01559571 
EFTA02456382

