# EFTA00023661 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Nicole Simmons
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: Nicole Simmons To: rr Cc: Laura Mennin Ann Lundberg <CEverdell@CohenGresser.com>, Jeff Pa liuca Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Date: Thu, 03 Sep 2020 21:56:32 +0000 Attachments: 2020.09.03_Notice_of Appeal-Denial_of Motion_to_Modify_PO.pdf Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg Dear Counsel: At the request of Laura A. Menninger, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Notice of Appeal that has been sent via Overnig

### Match 2
> From: Nicole Simmons To: rr Cc: Laura Mennin Ann Lundberg <CEverdell@CohenGresser.com>, Jeff Pa liuca Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Date: Thu, 03 Sep 2020 21:56:32 +0000 Attachments: 2020.09.03_Notice_of Appeal-Denial_of Motion_to_Modify_PO.pdf Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg Dear Counsel: At the request of Laura A. Menninger, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Notice of Appeal that has been sent via

### Match 3
> >, Jeff Pa liuca Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Date: Thu, 03 Sep 2020 21:56:32 +0000 Attachments: 2020.09.03_Notice_of Appeal-Denial_of Motion_to_Modify_PO.pdf Inline-Images: image00 1 jpg Dear Counsel: At the request of Laura A. Menninger, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Notice of Appeal that has been sent via Overnight Delivery to the SDNY-Clerk for filing. Thank you, Nicole Nicole Simmons Haddon, Morgan and EFTA00023661
