# EFTA02297733

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** h my iphone well =t all, so just using me.com now.. On Dec 28, 2011, at 8:06 AM, Feierstein, Kimberly wrote: > Are you no longer using your gmail account? Want to keep the contacts =p to date. Thanks. > Original Message > From: Sarah K [mailto > Sent: Tuesday, December 27, 2011 6:14 PM > To: Eva Dubin > Cc: Feierstein, Kimberly > Subject: Re: Resume > Great. I will let them know and will see you on Saturday! > On Dec 27, 2011, at 5:26 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: » Saturday at 11am would be great » Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message » From: Sarah K » Date: Tue, 27 Dec 2

**[FULL]:** t? Want to keep the contacts =p to date. Thanks. > Original Message > From: Sarah K [mailto > Sent: Tuesday, December 27, 2011 6:14 PM > To: Eva Dubin > Cc: Feierstein, Kimberly > Subject: Re: Resume > Great. I will let them know and will see you on Saturday! > On Dec 27, 2011, at 5:26 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: » Saturday at 11am would be great » Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message » From: Sarah K » Date: Tue, 27 Dec 2011 20:48:13 » To: ‹ > » Subject: Re: Resume » I spoke to Emilia, the wife.. she says they can meet any weekday =fter 5pm since they both work during t

**[FULL]:** Sarah K » Date: Tue, 27 Dec 2011 20:48:13 » To: ‹ > » Subject: Re: Resume » I spoke to Emilia, the wife.. she says they can meet any weekday =fter 5pm since they both work during the day, or Saturday and Sunday =ny time those 2 days. What would be best for you? » On Dec 27, 2011, at 11:48 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: » Thank you so much. Here is my address. Did you change your last =ame? EFTA_R1_01160701 EFTA02297733 » Subject: Fwd: Resume » From > » Date: Tue, 27 Dec 2011 11:21:53 -0500 » To » Hi Eva, » Here are the resumes of the couple that JE asked if you could =nterview. I met them yesterda

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sarah K 
Sent: 
Wednesday, December 28, 2011 4:02 PM 
To: 
Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: 
Re: Resume 
No„ I'm not using gmail anymore.. it doesn't sync with my iphone well =t all, so just using me.com now.. 
On Dec 28, 2011, at 8:06 AM, Feierstein, Kimberly wrote: 
> Are you no longer using your gmail account? Want to keep the contacts =p to date. Thanks. 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Sarah K [mailto 
> Sent: Tuesday, December 27, 2011 6:14 PM 
> To: Eva Dubin 
> Cc: Feierstein, Kimberly 
> Subject: Re: Resume 
> Great. I will let them know and will see you on Saturday! 
> On Dec 27, 2011, at 5:26 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: 
» Saturday at 11am would be great 
» Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
» From: Sarah K 
» Date: Tue, 27 Dec 2011 20:48:13 
» To: ‹
> 
» Subject: Re: Resume 
» I spoke to Emilia, the wife.. she says they can meet any weekday =fter 5pm since they both work during the day, or 
Saturday and Sunday =ny time those 2 days. What would be best for you? 
» On Dec 27, 2011, at 11:48 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: 
» Thank you so much. Here is my address. Did you change your last =ame? 
EFTA_R1_01160701 
EFTA02297733

» Subject: Fwd: Resume 
» From
> 
» Date: Tue, 27 Dec 2011 11:21:53 -0500 
» To 
» Hi Eva, 
» Here are the resumes of the couple that JE asked if you could =nterview. I met them yesterday and really liked them. I 
will see if =hey can meet in the next few days at your house around 11am. What is =our new address? I would like to be 
there as well to see what sort of =uestions you ask, etc.. 
» Begin forwarded message: 
» From: Janusz Banasiak 
» Date: December 2, 2011 9:45:57 AM EST 
» To: Sarah K 
» Subject: Fwd: Resume 
» Hi Sarah, here are resumes of Romanian couple we have talked about. 
» Begin forwarded message: 
» From: emilia negrea 
» Date: December 1, 20119:19:41 PM EST 
» To: 
» Subject: Resume 
» Reply-To: emilia negrea 
> 
» Dear Janusz, 
» Attached please find the Cover letter along with our resumes. 
» Robert and I want to thank you so much for your help. 
» Best regard 
>> 
>> 
» Emily 
2 
EFTA_R1_01160702 
EFTA02297734

> This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. =t may contain confidential information. If you 
are not the intended =ecipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution =r copying of this e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. =f you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the =ender 
by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any =ttachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//APPle/MTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-sent</key> 
<real>1325088123</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap:/ 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>7904</string> 
<key>subject</key> 
<string>Re: Resume</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
/Sent%20Messages</string> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01160703 
EFTA02297735

