# EFTA02676303

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL, ORG | XRefs: foundation, mit, meeting, melinda

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** as well as humanitarian issues. These include the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), the World Health Organization (WHO), the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF), the Edmond de Rothschild Foundations and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. In the case of fighting epidemics, communication and collaboration amongst various stakeholders is crucial in order to facilitate a systematic approach that is also flexible to new developments. Desired outcomes of the meetings and workshops will be i. Identifying and prioritizi

**[ORG]:** l as humanitarian issues. These include the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC), the World Health Organization (WHO), the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF), the Edmond de Rothschild Foundations and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. In the case of fighting epidemics, communication and collaboration amongst various stakeholders is crucial in order to facilitate a systematic approach that is also flexible to new developments. Desired outcomes of the meetings and workshops will be i. Identifying and prioritizing sho

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

IPI 
NffilINATKINAL 
PIACI 
The Rothschild Conference on Health and Security 
"Peace is a prerequisite for Health" 
(The Ottawa Charter for health Promotion, 21 November 1986) 
I. 
Need for action 
The planet is facing challenges to biological security, including pandemic diseases, resurgent 
diseases, or accidental or deliberately perpetrated outbreaks. Several regions suffer from 
hunger caused by food insecurity or conflict. 
Areas where there is instability and weak governance are particularly vulnerable. This 
development shows the link between instability and disease and highlights the need for 
coordinated action. Therefore, to improve health it is essential to reduce violence and 
promote peace. 
The recent outbreak of Ebola, its rapid spread, and the inability of weak states to cope with 
the epidemic shows that the world urgently needs to find a better way to anticipate and 
respond to such health disasters. 
Furthermore, the unprecedented spread of Ebola demonstrates how dramatically a health 
crisis can become a humanitarian, security and economic crisis. As the epidemic spreads 
exponentially, doubling its death toll every few weeks, it is also affecting local security (like 
rioting), the stability of entire countries (like Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone) as well as 
regions (like West Africa). 
The epidemic has paralyzed health care systems, also causing deaths among patients with 
curable diseases. Latest estimations are predicting that 1.5 million people might be infected 
by the beginning of January 2015. Expected GDP growth rates are reduced by multiple 
percentage points in the region, but the World Bank's Chief economist expects the negative 
economic impact to rather be in the order of billions of dollars. 
In the case of polio the security situation is seen as the biggest barrier to the disease's global 
eradication. New ways to enable mass immunization need to be developed and 
implemented in remote areas which sometimes are not controlled by the central 
government. Diplomacy, strategic coordination and advocacy in combination with a broad 
range of health care services will be the key to access previously inaccessible regions. 
1 
EFTA_R1_01967665 
EFTA02676303

II. 
Project Description, Methodology and Output 
In order to deal with the multidisciplinary nature of public health problems and their 
interdependencies, primary activities will include convening two meetings on Health and 
Security, with a particular focus on Ebola and its implications for global health and security. 
The meetings will bring together political decision makers and high level officials of multi-
lateral organizations with experts from various backgrounds (i.e. historians, sociologists, 
anthropologists, public health specialists, medical doctors, pharmaceutical specialist etc.). 
In the first project phase, IPI will conduct initial research in order to provide briefing 
materials for the participants of the meetings. The research will focus on the security aspect 
of Ebola analyzing how health issues in particular epidemics can destabilize countries and 
regions. 
In the second project phase IPI intends to discuss the following topics in a high level 
meeting in New York and a multi-day workshop in Geneva in the first quarter of 2015 with 
the goal to develop policy recommendations: 
i. 
Historical Overview of Epidemics 
ii. 
Impact and Spread of Epidemics 
iii. 
Case Study: How the Polio Eradication Initiative helped contain Ebola in Nigeria 
iv. 
Preparation: Building resilient health care systems 
v. 
Response: Effectively and quickly deploying measures to deal with health issues 
vi. 
Best practices in management and coordination of multiple stakeholders 
In collaboration with its partners, IPI will then disseminate the output of the meetings and 
publish the recommendations. 
As an Organization focusing on creating impact and achieving results, IPI will, in a third 
project phase, follow up with participants and key decision makers on the progress of policy 
implementation and its consequences. This will involve embarking on an advocacy campaign 
through private and public diplomacy. 
In addition IPI will use its online presence (particularly IPI's global observatory) to reach a 
broader international audience. Finally, the Independent Commission for Multilateralism 
will use the output to present it to all donor countries as recommendation on how to 
effectively deal with the problems of health and security through innovative solutions. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01967666 
EFTA02676304

III. 
IPI's Impact and Value Add 
As an independent international think- and do-tank, IPI is particularly experienced in 
convening key decision makers from the public sector, international organizations and the 
private sector. In particular, IPI will draw on its existing network of contact and long-
standing partnership with key organizations involved in the issue of peace and health as 
well as humanitarian issues. These include the International Committee of the Red Cross 
(ICRC), the World Health Organization (WHO), the Office of the United Nations High 
Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF), the Edmond de 
Rothschild Foundations and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. 
In the case of fighting epidemics, communication and collaboration amongst various 
stakeholders is crucial in order to facilitate a systematic approach that is also flexible to new 
developments. 
Desired outcomes of the meetings and workshops will be 
i. 
Identifying and prioritizing short term tasks and long term development goals in 
fighting Ebola and epidemic diseases in general 
ii. 
Develop framework for collaboration, communication and early warning 
iii. 
Distributing tasks and development goals amongst stakeholders 
iv. 
Developing solutions through policy recommendations and publications 
v. 
Follow-up with key decision makers through a multi-channel approach to ensure the 
implementation of policy recommendations 
The aim is to proactively provide and implement solutions as well as encourage adaptive 
leadership in order to reduce the potential harm caused by conflict and instability, to enable 
policy makers to be better prepared to cope with these crises and to face the challenges of 
the future, save lives and improve wellbeing. 
The International Peace Institute is serving as the secretariat of the Independent 
Commission for Multilateralism (ICM), which was launched in 2014. One of the 15 core 
agenda items of the ICM is finding new ways and approaches to deal with health & security. 
Therefore, the ICM will be a valuable partner in providing an additional platform to host 
discussions (i) for high level decision makers, (ii) for additional outreach and communication 
of key findings and solutions and (iii) to follow up on the implementation of policy 
recommendations. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01967667 
EFTA02676305

IV. 
Budget 
The Rothschild Conference on Health and Security 
BUDGET: December 2014 - December 2015 
EXPENSES 
PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION 
Research, Analysis & Policy Development 
Research & Program staffing 
Research Activities: 
Consulting fees & expenses 
Internship - stipend, expenses 
Books, periodicals, and subscriptions (specific to project) 
Staff traveriaccomodation 
Total Research Activities 
Total Research, Analysis & Policy Development 
Meeting& Events & Dialogue 
Events staffing 
2 High level meetings (accomodation/fiight/etc.) for 20 pax in New York & Geneve 
Events Activities: 
Staff travel/accomodation 
Professional fees (photographer, interpretation): 
Total Events Activities 
Total Meetings, Events & Dialogue 
Publications & Dissemination (print & online} 
Publications staffing 
Publications Activities• 
Publishing & printing 
Freight, delivery & postage (dissemination) 
Miscellaneous / Other (photos) 
Total Publications Activities 
Total Publications & Dissemination 
Proaram Outreach 
Membership dues & conference registration 
Staff traveriaccomodation 
Total Program Outreach 
Total Program Implementation 
448.000 
84.000 
1.000 
20.000
105.000 
553.000 
25.800 
197.900 
52.980 
2.000
54.980 
278.680 
19.500 
10.000 
1.000 
11.000 
30.500 
2.000 
13.000 
15.000 
877.180 
PROGRAM SUPPORT & ADMINISTRATION 
Program Support & Administrative Staffing 
Program & Administrative Operations 
Total Program Support & Administration 
Overhead 
122.805 
TOTAL EXPENSES 
999.985 
4 
EFTA_R1_01967668 
EFTA02676306

