# EFTA02657010

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, March 17, 2017 11:37 AM To: Bill Gates; Larry Cohen this is the time for the giant DAR to replace =he cuts in govt funding. everyone wins. =AO people will have a place to contribute, the poor will=still get beneifts. income redistribution done thoughtfully,=C2 and less money transfered to futrure generations of spoi=ed brats :) ple

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, March 17, 2017 11:37 AM 
To: 
Bill Gates; Larry Cohen 
this is the time for the giant DAR to replace =he cuts in govt funding. 
everyone wins. =AO people will have a place to 
contribute, the poor will=still get beneifts. income redistribution done thoughtfully,=C2 and less money transfered to 
futrure generations of spoi=ed brats :) 
please note 
The infor=ation contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-=lient privileged, may constitute inside 
information, and is intended on=y for the use of the addressee. It is the property of HE Unautho=ized use, disclosure or 
copying of this communication or any part there=f is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received 
this=br>communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mai= or by e-mail to conversation-id 50569 
date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1489750614 flags 8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 696657 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01902963 
EFTA02657010

