# EFTA00031947 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 8

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, October 9, 2020 2:22 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' (USANYS)" <1 To: " (USANYS (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Fri, 09 Oct 2020 18:25:11 +0000 Let's jump on a call right now then. We can use my dial in. From: (USANYS)< > Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:24 PM To: >, (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell Me too. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:23 PM To: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell Same h

### Match 2
> From: ' (USANYS)" <1 To: " (USANYS (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Fri, 09 Oct 2020 18:25:11 +0000 Let's jump on a call right now then. We can use my dial in. From: (USANYS)< > Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:24 PM To: >, (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell Me too. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:23 PM To: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell Same here, thanks. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:22 PM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell (USANYS)C (USANYS) (USANYS) > Yes, I'm available now until 3 or after 4, thanks. Dialing

### Match 3
> ct: RE: Maxwell Date: Fri, 09 Oct 2020 18:25:11 +0000 Let's jump on a call right now then. We can use my dial in. From: (USANYS)< > Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:24 PM To: >, (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell Me too. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:23 PM To: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell Same here, thanks. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:22 PM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell (USANYS)C (USANYS) (USANYS) > Yes, I'm available now until 3 or after 4, thanks. Dialing in now. (USANYS) From: (USANYS)<a Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:22 PM To: ca (USA

### Match 4
> n. From: (USANYS)< > Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:24 PM To: >, (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell Me too. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:23 PM To: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell Same here, thanks. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:22 PM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell (USANYS)C (USANYS) (USANYS) > Yes, I'm available now until 3 or after 4, thanks. Dialing in now. (USANYS) From: (USANYS)<a Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:22 PM To: ca (USANYS) < >; (USANYS) cl l> < Subject: RE: Maxwell just called with an update. Do some/all of you have time for

### Match 5
> ctober 9, 2020 2:22 PM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell (USANYS)C (USANYS) (USANYS) > Yes, I'm available now until 3 or after 4, thanks. Dialing in now. (USANYS) From: (USANYS)<a Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:22 PM To: ca (USANYS) < >; (USANYS) cl l> < Subject: RE: Maxwell just called with an update. Do some/all of you have time for a quick call? I'm free now until 3 or after 4. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:17 AM To: (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell (USANYS) > Thanks very much. EFTA00031947 From: (USANYS) ct > Sent: Friday, October

### Match 6
> Friday, October 9, 2020 2:22 PM To: ca (USANYS) < >; (USANYS) cl l> < Subject: RE: Maxwell just called with an update. Do some/all of you have time for a quick call? I'm free now until 3 or after 4. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:17 AM To: (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell (USANYS) > Thanks very much. EFTA00031947 From: (USANYS) ct > Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:17 AM To: Cc: (USANYS) Subject: FW: Maxwell > (USANYS) Team- both and followed up on the review of images from the Epstein devices and FBI assured us that they will get it done. Please ke

### Match 7
> ve time for a quick call? I'm free now until 3 or after 4. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:17 AM To: (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell (USANYS) > Thanks very much. EFTA00031947 From: (USANYS) ct > Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:17 AM To: Cc: (USANYS) Subject: FW: Maxwell > (USANYS) Team- both and followed up on the review of images from the Epstein devices and FBI assured us that they will get it done. Please keep us posted and let us know if there is anything else we can do to assist. Thanks! From: (USANYS) < Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:10 AM To: (

### Match 8
> ollowed up on the review of images from the Epstein devices and FBI assured us that they will get it done. Please keep us posted and let us know if there is anything else we can do to assist. Thanks! From: (USANYS) < Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:10 AM To: (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: Maxwell > says she'll get right on the CART issue and make sure it gets done. Let me know what happens. Chief, Criminal Division United States Attorney's Office, SDNY EFTA00031948
