# EFTA02323567

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Feierstein, Kimberly; Eva Andersson|
|Sent|Tue Dec 21 17:06:19 2010|
|Subject|=B|

---

**[FULL]:** ess again? From: To: Feierstein, Kimberly Cc: Janusz Banasiak Sent: Tue Dec 21 17:23:59 2010 <=>Subject: Re: PB They should call Janu=z like last time. K n 1 PM =" in, Kimberly" > rote: Hey, so should they call someone when they arrive? Thanks. =/div> From: To: Feierstein, Kimberly; Eva Andersson . Cc: Janusz mappoppeammilipaumm Sent: Tue Dec 21 17:06:19 2010 Subject: =B Hi Eva and Kimberly, It =s fine for Dan and Dana to stay at the Palm Beach staff house from Dec.30=Jan.lst.. Have a great holiday! <=p> EFTA_R1_01238430 EFTA02323567 This e-mail message is intended only for the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Tuesday, December 21, 2010 10:33 PM 
To: 
Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: 
Re: PB 
On Dec 21, 2010, at 02:25 PM, "Feierstein, K=mberly" 
wrote: 
=div> Sorry, can you give=me the address again? 
From: 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Cc: Janusz Banasiak 
Sent: Tue Dec 21 17:23:59 2010 
<=>Subject: Re: PB 
They should call Janu=z like last time. 
K 
n 
1 
PM =" 
in, Kimberly" 
>  rote: 
Hey, so should they call someone when they arrive? Thanks. =/div> 
From: 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly; Eva Andersson 
. 
Cc: Janusz 
mappoppeammilipaumm 
Sent: Tue Dec 21 17:06:19 2010 
Subject: =B 
Hi Eva and Kimberly, 
It =s fine for Dan and Dana to stay at the Palm Beach staff house from Dec.30=Jan.lst.. 
Have a great holiday! 
<=p> 
EFTA_R1_01238430 
EFTA02323567

This e-mail message is intended only for the named reci=ient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. 
If you are not t=e intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, dist=ibution or copying of this e-
mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohi=ited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notif= the 
sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any att=chment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
=p> 
This e-mail message is intended only for the nam=d recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. 
If you ar= not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any disseminatio=, distribution or copying of this e-
mail and any attachment(s) is strictl= prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediatel= notify the 
sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and =ny attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
c=div> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01238431 
EFTA02323568

