# EFTA02578948

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: roberts, royal, queen, york, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Peggy Siegal|
|To||
|Sent|Sunday, January 05, 2014 12:10 PM|
|Subject|St. Barths New Years Eve...2014|

---

**[FULL]:** included famous Belgian Dl David Guetta, who was paid on= million dollars for the night. This fact was verified by Chris Riley. A v=lla for the DJ's family was part of the deal. David Guetta regularly DJs t= 100,000 fans in European stadiums. 2 EFTA_R1_01753039 EFTA02578949 Princess Beatrice, Prince Andrew's daughter, Island royalty Jimmy and his d=ughters Savannah and Delaney and Pat Riley posed for selfies on the dock t=ll 4:00am. Beatrice had no idea who Pat Riley is because nobody plays basketball in En=land. Global sports God Pat knew Beatrice is the Queen's granddaughter. On Barry Diller

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Peggy Siegal < 
Sent: 
Sunday, January 5, 2014 5:35 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Fw: St. Barths New Years Eve...2014 
Here is my report...there is the National Board of Review Awards dinner Tue=day night that Annie Schulhof organizes at 
Cipriani's 42nd St. 
We have a lunch for "12 Years" cast Tuesday too. Wednesday I have nothing,=but will check...Thursday I go to LA for the 
Golden Globes. Will check o= NYC events Monday in the office. 
xoxo Peg 
 
Original Message 
From: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Sunday, January 05, 2014 12:10 PM 
=o: 
Subject: St. Barths New Years Eve...2014 
Just returned last night on art connoisseur Peter Brant's plane...back to r=al/reel life. 
Now for a little fun and laughs. My report from St. Barths on New Years Ev=. 
This was originally sent to my friends I have been playing tennis with for =5 years simply called, "The Tennis Girls"...but I 
have embellished the rep=rt and expanded it to show biz friends. 
A very edited version appeared on Page Six on line and in print too. This =ndless item was originally approved by the 
party hosts, including David Ge=fen and Pat Riley...so enjoy. 
Daily 8:00am tennis work outs with a pro prepared me for four hour lunches =ollowed shortly by yet another meal 
referred to as dinner. 
I always have social anxiety about coming to St. Barth and end up having a=great time. Wise shrink/elegant socialite Dr. 
Samantha Boardman gets me th=u it. 
During the past two weeks I managed to worm my way into lunch on Dasha and=Roman Abramovich's 300 foot "Luna", 
Davis Geffen's 460 foot "Rising Sun", =eon Black's 160 foot "Starfire", Austin Hearst's 70 foot catamaran "Slim" =nd Len 
Blavanik's 250 foot "Odessa II". 
Weather was perfect. Crowd very friendly. I curried favor with the mighty b= illegally/immorally lending my Academy 
dvds shamelessly to celebrities a=d moguls, especially "The Wolf of Wall Street" to Pat Riley, Paul McCartne= and Jimmy 
Buffet. 
Everyone had seen "Gravity" in the theaters, but wanted "American Hustle", =Saving Mr. Banks" and "Her". 
Harvey Weinstein armed me with copies of "Philomena", "The Butler" and "Aug=st: Osage Country". Even though he 
abandoned St. Barths for Gstaad with Va=entino, Madonna and Roman Polanski, Harvey's voice was still was 
omniprese=t. 
EFTA_R1_01753038 
EFTA02578948

This uncut version of shenanigans makes reference to an item Page Six ran t=o weeks ago that St. Barths was "over". 
Here goes... 
St. Barths gave a friendly finger to Turks and Cacos on News Years Eve, aft=r ex-patriots (and Page Six) screamed St. 
Barth's is over. 
Festivities began at Samantha Boardman and Aby Rosen's Flamands Beach house=with fireworks for excited children 
and A-Rod, Larry Gagosian, Vlad Doroni=, Katie-Lee, Robert Downey, Jr., Vito, Lola and Jacquline Schnable with Al=in 
Elkann. 
Dinner hosts art dealer Tico Mugrabi and real estate tycoon Michael Fuchs I=d everyone on Flamands Beach by flashlight 
to the Taiwana Hotel to join Ma=c Jacobs and his pal, bike entrepreneur Lorenzo Martone, Johnny Pigozzi, =al Kilmer, 
artist Richard Prince, White House reporter Jessica Yellin, Don=y Deutch, Tory Burch, Tamara Mellon and Mike Ovitz, 
Jamie Tisch, Lyor Cohe=, Peter Brant, Jr., Brian Grazer, surfer Holly Peterson and Brooke and Dan=Neidich to dinner. 
That afternoon Sir Paul McCartney and Nancy Shevell had lunch at Isle de Fr=nce on Flamands Beach with real estate 
developer Izak Senbahar and wife Sa=ah. 
Izak, a secret and very accomplished bongo player, had invited the McCartne='s to the Taiwana after their New Year's 
family dinner at Maya's. (I also =egged Paul to come.) 
That night at midnight 200 high/happy guests faced the Taiwana beach and ap=lauded the exact repeat of Aby Rosen's 
earlier fireworks. 
Rock n' roll goddess Jane Buffet magically sneaked Paul McCartney into the =otel just in time for him to announce the 
countdown. Recognizing his voice=over the explosions, stunned revelers spun around and went wild. 
Izak immediately pounded on the bongos hypnotically and Sir Paul shockingly=followed on the drums. He is as good as 
Ringo. 
The DJ spun Paul's Wings song "Goodnight Tonight". Our favorite Beatle grab=ed the mike and sang along. (I was 
standing inches away and fainting.) 
The rich and the richer went nuts. Everyone sang at the top of their lungs =nd danced on the tables for an hour. 
Simultaneously, Dasha and Roman Abramovich and Len Blavatnik were celebrati=g in frigid Moscow and Ronald 
Perlman, recovering from back surgery was in=New York City at a neighborhood restaurant. 
Roman and Ronald have had equally cool competing parties for the last three=years creating social stress...which was 
why Page Six mistakenly thought S=. Barths was over this year. 
At 2:30am Tico took Derek Blasberg, Harry Brant and the Senbahars to join J=mmy Buffet, who had been performing his 
annual gig at the Baz Bar in the p=rt. 
Chris and Pat Riley, who were staying on Carnival Cruise and Miami Heat own=rs Madeleine and Mickey Arison's yacht, 
"Sirona" met up with the Buffets =fter celebrating at Nikki Beach where tables cost 100,000 euros. 
Nikki's cover cost included famous Belgian Dl David Guetta, who was paid on= million dollars for the night. This fact was 
verified by Chris Riley. A v=lla for the DJ's family was part of the deal. David Guetta regularly DJs t= 100,000 fans in 
European stadiums. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01753039 
EFTA02578949

Princess Beatrice, Prince Andrew's daughter, Island royalty Jimmy and his d=ughters Savannah and Delaney and Pat Riley 
posed for selfies on the dock t=ll 4:00am. 
Beatrice had no idea who Pat Riley is because nobody plays basketball in En=land. Global sports God Pat knew Beatrice 
is the Queen's granddaughter. 
On Barry Diller's 300 foot sailing yacht, "EOS", ageless Diane von Furstenb=rg celebrated her birthday with a family 
dinner for Kelly and Ron Meyer an= Barbra Streisand and Jim Brolin. 
Floating nearby was David Geffen on his 460 foot, "Rising Sun". He spent a=quiet night with Robbie Robertson, Carol 
Bayer Sager and Jimmy !ovine. 
Lastly, orbiting among the stars were George Lucas and new wife Mellody Hob=on, Stephanie Seymour and Peter Brant, 
Russel Simmons and L.A. Reid wishin= all a Happy New Year until next year in the hotter than ever St. Barths. 
Happy New Year...and welcome back to reality. 
xoxo Peggy 
P.S. Brett Ratner, who was staying on the Australian billionaire Packer's y=cht with Johnny Pigozzi and seen around the 
island all week, oddly had his=press agent notify that he was not in St. Barths. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>278394</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1388943316</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195717</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>377266</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01753040 
EFTA02578950

