# EFTA00020491 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 11

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> TRAFFICKING Drafted By: Date/Time Received: 08/17/2020 03:32 PM EDT Details: On 08/17/2020, at 3:32 p.m. Eastern Time. date of birth cellular telephone numbe home address Maitland, FL 32751, called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report being approached as a minor by Ghislaine Maxwell. provided the following information: Approximately 28 years ago, when was 14 years old, Maxwell approached her about modeling, international travel, and massages. worked at the Jupiter Gym, which is now known as Elite Gym of Palm Beach, FL, and was working out on an elliptical machine when Ma

### Match 2
> TRAFFICKING Drafted By: Date/Time Received: 08/17/2020 03:32 PM EDT Details: On 08/17/2020, at 3:32 p.m. Eastern Time. date of birth cellular telephone numbe home address Maitland, FL 32751, called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report being approached as a minor by Ghislaine Maxwell. provided the following information: Approximately 28 years ago, when was 14 years old, Maxwell approached her about modeling, international travel, and massages. worked at the Jupiter Gym, which is now known as Elite Gym of Palm Beach, FL, and was working out on an elliptical machine

### Match 3
> . Eastern Time. date of birth cellular telephone numbe home address Maitland, FL 32751, called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report being approached as a minor by Ghislaine Maxwell. provided the following information: Approximately 28 years ago, when was 14 years old, Maxwell approached her about modeling, international travel, and massages. worked at the Jupiter Gym, which is now known as Elite Gym of Palm Beach, FL, and was working out on an elliptical machine when Maxwell saw her through a window. Maxwell spoke to the person at the gym's front desk before walking

### Match 4
> ll. provided the following information: Approximately 28 years ago, when was 14 years old, Maxwell approached her about modeling, international travel, and massages. worked at the Jupiter Gym, which is now known as Elite Gym of Palm Beach, FL, and was working out on an elliptical machine when Maxwell saw her through a window. Maxwell spoke to the person at the gym's front desk before walking up to the Caller. Maxwell provided a card to M e and asked if she was a model. said she was 14 when Maxwell asked about her age. As a child, modeled and was involved in pageants, but was told by a mode

### Match 5
> tion: Approximately 28 years ago, when was 14 years old, Maxwell approached her about modeling, international travel, and massages. worked at the Jupiter Gym, which is now known as Elite Gym of Palm Beach, FL, and was working out on an elliptical machine when Maxwell saw her through a window. Maxwell spoke to the person at the gym's front desk before walking up to the Caller. Maxwell provided a card to M e and asked if she was a model. said she was 14 when Maxwell asked about her age. As a child, modeled and was involved in pageants, but was told by a modeling agency she was unable to be a

### Match 6
> ut modeling, international travel, and massages. worked at the Jupiter Gym, which is now known as Elite Gym of Palm Beach, FL, and was working out on an elliptical machine when Maxwell saw her through a window. Maxwell spoke to the person at the gym's front desk before walking up to the Caller. Maxwell provided a card to M e and asked if she was a model. said she was 14 when Maxwell asked about her age. As a child, modeled and was involved in pageants, but was told by a modeling agency she was unable to be a runway model due to a hip defect. When Maxwell offered to help become involved in

### Match 7
> is now known as Elite Gym of Palm Beach, FL, and was working out on an elliptical machine when Maxwell saw her through a window. Maxwell spoke to the person at the gym's front desk before walking up to the Caller. Maxwell provided a card to M e and asked if she was a model. said she was 14 when Maxwell asked about her age. As a child, modeled and was involved in pageants, but was told by a modeling agency she was unable to be a runway model due to a hip defect. When Maxwell offered to help become involved in modeling, including international opportunities, tuned out most of what Maxwell sai

### Match 8
> desk before walking up to the Caller. Maxwell provided a card to M e and asked if she was a model. said she was 14 when Maxwell asked about her age. As a child, modeled and was involved in pageants, but was told by a modeling agency she was unable to be a runway model due to a hip defect. When Maxwell offered to help become involved in modeling, including international opportunities, tuned out most of what Maxwell said. remembered Maxwell mentioned Victoria Secret and massages. never reached out to Maxwell because the offer sounded as if it was mostly based around modeling, which was unab

### Match 9
> hen Maxwell asked about her age. As a child, modeled and was involved in pageants, but was told by a modeling agency she was unable to be a runway model due to a hip defect. When Maxwell offered to help become involved in modeling, including international opportunities, tuned out most of what Maxwell said. remembered Maxwell mentioned Victoria Secret and massages. never reached out to Maxwell because the offer sounded as if it was mostly based around modeling, which was unable to do. UNCLASSIFIED EFTA00020491 UNCLASSIFIED Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/17/2020 .• UNCLASSIFIED 2 EFTA00020492

### Match 10
> r age. As a child, modeled and was involved in pageants, but was told by a modeling agency she was unable to be a runway model due to a hip defect. When Maxwell offered to help become involved in modeling, including international opportunities, tuned out most of what Maxwell said. remembered Maxwell mentioned Victoria Secret and massages. never reached out to Maxwell because the offer sounded as if it was mostly based around modeling, which was unable to do. UNCLASSIFIED EFTA00020491 UNCLASSIFIED Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/17/2020 .• UNCLASSIFIED 2 EFTA00020492
