# EFTA02718512

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. <je=vacation@gmail.com sjavascript:_e(%7=447D;cvmUjeevacation@gmail.com1;»|
|To|Reid Hoffman|
|Sent|Sunday, August 02, 2015 9:57 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** er, the first draft , and the pen. . I really =ppreciate the kind gesture and your friendship. =AO can you give me marks email. ? I suggested to h=m, and you should also join ,the last week in sept is full of interesting =eople in new york, as it is the opening of the UN general assembly, =nd the clinton global initiative. world leaders. finance ministers.=fun dinners lunches etc. I will be at the ranch the rest of the month, come whenev=r you want, bring whomever you please please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may cons

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, August 4, 2015 1:33 AM 
To: 
Reid Hoffman 
Subject: 
Re: 
I like her, you have good taste 
On Monday, August=3, 2015, Reid Hoffman 
> wrote: 
From: jeffrey E. <je=vacation@gmail.com sjavascript:_e(%7=447D;cvmUjeevacation@gmail.com1;» 
Sent: Sunday, August 02, 2015 9:57 PM 
To: Reid Hoffman 
Subject: 
thank you for dinner, the first draft , and the pen. . I really =ppreciate the kind gesture and your friendship. 
=AO can you give me marks email. ? I suggested to h=m, and you should also join ,the last week in sept is full of 
interesting =eople in new york, as it is the opening of the UN general assembly, =nd the clinton global initiative. world 
leaders. finance ministers.=fun dinners lunches etc. 
I will be at the ranch the rest of the month, come whenev=r you want, bring whomever you please 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,icvmr=,leevacation@gmail.corni);> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
EFTA_R1_02170796 
EFTA02718512

The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addresser. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying =f this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and =ay be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and<=r>destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all atta=hments. copyright 
-all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_02170797 
EFTA02718513

