# EFTA00020991 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf®ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf®ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** <1
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Appendix FILED"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> is first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/24/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: APPENDIX, volume 1 of 2, (pp. 1-123), on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/24/2020 by CMIECF.[2938280] [20-3061] Notice will he electronically mailed to: Ms. , Assistant U.S. Attorney: Ty Gee, -: tgee®hmflaw.com, sklipp@hmflaw.com, nsimmons@hmflaw.com, nhickam@hmflaw.com, amacphail@hmflaw.com Adam Mueller, -: amueller@hmflaw.com, sklipp@hrnf

### Match 2
> is first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/24/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: APPENDIX, volume 1 of 2, (pp. 1-123), on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/24/2020 by CMIECF.[2938280] [20-3061] Notice will he electronically mailed to: Ms. , Assistant U.S. Attorney: Ty Gee, -: tgee®hmflaw.com, sklipp@hmflaw.com, nsimmons@hmflaw.com, nhickam@hmflaw.com, amacphail@hmflaw.com Adam Mueller, -: amueller@hmflaw.com, skl

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf®ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf®ca2.uscourts.gov> To: <1 Subject: 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Appendix FILED" Date: Thu, 24 Sep 2020 23:49:28 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electronically, if r

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/24/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: APPENDIX, volume 1 of 2, (pp. 1-123), on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/24/2020 by CMIECF.[2938280] [20-3061] Notice will he electronically mailed to: Ms. , Assistant U.S. Attorney: Ty Gee, -: tgee®hmf
