# EFTA00029816 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 78

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. : 20 Cr. 330 (MN) x MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION UNDER THE DUE PROCESS CLAUSE TO SUPPRESS ALL EVIDENCE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT'S SUBPOENA TO BOIES SCHILLER AND TO DISMISS COUNTS FIVE AND SIX Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGA

### Match 2
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. : 20 Cr. 330 (MN) x MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION UNDER THE DUE PROCESS CLAUSE TO SUPPRESS ALL EVIDENCE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT'S SUBPOENA TO BOIES SCHILLER AND TO DISMISS COUNTS FIVE AND SIX Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. Mark S. Cohen Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESS

### Match 3
> F.2d 565 (2d Ck. 1987) 16 Young v. United States, 481 U.S. 787 (1987) 16 ii EFTA00029818 Other Authorities Norman Mailer, "An Appeal to Lillian Hellman and Mary McCarthy," 5/11/80 New York Times 2 Stephen Rex Brown, Manhattan federal prosecutors declined to pursue Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell case in 2016, New York Daily News (Oct. 13, 2020) 9 Rules Fed. R. Civ. P. 1 12 Constitutional Provisions U.S. CONST. amend. V 15 iii EFTA00029819 TABLE OF EXHIBITS EXHIBIT A: Civil Protective Order EXHIBIT B: Protective Order Proposal EXHIBIT C: Sealed Affirmation and Application, US

### Match 4
> isc. 149 (CM)), 4/9/2019 EXHIBIT G: Sealed Memorandum Decision and Order Granting the Government's Application to Modify the Protective Order (19 Misc. 149 (CM)), 4/9/2019 EXHIBIT H: Sealed Order (19-MC-00179 (SN)), 4/16/2019 EXHIBIT I: Sealed Letter to Judge Netbum, 4/9/2019 iv EFTA00029820 Ghislaine Maxwell moves to suppress all evidence the government obtained from a grand jury subpoena it issued to Boies Schiller Flexner LLP and to dismiss Counts Five and Six, which are the fruits of that unlawful subpoena. INTRODUCTION AND SUMMARY OF THE ARGUMENT Counts Five and Six allege that Maxwell committe

### Match 5
> abused. Some of them were underage. We have the evidence. There's a whole record that's been developed. We can establish beyond any reasonable doubt there was a massive sex trafficking ring going on." Id. Stephen Rex Brown, Manhattan federal prosecutors declined to pursue Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell case in 2016, New York Daily News (Oct. 13, 2020), https://www.nydailynews.cominew-yorlc/ny-jeffrey-epstein-maxwell-case-20201013- jinz117zdrzdgrbbs7yc6bfnszu-stoty.htnal. 8 EFTA00029828 At that time, however, the government did not act. Boles "was particularly frustrated by the failure to pur

### Match 6
> HEN & GRESSER LLP Bobbi C. Stemheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim Attorneys for Chislaine Maxwell 17 EFTA00029837 Certificate of Service I hereby certify that on January 25, 2021, served by email, pursuant Rule 2(B) of the Court's individual practices in criminal cases, the Memorandum of Ghislaine Maxwell in Support of Her Motion Under the Due Process Clause to Suppress All Evidence Obtained from the Government's Subpoena to Boies Schiller and to Dismiss Counts Five And Six upon the following: is U.S. Attorne 's Office, SDNY s/ Christian R. Everdell 18 EFTA00029838

### Match 7
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. : 20 Cr. 330 (MN) x MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION UNDER THE DUE PROCESS CLAUSE TO SUPPRESS ALL EVIDENCE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT'S SUBPOENA TO BOIES SCHILLER AND TO DISMISS COUNTS FIVE AND SIX Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDO

### Match 8
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. : 20 Cr. 330 (MN) x MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION UNDER THE DUE PROCESS CLAUSE TO SUPPRESS ALL EVIDENCE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT'S SUBPOENA TO BOIES SCHILLER AND TO DISMISS COUNTS FIVE AND SIX Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. Mark S. Cohen Christian R. Everdell COHEN

### Match 9
> F.2d 565 (2d Ck. 1987) 16 Young v. United States, 481 U.S. 787 (1987) 16 ii EFTA00029818 Other Authorities Norman Mailer, "An Appeal to Lillian Hellman and Mary McCarthy," 5/11/80 New York Times 2 Stephen Rex Brown, Manhattan federal prosecutors declined to pursue Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell case in 2016, New York Daily News (Oct. 13, 2020) 9 Rules Fed. R. Civ. P. 1 12 Constitutional Provisions U.S. CONST. amend. V 15 iii EFTA00029819 TABLE OF EXHIBITS EXHIBIT A: Civil Protective Order EXHIBIT B: Protective Order Proposal EXHIBIT C: Sealed Affirmation and Applica

### Match 10
> isc. 149 (CM)), 4/9/2019 EXHIBIT G: Sealed Memorandum Decision and Order Granting the Government's Application to Modify the Protective Order (19 Misc. 149 (CM)), 4/9/2019 EXHIBIT H: Sealed Order (19-MC-00179 (SN)), 4/16/2019 EXHIBIT I: Sealed Letter to Judge Netbum, 4/9/2019 iv EFTA00029820 Ghislaine Maxwell moves to suppress all evidence the government obtained from a grand jury subpoena it issued to Boies Schiller Flexner LLP and to dismiss Counts Five and Six, which are the fruits of that unlawful subpoena. INTRODUCTION AND SUMMARY OF THE ARGUMENT Counts Five and Six allege that Maxwell
