# EFTA00020699 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** Peter Skinner
- **Sent:** Monday, April 15, 2019 7:49 PM
- **Subject:** RE: legal process, regarding In re

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: Sandra Perkins To: Cc: Si v. Maxwell, 15 Civ. 7433 Peter Skinner Subject: RE: legal process, regarding In re Date: Thu, 18 Apr 2019 21:01:17 +0000 Attachments: 2019-04-1 8_G.I_Subpoena_ResponseiSealed_Order,_19_M ise._1 49).pd f On behalf of attorney, Peter Skinner, please see the attached correspondence. In addition, I will be

### Match 2
> em. Please feel free to contact me should you have any difficulty accessing the materials. Sandra Perkins Case Manager BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP From: Sent: Monday, April 15, 2019 7:49 PM To: Peter Skinner Cc: Si rid McCawlev Sandra Perkins Subject: RE: legal process, regarding In re v. Maxwell, 15 Civ. 7433 Mr. Skinner, In connection with the rand iury subpoena (the "Subpoena") directed to Boies Schiller Flexner LLP ("BSF"), in connection with the case captioned v. Maxwell, 15 Civ. 7433 (RWS), in the Southern District of New York, served on February 5, 2019, attached please find a s

### Match 3
> 7:49 PM To: Peter Skinner Cc: Si rid McCawlev Sandra Perkins Subject: RE: legal process, regarding In re v. Maxwell, 15 Civ. 7433 Mr. Skinner, In connection with the rand iury subpoena (the "Subpoena") directed to Boies Schiller Flexner LLP ("BSF"), in connection with the case captioned v. Maxwell, 15 Civ. 7433 (RWS), in the Southern District of New York, served on February 5, 2019, attached please find a sealed order (the "Order") granting permission to BSF to comply with the Subpoena through the production of discovery materials marked "CONFIDENTIAL" pursuant to the protective order in t
