# EFTA02511629

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL, WORD, ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** nd me the latest draft =span> On Sun, Feb 1, 2015 at 3:36 PM, Michae= Wolff > wrote: Here's what I have on this po=nt now re Gates Foundation. Add whatever you can to it, and I'll try a=ain. It's an important enough point, on reconsideration, that it doesn=#39;t have to be that simple. "It is Bill Gates wh= at the end of the summer began prodding Epstein to begin a process of public rehabilitati=n. Epstein has been advising Gates on a new way to increase the clout of the G=tes Foundation by adding a constallation of other chartiable funds that would b= bundled with the Gates operation." EFTA_R

**[ORG]:** c= 3. music as a means to reverse engineer the brain, 4 mysteries of s=eep. 66th st studio 54 days,. i already liv=d in the penthouse. luxury was not recent. can you s=nd me the latest draft =span> On Sun, Feb 1, 2015 at 3:36 PM, Michae= Wolff > wrote: Here's what I have on this po=nt now re Gates Foundation. Add whatever you can to it, and I'll try a=ain. It's an important enough point, on reconsideration, that it doesn=#39;t have to be that simple. "It is Bill Gates wh= at the end of the summer began prodding Epstein to begin a process of public rehabilitati=n. Epstein has been advising Gate

**[WORD]:** Foundation. Add whatever you can to it, and I'll try a=ain. It's an important enough point, on reconsideration, that it doesn=#39;t have to be that simple. "It is Bill Gates wh= at the end of the summer began prodding Epstein to begin a process of public rehabilitati=n. Epstein has been advising Gates on a new way to increase the clout of the G=tes Foundation by adding a constallation of other chartiable funds that would b= bundled with the Gates operation." EFTA_R1_01644060 EFTA02511629 please note The in=ormation contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorn=y-client pri

**[WORD]:** simple. "It is Bill Gates wh= at the end of the summer began prodding Epstein to begin a process of public rehabilitati=n. Epstein has been advising Gates on a new way to increase the clout of the G=tes Foundation by adding a constallation of other chartiable funds that would b= bundled with the Gates operation." EFTA_R1_01644060 EFTA02511629 please note The in=ormation contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorn=y-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended=only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unau=horized use, disclo

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, February 1, 2015 11:30 PM 
To: 
Michael Wolff 
Subject: 
Re: take a look at this graph... 
a fund that allows people to donate the money to the gates=foundation and share its expertise.and direct where their 
money goes. 
<=div> 
On Sun, Feb =, 2015 at 6:26 PM, Michael Wolff 
&g=; wrote: 
A donor=advised fund is too technical, unless you can unwrap that. Is my descripti=n off or in the vicinity? 
On Sun, Feb 1, 2015 at 5:39 PM, jeffrey E. <jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
=div dir="ltr"> 
by adding a donor advised fund. =C2 where the foundations expertise could be used by others that 
w=uld like to partner with gates. 
science funding =or . 1 decoding biological signals. 2. synthetic general intelligenc= 3. music as a means 
to reverse engineer the brain, 4 mysteries of s=eep. 
66th st studio 54 days,. i already liv=d in the penthouse. luxury was not recent. 
can you s=nd me the latest draft 
=span> 
On Sun, Feb 1, 2015 at 3:36 PM, Michae= Wolff 
> wrote: 
Here's what I have on this po=nt now re Gates Foundation. Add whatever you can to it, and I'll try a=ain. 
It's an important enough point, on reconsideration, that it doesn=#39;t have to be that simple. 
"It is Bill Gates wh= at the end of the summer began prodding Epstein to begin a process of public 
rehabilitati=n. Epstein has been advising Gates on a new way to increase the clout of the G=tes Foundation by adding a 
constallation of other chartiable funds that would b= bundled with the Gates operation." 
EFTA_R1_01644060 
EFTA02511629

please note 
The in=ormation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorn=y-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended=only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-=ail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all c=pies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved=br> 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_M_01644061 
EFTA02511630

