# EFTA00029807 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> those who enabled his hideous conduct would not end. And it has not. Epstein's suicide could not extinguish the voices or resolve of his victims, he only emboldened them. Rather than let him have the final word, they chose to speak. Loudly. And with their help, I am announcing the indictment of Ghislaine Maxwell, for [enumerate charges and detail her conduct] for her alleged connection to the sex crimes of Jeffrey Epstein. This case has been attention-getting and polarizing for so many reasons, the least of which is that the victims of Epstein and Maxwell refuse to remain in the shadows, and their coura

### Match 2
> those who enabled his hideous conduct would not end. And it has not. Epstein's suicide could not extinguish the voices or resolve of his victims, he only emboldened them. Rather than let him have the final word, they chose to speak. Loudly. And with their help, I am announcing the indictment of Ghislaine Maxwell, for [enumerate charges and detail her conduct] for her alleged connection to the sex crimes of Jeffrey Epstein. This case has been attention-getting and polarizing for so many reasons, the least of which is that the victims of Epstein and Maxwell refuse to remain in the shadows, and the

### Match 3
> lp, I am announcing the indictment of Ghislaine Maxwell, for [enumerate charges and detail her conduct] for her alleged connection to the sex crimes of Jeffrey Epstein. This case has been attention-getting and polarizing for so many reasons, the least of which is that the victims of Epstein and Maxwell refuse to remain in the shadows, and their courage and determination have been critical in bringing today's charges. These women have found their voice and I hope serve as examples for other victims of abuse to come forward. Your voices are being heard and you no longer need to remain in the sha
