# EFTA02707107

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** jpg; Untitled attachment 000S9jpg Couldn't resist When do u get to nyc I forgot what you look like!!! The Science of Poli=ics. So I told my son &q=ot;l want you to marry a girl of my choice!" He said "NOI&cpot; I told him its BilI=Gates daughter!!!! He said "OKAY!=quot; Got in contact with=Bill Gates & told him "I want your daughter to marry my son!"= EFTA_R1_02104088 EFTA02707107 He said "NOI&q=ot; Told him my son was=the CEO of the World Bank! He said "OKAY!=quot; Went to the Preside=t of the World Bank & told him to make my son CEO of the Bank!<=pan style="font-family:"Helvetica","san

**[FULL]:** 2104088 EFTA02707107 He said "NOI&q=ot; Told him my son was=the CEO of the World Bank! He said "OKAY!=quot; Went to the Preside=t of the World Bank & told him to make my son CEO of the Bank!<=pan style="font-family:"Helvetica","sans-serir;colo=:black"> He said "NO!&q=ot; Told him my son was=Bill Gates Son in Law! He said "OKAY!=quot; *That's Exactly h=w Politics works....* 2 EFTA_R1_02104089 EFTA02707108

**[WORD]:** 0jpg; Untitled attachment 000S3jpg; Untitled attachment 00056.jpg; Untitled attachment 000S9jpg Couldn't resist When do u get to nyc I forgot what you look like!!! The Science of Poli=ics. So I told my son &q=ot;l want you to marry a girl of my choice!" He said "NOI&cpot; I told him its BilI=Gates daughter!!!! He said "OKAY!=quot; Got in contact with=Bill Gates & told him "I want your daughter to marry my son!"= EFTA_R1_02104088 EFTA02707107 He said "NOI&q=ot; Told him my son was=the CEO of the World Bank! He said "OKAY!=quot; Went to the Preside=t of the World Bank & told him to mak

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Faith Kates 
Sent: 
Monday, May 23, 2016 10:43 AM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Fwd: The Science of Politics 
Attachments: 
Untitled attachment 00044jpg; Untitled attachment 00047jpg; Untitled attachment 
00050jpg; Untitled attachment 000S3jpg; Untitled attachment 00056.jpg; Untitled 
attachment 000S9jpg 
Couldn't resist 
When do u get to nyc I forgot what you look like!!! 
The Science of Poli=ics. 
So I told my son &q=ot;l want you to marry a girl of my choice!" 
He said "NOI&cpot; 
I told him its BilI=Gates daughter!!!! 
He said "OKAY!=quot; 
Got in contact with=Bill Gates & told him "I want your daughter to marry my son!"= 
EFTA_R1_02104088 
EFTA02707107

He said "NOI&q=ot; 
Told him my son was=the CEO of the World Bank! 
He said "OKAY!=quot; 
Went to the Preside=t of the World Bank & told him to make my son CEO of the 
Bank!<=pan style="font-family:"Helvetica","sans-serir;colo=:black"> 
He said "NO!&q=ot; 
Told him my son was=Bill Gates Son in Law! 
He said "OKAY!=quot; 
*That's Exactly h=w Politics works....* 
2 
EFTA_R1_02104089 
EFTA02707108

