# EFTA02335340

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: ghislaine, royal

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|G. Max alt;|
|To|Dorman, David, EXEC) & t;|
|Sent|Wed May 26 16:11:20 2004<br>|
|Subject|Re:<br>|

---

**[WORD]:** e it may not happen +++++ won't be cheap seats when the guest of honor comes over to say hi!<br> <br> G<br> At 04:01 PM 4/26/2004 -0500, you wrote:<br> <blockquote type=cite class=cite cite>Thanks for following up...will in UK thursday- sunday &guot;golfing and drinking wine&guot;.&nbsp; With Andrew 1 May at Royal Liverpool.... Or I should say he will be the guest of honor and I will be in cheap seats!<br> <br> <br> To: Dorman, David, EXEC) & t; From: G. Max alt; Original Mes > Sent: Wed May 26 16:11:20 2004<br> Subject: Re:<br> <br> Ok, I just want to resend everything again to

**[WORD]:** 1 May at Royal Liverpool.... Or I should say he will be the guest of honor and I will be in cheap seats!<br> <br> <br> To: Dorman, David, EXEC) & t; From: G. Max alt; Original Mes > Sent: Wed May 26 16:11:20 2004<br> Subject: Re:<br> <br> Ok, I just want to resend everything again to Andrew ( I am not at the <br> computer that has the info) so that there is no excuse!<br> <br> G<br> At 03:55 PM 4/26/2004 -0500, you wrote:<br> &gt;Will do when I get to PC Thanks again<br> &gt;<br> Sgt; Original Mes &gt;From: G. Max alt; <br> &gt;To: Dorman, David, EXEO alt; <br> &gt;Sent:

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Sat 1/1/4501 5:00:00 AM 
Subject: 
Re: 
vex 
<html> 
Have a wonderful time&nbsp; + Plse when you get a chance a full report! +++ do 
not forget to send the pics - otherwise it may not happen +++++ won't be cheap 
seats when the guest of honor comes over to say hi!<br> 
<br> 
G<br> 
At 04:01 PM 4/26/2004 -0500, you wrote:<br> 
<blockquote type=cite class=cite cite>Thanks for following up...will in UK 
thursday- sunday &guot;golfing and drinking wine&guot;.&nbsp; With Andrew 1 May 
at Royal Liverpool.... Or I should say he will be the guest of honor and I will 
be in cheap seats!<br> 
<br> 
<br> 
To: Dorman, David, EXEC) & t; 
From: G. Max alt; 
 
Original Mes 
> 
Sent: Wed May 26 16:11:20 2004<br> 
Subject: Re:<br> 
<br> 
Ok, I just want to resend everything again to Andrew ( I am not at the <br> 
computer that has the info) so that there is no excuse!<br> 
<br> 
G<br> 
At 03:55 PM 4/26/2004 -0500, you wrote:<br> 
&gt;Will do when I get to PC Thanks again<br> 
&gt;<br> 
Sgt; 
Original Mes 
&gt;From: G. Max alt; 
<br> 
&gt;To: Dorman, David, EXEO alt; 
<br> 
&gt;Sent: Wed May 26 16:07:42 2004<br> 
&gt;Subject:<br> 
&gt;<br> 
&gt; Dear David<br> 
agt;Can you Plse re send me the photos of you and Carlos + the date of the<br> 
&gt;dinner again<br> 
&gt;Thx<br> 
act:Hope all is well -<br> 
&gt;<br> 
&gt;Ghislaine</blockguote></html> 
EFTA_R1_01282554 
EFTA02335340

