# EFTA02414147

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevaCiation@rgmailicom]|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|27 November 2010 12:31|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** AM Subject RE: Thank you. I understand that our offices have been in touch and all is arranged. Just one last question from me: what sort of clothes will I need to bring? ie will I need to bring something for the heat in case we go south or will it all be in NY so therefore COLD. A HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevaCiation@rgmailicom] Sent: 27 November 2010 12:31 To: The Duke Subject: I have set aside a car and driver for your use for the week . **************************************************msn The information contained in this communication is confidential, m

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent 
Sun 11/28/2010 11:09:34 AM 
Subject 
RE: 
Thank you. I understand that our offices have been in touch and all is arranged. 
Just one last question from me: what sort of clothes will I need to bring? ie will I 
need to bring something for the heat in case we go south or will it all be in NY so 
therefore COLD. 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevaCiation@rgmailicom] 
Sent: 27 November 2010 12:31 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
I have set aside a car and driver for your use for the week . 
**************************************************msn 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to iccvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01477042 
EFTA02414147

