# EFTA00027167 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Laura Menninger
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, April 22, 2021 11:22 AM
- **Subject:** FW: US v. Maxwell - [Request for 120 or 180-day Adjournment of Trial)

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> *; Nicole Simmons ; Jeff Pagliuca 'Bobbi Sternheim Subject: US v. Maxwell - [Request for 120 or 180-day Adjournment of Trial] Judge Nathan - Pursuant to this Court's Order of April 20, 2021 (Dkt. 221), attached please find counsel's Letter Motion for an Adjournment of the trial. Counsel for Ms. Maxwell request redaction of their other clients' names and case numbers from this Letter Motion pursuant to Rule of Professional Conduct 1.6 which prohibits lawyers from revealing confidential information related to a client even where that information is publicly available. See In Re. Anonymous, 654 N.

### Match 2
> From: ' < To: '.=1.1116 >< I>, " SUsilYS" (USANYS)" Cc: 'MEr> SANYS" Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - [Request for 120 or 180-day Adjournment of Trial] Date: Thu, 22 Apr 2021 17:32:25 +0000 Attachments: 2021-04-22_Govtletter_re_GM_requestfor adjoumment_v3.docx Draft response attached. From: Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 12:14 PM To: (USANYS) O; (USANYS) < Cc: (USANYS) Subject: FW: US

### Match 3
> [Request for 120 or 180-day Adjournment of Trial] Date: Thu, 22 Apr 2021 17:32:25 +0000 Attachments: 2021-04-22_Govtletter_re_GM_requestfor adjoumment_v3.docx Draft response attached. From: Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 12:14 PM To: (USANYS) O; (USANYS) < Cc: (USANYS) Subject: FW: US v. Maxwell - [Request for 120 or 180-day Adjournment of Trial) FYI. Our response is due at 5 today. From: Laura Menninger Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 11:22 AM To: Cc: (USANYS) 4 *; Nicole Simmons ; Jeff Pagliuca 'Bobbi Sternheim Subject: US v. Maxwell - [Request for 120 or 180-day Adjournment of T

### Match 4
> (USANYS) < Cc: (USANYS) Subject: FW: US v. Maxwell - [Request for 120 or 180-day Adjournment of Trial) FYI. Our response is due at 5 today. From: Laura Menninger Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 11:22 AM To: Cc: (USANYS) 4 *; Nicole Simmons ; Jeff Pagliuca 'Bobbi Sternheim Subject: US v. Maxwell - [Request for 120 or 180-day Adjournment of Trial] Judge Nathan - Pursuant to this Court's Order of April 20, 2021 (Dkt. 221), attached please find counsel's Letter Motion for an Adjournment of the trial. Counsel for Ms. Maxwell request redaction of their other clients' names and case numbers
