# EFTA02333021

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Gmax <|
|To|Tiffany Dubin|
|Sent|Sat Oct 09 14:29:09 2004|
|Subject|RE:|

---

**[WORD]:** do lunch tommorow? Xo Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld —Original Message— From: Gmax < To: Tiffany Dubi Sent: Sun Oct 10 17:30:15 2004 Subject: Re: Am back in NY - what are your plans - want to do a lunch/tea/dinner thing - let me know what works —Original Message---- From: "Tiffany Dubin" Date: Sat. 9 Oct 2004 15:56:52 To: Subject: Re: Xoxo I look forward to it Sent from my BlackBeny Wireless Handheld Messa e— From: Gmax < To: Tiffany Dubin Sent: Sat Oct 09 14:29:09 2004 Subject: RE: Little one, I am perfect when you arc in a funk - that's why they call me funky..:) I wil

**[WORD]:** Am back in NY - what are your plans - want to do a lunch/tea/dinner thing - let me know what works —Original Message---- From: "Tiffany Dubin" Date: Sat. 9 Oct 2004 15:56:52 To: Subject: Re: Xoxo I look forward to it Sent from my BlackBeny Wireless Handheld Messa e— From: Gmax < To: Tiffany Dubin Sent: Sat Oct 09 14:29:09 2004 Subject: RE: Little one, I am perfect when you arc in a funk - that's why they call me funky..:) I will be in nY next and would really love to get together -1" e mail you MOnday to see what we can plan Kisses G ----Original Message— From: Tiffany Dubin Sent: O

**[WORD]:** Tiffany Dubin Sent: Sat Oct 09 14:29:09 2004 Subject: RE: Little one, I am perfect when you arc in a funk - that's why they call me funky..:) I will be in nY next and would really love to get together -1" e mail you MOnday to see what we can plan Kisses G ----Original Message— From: Tiffany Dubin Sent: Oct 8, 2004 1:13111 To: Subject: t: Hi stranger, I'm sorry I haven't responded sooner. I've been hind of in a funk and not very good about communicating when I get that way. I was so happy to see you at Sunday nails and would love to get together when you have some down time. Xooxox

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject Re: 
'any Nunn 
Title: Re: 
Mon 10/11/2004 12:42:53 AM 
Am around. Any chance you want to do lunch tommorow? Xo 
Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld 
—Original Message—
From: Gmax < 
To: Tiffany Dubi 
Sent: Sun Oct 10 17:30:15 2004 
Subject: Re: 
Am back in NY - what are your plans - want to do a lunch/tea/dinner thing - let me know what works 
—Original Message----
From: "Tiffany Dubin" 
Date: Sat. 9 Oct 2004 15:56:52 
To:
Subject: Re: 
Xoxo I look forward to it 
Sent from my BlackBeny Wireless Handheld 
Messa e—
From: Gmax < 
To: Tiffany Dubin 
Sent: Sat Oct 09 14:29:09 2004 
Subject: RE: 
Little one, I am perfect when you arc in a funk - that's why they call me funky..:) 
I will be in nY next and would really love to get together -1" e mail you MOnday to see what we can plan 
Kisses 
G 
----Original Message—
From: Tiffany Dubin 
Sent: Oct 8, 2004 1:13111 
To: 
Subject: 
t: 
Hi stranger, 
I'm sorry I haven't responded sooner. I've been hind of in a funk and 
not very good about communicating when I get that way. I was so happy 
to see you at Sunday nails and would love to get together when you have 
some down time. Xooxox Tiff 
—Original Message—
From: Gmax [mailro. 
Sent: Sunda . S tem 
19 004 6:17
To: 
Subject: 
EFTA_R1_0 1279369 
EFTA02333021

Hi little one great to see you 
EFTA_R1_01279370 
EFTA02333022

