# EFTA02495870

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, July 14, 2015 5:43 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: is erica peltz perrys daughter On Tue, Jul 14, 2015 at =1:40 AM, Eva Dubin < Lesley, Can you=reach out directly to Erica Peltz head of VIP for the hospital. =he was on the previous email I sent you. > wrote: Sent from my iPhone <=iv> On Jul 14, 2015, at 4:29 PM, jeffrey E. <

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, July 14, 2015 5:43 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: is erica peltz perrys daughter On Tue, Jul 14, 2015 at =1:40 AM, Eva Dubin < Lesley, Can you=reach out directly to Erica Peltz head of VIP for the hospital. =he was on the previous email I sent you. > wrote: Sent from my iPhone <=iv> On Jul 14, 2015, at 4:29 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com» wrote: can we set the a=pt for rothsch

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 5:43 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
is erica peltz perrys daughter 
On Tue, Jul 14, 2015 at =1:40 AM, Eva Dubin < 
Lesley, 
Can you=reach out directly to Erica Peltz head of VIP for the hospital. 
=he was on the previous email I sent you. 
> wrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
<=iv> 
On Jul 14, 2015, at 4:29 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com» wrote: 
can we set the a=pt for rothschild either the 20 or the 21. st. at =ountsinai 
=AO 
please note 
The information conta=ned in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privi=eged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
th= use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, d=sclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strict=y prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communic=tion in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-ma=l to jeevacatio=@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof,<=r>including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div>--
=C2 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01620022 
EFTA02495870

The information containe= in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the u=e of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disc=osure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly =rohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communicati=n in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail =o 
jeevacation@g=ail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01620023 
EFTA02495871

