# EFTA02428536

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Eva Dubinaa|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffre E tein 'eevacationegmaileom] From: Sent Sun 3/21/2010 2:18:26 PM Subject Re: Yay!!! I'm excited. Is it in Miami? Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sun, 21 Mar 2010 09:27:46 -0400 To: Eva Dubinaa Subject: photo shoot set up .. it will be fun The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, d

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffre E tein 'eevacationegmaileom] 
From: 
Sent 
Sun 3/21/2010 2:18:26 PM 
Subject Re: 
Yay!!! I'm excited. Is it in Miami? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 21 Mar 2010 09:27:46 -0400 
To: Eva Dubinaa 
Subject: 
photo shoot set up .. it will be fun 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01498016 
EFTA02428536

