# EFTA00031589 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 12

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 'Laura Menninger' <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>;
- **Sent:** Tuesday, March 16, 2021 6:40 PM
- **Subject:** RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: " To: a ( (JSANYS) [Contractor]" ((JSANYS) [Contractor]" < Cc: " "=, (USANYS)" Subject: FW: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Date: Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:40:38 +0000 Attachments: 2021.03.16_Maxwell_Discovery_Letter.pdf; SDNY GM 02743101_[CONFIDENTIAL].xlsx; SDNY GM 02743102_[CONFIDENTIAL].xlsx Inline-Images: image001.jpg FYI From:

### Match 2
> 16, 2021 6:40 PM To: 'Laura Menninger' <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>; I < >; (USANYS) < M> Cc: 'Jeff Pagliuca' <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>; 'Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com)' <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes All, Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI's custody, as well as a corresponding discovery cover letter. We are sending a copy of these files to the MDC for your clie

### Match 3
> ent: Monday, March 15, 2021 6:00 PM To: 'Laura Menninger' <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>; (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Laura, I expect to be able to answer all of your questions about the evidence review by tomorrow. We have been looking into the discovery request you made last week, and we hope to have a response ready to provi

### Match 4
> Laura Menninger elmenningerPhmflaw.com> Sent: Monday, March 15, 2021 3:01 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Now that the FBI team is back, when do you expect to have answers to all of the questions posed? If I had an idea of when you would have answers, it could help me answer your question. At a minimum, it would not

### Match 5
> Sent: Friday, March 12, 2021 11:44 AM To: Laura Menninger <ImenningeShmflaw.com>: (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Counsel, The FBI team on this case has been out of the office this week and will not be able to answer all of the questions you asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Please

### Match 6
> t: Tuesday, March 9, 20214:56 PM To: Laura Menninger <ImenningeShmflaw.com>; aa; (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes That is the only excel spreadsheet indexing physical evidence that we have produced in discovery. That spreadsheet does not include every physical item currently in the FBI's custody related to this case. For exa

### Match 7
> er <Imenningetj@hmflaw.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 20213:44 PM To: ) -)c>; (USANYS) ‹ > Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Thank you. Is that the only index of physical evidence available? Laura A. Menninger I Partner Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 +1 303 831 7364 (Office) Imenninger@hmflaw.c

### Match 8
> : Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 20211:38 PM To: Laura Menninger <ImenningeShmflaw.com>; (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaCahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresseccom>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes II Counsel, In advance of our call tomorrow, I wanted to send a copy of the attached index of physical items in FBI custody from the FBI-Miami office, which we previously produced to you as part of our August 2

### Match 9
> ent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 2:03 PM To: 'Laura Menninger' <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>• (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>: Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Yes, that works for us, thank you very much. We can use the below dial-in: Dial-in: Code: Best, From: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 11:19 AM To: ) ) (USANYS) Cc: Jeff

### Match 10
> Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 11:19 AM To: ) ) (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca(ahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Good morning, We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET/ 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please suggest another later time if not. Thank you, Laura Laura A. Menninger I Partne
