# EFTA02505358

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** d Kahn Subject: Re: Brad let me get back to you early next week, tax time now=br> On Mon,=Apr 13, 2015 at 3:30 PM, Richard Kahn wrote: shall i respond? if so please advise <=iv>btw - he was very unimpressive and has done nothing for that office in =is 4.5 months (never met property manager Andrew...) =div> Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 tel fax cell Begin forwarded message: margin-bottom:0px;margin-left:=px">From: Brad Wechs=er =b>To: Richard Kahn > Subject: =b>Date: April 10, 2015 at 4:05:56 PM EDT Reply-To: Br=d Wechsler < > Thx rich; any chance=you are

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, April 13, 2015 7:49 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: Brad 
let me get back to you early next week, tax time now=br> 
On Mon,=Apr 13, 2015 at 3:30 PM, Richard Kahn 
wrote: 
shall i respond? 
if so please advise 
<=iv>btw - he was very unimpressive and has done nothing for that office in =is 4.5 months 
(never met property manager Andrew...) 
=div> 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
margin-bottom:0px;margin-left:=px">From: Brad Wechs=er 
=b>To: Richard Kahn
> 
Subject: 
=b>Date: April 10, 2015 at 4:05:56 PM EDT 
Reply-To: Br=d Wechsler <
> 
Thx rich; any chance=you are free for lunch 4/21,23 or 24? 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless Bla=kBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Richard Kahn < 
EFTA_R1_01635277 
EFTA02505358

Date: Fri, 10 Apr 2111.11a 
To: Brad Wechsler 
Subject: Re: Availability 
it was nice meeting you today=br>attached is my contact info 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 100=2 
tel 
fa 
7, 2015, at 8:34 AM, Brad Wechsler 8st 
> wrote: 
Rich (1): is there any way samantha (o= you and samantha) can go over to rich k's office today at 
a some conv=nient time? 
 
Original Message 
From: Richard Joslin 
To:=Richard Kahn 
Cc: Brad Wechsler 
Subject: RE: Availability 
Sent: Ma= 27, 2015 4:39 AM 
Candidate is not available Monday. She will=be in NJ (satellite office). 
 
Original Message 
F=om: Richard Kahn Imailto:richardkahn12@gmailcomj 
Sent: Friday, March 27, 2015 7=21 AM 
To: Richard Joslin 
Cc: Brad Wechsler 
Subject: Re: Availabil=ty 
I am not going to be able to make it today for the interview Wh= don't we arrange for candidate 
to Skype with Jeffrey on Monday 
Thank you 
wrote: 
Rich 
On 3/26/15, 5:21 PM, "Richard Josli=" 
2 
EFTA_R1_01635278 
EFTA02505359

I would appre=iate if we could have this meeting in our office. I think 
we can lose =he candidate and I have already indicated that she would 
be meeting he=e. I hope this is not a problem. 
 
Original Message 
From= Richard Kahn [Tmo at 12:15 at our office. Thanks 
Richard Joslin 
CFO 
Elysium Management LLC 
445 Park Av= 
Ste. 1401 
 
Original Message 
From: Richard Joslin 
Se=t: Wednesday, March 25, 2015 6:56 PM 
To: Richard Kahn 
Cc: Brad Wechs=er; Richard D'Agostino 
Subject: Re: Availability 
Thanks. I w=ll look to arrange at our office. Thanks for your help. 
<=r> 
href= 
Thanks 
On Mar 25, 2015, at 6:51 PM, Richard Kahn <ra 
wrote: 
How is Friday? I am free all daylf that does not work then Monday anytime 
Rich 
<=lockquote type="cite">On 3/25/15, 5:56 PM, "Richard Joslin" 
 
 > wrote: 
I need for you to meet with Samantha before month=end as she would 
like 
to give notice so as to leave after tax seaso=. If you can give me 
some 
3 
EFTA_R1_01635279 
EFTA02505360

times you are free I will nail=down a time in our office. Many 
thanks. 
=/blockquote> 
Sent from my Ver=zon Wireless BlackBerry 
<=div> 
=C240 please note 
The information contained in this communication =s 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute in=ide information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It =s the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thi= 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be=unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please noti=y us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> , and 
des=roy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachment=. copyright -all rights reserved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01635280 
EFTA02505361

