# EFTA00024030 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** Tyrrell, Edward (USANYS)4
- **Sent:** Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:20 PM
- **Subject:** Maxwell Review

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' To: "- [Contractor]" Subject: RE: Maxwell Review Date: Wed, 17 Mar 2021 19:29:26 +0000 (USANYS)" (USANYS) Great, thanks. From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:27 PM To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Review FYI. No pushback from From: Tyrrell, Edward (USANYS) < Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:26 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: (USAN

### Match 2
> From: ' To: "- [Contractor]" Subject: RE: Maxwell Review Date: Wed, 17 Mar 2021 19:29:26 +0000 (USANYS)" (USANYS) Great, thanks. From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:27 PM To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Review FYI. No pushback from From: Tyrrell, Edward (USANYS) < Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:26 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS)4 Subject: RE: Maxwell Review Got it. >; From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:20 PM To: Tyrrell, Edward (USANYS)4 Cc: (USANYS) Subject: Maxwell

### Match 3
> 17 Mar 2021 19:29:26 +0000 (USANYS)" (USANYS) Great, thanks. From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:27 PM To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Review FYI. No pushback from From: Tyrrell, Edward (USANYS) < Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:26 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS)4 Subject: RE: Maxwell Review Got it. >; From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:20 PM To: Tyrrell, Edward (USANYS)4 Cc: (USANYS) Subject: Maxwell Review Hi and >; (USANYS) [Contractor] < (USANYS) .(USANYS)4 Just want to put an issue on your radar. As you may recall, we paid a vendor to scan the

### Match 4
> Maxwell Review FYI. No pushback from From: Tyrrell, Edward (USANYS) < Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:26 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS)4 Subject: RE: Maxwell Review Got it. >; From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, March 17, 2021 3:20 PM To: Tyrrell, Edward (USANYS)4 Cc: (USANYS) Subject: Maxwell Review Hi and >; (USANYS) [Contractor] < (USANYS) .(USANYS)4 Just want to put an issue on your radar. As you may recall, we paid a vendor to scan the SDFL Epstein file in October, and we are hopeful that it will be loaded into Relativity by the end of March (the delay was unfortunate, but w
