# EFTA02227773

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: fund, relationship

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** s = lam or 2am on the 16th or late night on the 15th direct but if there =sn't then let's do the 9:35am:) wrote: On Tue, Jan 3, 2017 at 1:28 PM =esley Groff < <mailto > wrote: or we can do the 9:35am arriving 12:pm same =rice...maybe this one is better...? On Jan 3, 2017, at 1:20 PM, =elina Dubin < Great. Let's do it. Thank =ou so so so much! On Tue, Jan 3, 2017 at 1:20 PM =esley Groff < <mailto » =rote: as =ell? <mailto <mailto > > yes, 1 AM on 16th so you arrive early on 16th in NY =t JFK > =rote: <mailto > =rote: On Jan 3, 2017, at 1:18 PM, > wrote: To confirm that is lam

**[WORD]:** =hange? you are currently scheduled to fly to Boston on the =7th.. <mailto > wrote: =esley! <mailto On Fri, Dec 23, =016 at 6:14 PM Lesley Groff < » =rote: On Dec 23, 2016, at 6:19 PM, Just to confirm, no charge =t all to switch from the 17th to 16th? On Fri, Dec 23, 2016 at 6:17 PM =elina Dubin < > wrote: Let's stick with the =irect flight to Boston on the 16th then :) thank you so much ah...l did not realize you were talking about =Y! that was the problem...lt is more expensive to fly to =Y....the flight to JFK is $877 more for (CX846) and CX890 =ci NWK would be $877 as well...but th

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lesley Groff < 
Sent: 
Tuesday, January 3, 2017 6:36 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: Itinerary INCL TICKETNO for 
17JAN17 
do you =ave a global entry number? do you have a frequent flyer number =or AA? Can you give me your passport ft and 
when the passport =xpires? 
On Jan 3, 2017, at 1:30 PM, 
> wrote: 
Unless there is = lam or 2am on the 16th or late night on the 15th direct but if there =sn't then let's do the 
9:35am:) 
wrote: 
On Tue, Jan 3, 2017 at 1:28 PM =esley Groff < 
<mailto 
>  wrote: 
or we can do the 9:35am arriving 12:pm same =rice...maybe this one is better...? 
On Jan 3, 2017, at 1:20 PM, =elina Dubin < 
Great. Let's do it. Thank =ou so so so much! 
On Tue, Jan 3, 2017 at 1:20 PM =esley Groff < 
<mailto 
» =rote: 
as =ell? 
<mailto 
<mailto 
> > 
yes, 1 AM on 16th so you arrive early on 16th in NY =t JFK 
> =rote: 
<mailto 
> =rote: 
On Jan 3, 2017, at 1:18 PM, 
> wrote: 
To confirm that is lam on =he 16th so it would arrive in NYC at 6am on the 16th 
On Tue, Jan 3, =017 at 1:17 PM 
Let's do lam on the =6th:) 
On Tue, Jan 3, =017 at 1:16 PM 
Let's do =am 
EFTA_R1_00973933 
EFTA02227773

On Tue, Jan 3, =017 at 1:03 PM Lesley Groff < 
<mailto 
» =rote: 
there is also Cathay #890 to Newark for the same =rice departing 6:20pm 
arriving Newark 9pm... 
the sooner you let me know the =etter...thanks 
On Jan 3, 2017, at 12:49 PM, 
Hi Lesley! 
Any changes on any flights on the 15 or 16 to NYC or =oston? 
Thanks:) 
On Tue, Dec 27, 2016 at 8:03 PM Lesley Groff <-
> wrote: 
> wrote: 
For sure 
Sent from my iPhone 
On =ec 27, 2016, at 6:22 PM, 
> wrote: 
Okay cool. I =hink watching that January 16th flight to Boston (or even the 
January =5th flights to NYC) to see if they change is the best bet! If no =hanges, not a problem, but we might as well 
keep monitoring for the =ext few weeks :) 
On Dec 27, 2016, at 4:05 =M, Lesley Groff < 
<mailto 
» =rote: 
Today: Nothing=to Boston (and probably not will be available), but you can fly 
to =YC on January 14th, add coil =882.00. Will keep watching 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 24, 2016, at 12:57 PM, 
> wrote: 
14, 15, and 16 to NY or Boston would all be good =ptions to check for 
On Sat, Dec 24, 2016 at 11:40 AM Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
yes! for sure! 
2 
EFTA_R1_00973934 
EFTA02227774

On Dec 23, 2016, at 6:54 PM, 
> wrote: 
Yes let's keep for the 17th and just keep monitoring =lights on the 15th and 16th 
to both NY and Boston if that's okay? Thank =ou!! 
On Fri, Dec 23, 2016 at 6:52 PM =esley Groff < 
<mailto 
» =rote: 
Hey 
the Amex =ep just called me back...incredibly, to change the ticket 
to =epart on the 16th now is $1700 more! This can happen! He said it =s possible the airline changes it back but you 
never know...there =s limited availability and that has something to do with it...Not =ure if you still want to change to the 
16th? We could ask Jeffrey =f ok to do if it is important? or we keep you on the 17th and =ook if the price goes back 
down in a week or so? 
<mailto 
> =rote: 
On Dec 23, 2016, at 6:27 =M, 
Yes please :) let's change from the 17 to =he 16. Thank you so much, Lesley! 
On Dec 23, 2016, at 6:20 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
correct...no charge to change to the exact =ame flight on the 16th to 
BOSTON...you want me to make this =hange? you are currently scheduled to fly to Boston on the =7th.. 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
=esley! 
<mailto 
On Fri, Dec 23, =016 at 6:14 PM Lesley Groff < 
» =rote: 
On Dec 23, 2016, at 6:19 PM, 
Just to confirm, no charge =t all to switch from the 17th to 16th? 
On Fri, Dec 23, 2016 at 6:17 PM =elina Dubin < 
> wrote: 
Let's stick with the =irect flight to Boston on the 16th then :) thank you so much 
ah...l did not realize you were talking about =Y! that was the problem...lt is more 
expensive to fly to =Y....the flight to JFK is $877 more for (CX846) and CX890 =ci NWK would be $877 as well...but they 
are available... 
3 
EFTA_R1_00973935 
EFTA02227775

On Dec 23, 2016, at 6:05 PM, 
No =orries at all! Sorry just want to figure out the options 
> wrote: 
On Fri, Dec 23, 2016 at 6:04 PM Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
hmmm... not sure..) called Amex Centurian =ravel and trusted the 
representative I spoke with...I will call =hem back...! sorry 
On Dec 23, 2016, at 6:02 PM, 
> wrote: 
Are flights CX846 or CX890 from HKG to NYC not avail =n the 15th? Im seeing 
both flights on my computer but maybe they aren't =vailable for exchange? 
On Fri, Dec 23, =016 at 5:55 PM Lesley Groff < 
<mailto 
» =rote: 
there are no direct flights =n the 15th at all...you would have to connect...I 
didn't =hink you would want to do that so did not investigate...you could =ake the exact same flight you are currently 
scheduled for on the 16th =nd it would be an even exchange... 
<mailto 
> =rote: 
that a whole =eparate thing? 
On Dec 23, 2016, at 5:50 =M, 
Would it be the same =xchange if I flew direct to New York on the 15th? Or is 
On Fri, Dec 23, 2016 at 5:46 PM Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
The ticket is fully =efundable...We would just pay the difference in fare (if there 
is =ny)...no direct flights on the 15th...if you flew back on the =6th it would be an even exchange...there are seats 
available =till in business class at the moment... 
<mailto 
> =rote: 
On Fri, Dec 23, =016 at 1:52 PM Lesley Groff < 
<mailto 
» =rote: 
On Dec 23, 2016, at 2:00 =M, 
Thank you so =uch! Sorry for the trouble. 
Sure. Will find out. 
Sent from my iPhone 
4 
EFTA_R1_00973936 
EFTA02227776

On =ec 23, 2016, at 1:07 PM, 
Hi Lesley, 
> wrote: 
I have a quick favor =o ask. Is there any chance you could check for me if there 
would be any =ost to change my flight to the 15th or the 16th of January? I'm not =ure if I'll change it yet, but just 
wanted to know what would be the =ost of doing so just in case. 
On Fri, Oct 28, =016 at 10:28 AM Lesley Groff < 
<mailto 
» =rote: 
Thank you so =uch! 
Very welcome 
Sent from my iPhone 
On =ct 28, 2016, at 10:25 AM, 
> wrote: 
Thank you so =uch! 
On Oct 28, =016, at 9:53 AM, Lesley Groff < 
H=.here 
is your ticket back to Boston =rom Hong Kong on Jan. 17th! 
Hope you have a great time. =lease confirm back to me receipt of this ticket. Thanks, =esley 
<mailto 
» =rote: 
Begin forwarded message: 
Subject: Itinerary INCL TICKETNO for 
To: 
17JAN17 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. This message =as sent from a notification only 
address that cannot accept incoming =essages. If you have any questions, please contact Centurion =ravel Service at 1-
877-877-0987. 
5 
EFTA_R1_00973937 
EFTA02227777

If airline tickets are purchased for this =tinerary: 
=irline Baggage Fee/Rules may apply and can be accessed by =isiting: 
=a href="https://myamextravel.com/baggage" class="gmail_msg" 
=arget="_blank">https://myamextravel.com/baggage 
Your travel arrangements =re outlined below in the email. Please refer to 
attached PDF =ttachment and itinerary for more details regarding your travel =rrangements. Your Centurion Travel 
Service travel plans have been =osted to a secure website. Please click on the link to view your =rip details and add link 
to your bookmarked favorites for easy access =n the future: 
=nbsp; 
View your Digital Itinerary 
American Express Travel =ecord Locator 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
6 
EFTA_R1_00973938 
EFTA02227778

Tuesday 17 Jan 17 
Other Information 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID =ASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Date 
17 Jan 2017 
Airline Cathay =acific 
Airline Record Locator 
Flight/Class 
CX =12 I Business Class 
Origin Hong Kong, Hong Kong International 
Destination 
Boston, Logan International 
Departing 
06:05 PM 
Arriving08:50 PM 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal 1 
Arrival TerminalTerminal E 
Estimated Time 15 Hrs 45 Mins 
Stops 
Non-stop 
Seats 
12A 
Confirmed 
=u class="gmail_msg">Entry and Exit Information for Travel =/u> 
American Express strongly recommends =hat you periodically review 
www.Visacentral.com/amex <http://www.visacentral.com/amex> for the most up to =ate and accurate entry/exit 
requirements for your travel destination. =ue to frequent changes, American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy =f 
the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for =ny inaccurate or incomplete information contained on 
that site. 
7 
EFTA_R1_00973939 
EFTA02227779

=ou may receive customer service emails even if you have requested not =o 
receive email marketing offers from American Express. For details =bout our e-mail practices, please review the 
American Express Privacy =tatement at http://www.americanexpress.com/privacy. 
=nbsp; 
=ee attached itinerary PDF or link for full terms and =onditions. 
=div class="gmail_msg"> 
=div class="gmail_msg"> 
=PDF itinerary attachment: 
If you are =nable to view the PDF attachment, ensure you have Adobe Acrobat 
Reader. =efer to website below to download and install this free =oftware. 
=div class="gmail_msg"> 
=div class="gmail_msg"> 
=http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobat/readstep.html<=div> 
=nbsp; 
=hank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and =ave a 
pleasant trip. 
8 
EFTA_R1_00973940 
EFTA02227780

=lease be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, =ncluding, but 
not limited to, daily resort or facility fees, may be =pplicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out 
=rom the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before =our trip regarding the existence and amount of such 
charges. 
=nbsp; 
=iability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services =ompany, Inc. 
and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and =epresentatives (collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel =uppliers and 
you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for =ny loss, injury, expense or damage to persons or property 
resulting, =irectly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel =uppliers, including but not limited to delays, 
overbooking's, =ancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures =f equipment, or changes in fares, 
itineraries or schedules; o