# EFTA02587277

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Jeffrey E."|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, September 4, 2014 12:34 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: great On Thu, Sep 4, 2014 at 8:25 AM, Jean Luc Brunel mailto > wrote: Yes until 12th Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Oate:04/09/2014 8:05 AM (GMT-05:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: are you in ny next week? please note The information co

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, September 4, 2014 12:34 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: great On Thu, Sep 4, 2014 at 8:25 AM, Jean Luc Brunel mailto > wrote: Yes until 12th Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Oate:04/09/2014 8:05 AM (GMT-05:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: are you in ny next week? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client

**[FULL]:** cation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, September 4, 2014 12:34 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: great On Thu, Sep 4, 2014 at 8:25 AM, Jean Luc Brunel mailto > wrote: Yes until 12th Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Oate:04/09/2014 8:05 AM (GMT-05:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: are you in ny next week? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, September 4, 2014 12:34 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
great 
On Thu, Sep 4, 2014 at 8:25 AM, Jean Luc Brunel 
mailto 
> 
wrote: 
Yes until 12th 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
 Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Oate:04/09/2014 8:05 AM (GMT-05:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
are you in ny next week? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01767920 
EFTA02587277

=C2 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use,=disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is stri=tly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commun=cation in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01767921 
EFTA02587278

