# EFTA02515552

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, November 7, 2014 6:09 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: yes On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 1:00 PM, Eva Dubin &I I have you slated for Thanksgi=ing to come with two guests. Is that ok? please =ote wrote: The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside informati=n, an

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, November 7, 2014 6:09 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: yes On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 1:00 PM, Eva Dubin &I I have you slated for Thanksgi=ing to come with two guests. Is that ok? please =ote wrote: The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the prop

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, November 7, 2014 6:09 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
yes 
On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 1:00 PM, Eva Dubin &I 
I have you slated for Thanksgi=ing to come with two guests. Is that ok? 
please =ote 
wrote: 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
--001a1142c0baccbe6a050748b6e9-- conversation-id 131108 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1415383769 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 454174 
1 
EFTA_R1_01649928 
EFTA02515552

