# EFTA00020865 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Weinstein, Marc A.
- **To:** Weinstein, Marc A.
- **Sent:** Tuesday, September 29, 2020 3:40 PM
- **Subject:** RE: SDNY investigation

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> CS. The sender therefore does not accept liability, for any errors or omissions in the contents of this me says. ‘‘ Inch as a result of e-mail transim‘ston. If %voile-limn is required pkase nmuest a hard-copy version. From: Sent: Monday, September 14, 2020 3:01 PM To: Weinstein, Marc A. • Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: SDNY investigation CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm. Hi Marc, Thanks — we have conferred with plaintiff's counsel, who has informed us that he is unaware of any protective order relating to the awsuit. Best, EFTA00020866 Assistant United Stat

### Match 2
> who has informed us that he is unaware of any protective order relating to the awsuit. Best, EFTA00020866 Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: Weinstein, Marc A. Sent: Monday, September 14, 2020 12:07 PM To: Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: Re: SONY investigation M, we are still looking to see what confidentiality restrictions might apply. If her lawyer has any such confidentiality or protective order that governed the case, it might be helpful if you could obtain and share that. Marc A. Weinstein I Partner Chai

### Match 3
> ruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which 311SC as a result of e-mail transmission. If %untie-mon is namind pkase request a hard-copy version. From: Sent: Friday, September 11, 2020 1:30 PM To: Weinstein, Marc A. Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: SDNY investigation CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm. Marc, Thanks for speaking earlier. The plaintiff's name is who is represented by Jack Scarola. The deposition took place in 2009, and Jeffrey Epstein was represented by Mark Luttier and Bob Cr

### Match 4
> by Mark Luttier and Bob Critton of Critton, Luttier, and Coleman LLP in West Palm Beach. Thanks very much, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: Weinstein, Marc A. Sent: Friday, September 11, 2020 11:11 AM To: Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: SDNY investigation MI, I just realized that you didn't share with us the deponent's name for the transcript you are looking for. Let us know so that we can make the appropriate inquiries. Best regards, Marc EFTA00020868 Marc A. Weinstein I Partner Chair, White Collar D
