# EFTA02527498

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** mail.com> Thursday, December 31, 2009 11:55 PM Re: On Thu, Dec 3=, 2009 at 6:48 PM, > wrote: Be very happy from now on. Forget deceptions and frustrations of the pas=. Go forward without fear. I wish you the strength to make your dre=ms come through. Don't wait, Be Happy. 2010 is the year. Jean Luc Brunel Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, di=closure or cop

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
are you referring to oregon 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Thursday, December 31, 2009 11:55 PM 
Re: 
On Thu, Dec 3=, 2009 at 6:48 PM, 
> wrote: 
Be very happy from now on. Forget deceptions and frustrations of the pas=. Go forward without fear. I wish 
you the strength to make your dre=ms come through. Don't wait, 
Be Happy. 
2010 is the year. 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy thi= communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
--000e0cd47c94234628047c0efdfb-- conversation-id 156433 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1262303725 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 58310 
EFTA_R1_01668153 
EFTA02527498

