# EFTA02241416

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Emily George|
|Sent|Wedne|
|Subject|Re: Hasty Pudding Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala|

---

**[WORD]:** To: From: Sent: 8 2:51:36 PM Subject: Re: Hasty Pudding Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala Correct. He wants to give the table to Andrew. Thx Sent from my iPhone On Apr 4, 2018, at 10:47 AM, Emily George H Many thanks for your quick reply regarding the listing and for letting me know Mr. Epstein will be donating back his table this year. Thanks so much! Emily From m...la Sent: Wedne , To: Emily George Subject: Re: Hasty P

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent: 
8 2:51:36 PM 
Subject: Re: Hasty Pudding Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala 
Correct. He wants to give the table to Andrew. Thx 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 4, 2018, at 10:47 AM, Emily George 
H 
Many thanks for your quick reply regarding the listing and for letting me know Mr. 
Epstein will be donating back his table this year. 
Thanks so much! Emily 
From m...la 
Sent: Wedne 
, 
To: Emily George 
Subject: Re: Hasty Pudding Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala 
Hi again Emily! Jeffrey wishes to be listed as Jeffrey Epstein in your program! Thanks 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 2, 2018, at 4:42 PM, Emily George .t
wrote: 
I hope this note finds you well! Thank you for Mr. Epstein's support of the 
Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala for the Hasty Pudding Institute of 1770 
taking place on Monday, April 16th at the Pierre Hotel. Attached please find 
the electronic gala invite. 
Please confirm the following listing for the printed program: Anonymous 
Additionally, Mr. Epstein is entitled to table of 10. We do not use physical 
tickets, therefore we ask for all guest names ahead of time. Please note 
the deadline for guest names is Tuesday, April 10th. Please also include any 
special dietary requirements if needed. 
Many thanks! Emily 
Emily George 
Astic Productions 
EFTA_R1_01013757 
EFTA02241416

New York. NY 10019 
<OGS 2018 Save the Datc (1).pdfl 
EFTA_R1_01013758 
EFTA02241417

