# EFTA02566048

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, Februa 21 2013 12:28 AM To: Ivjet; Lesley Groff; leave friday late for sfe, leave l.a. on tues late. =bill gates in ny on wed thurs fri. The information contain=d in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying=of this

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, Februa 
21 2013 12:28 AM 
To: 
Ivjet; Lesley Groff; 
leave friday late for sfe, 
leave l.a. on tues late. =bill gates in ny on wed thurs fri. 
The information contain=d in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying=of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unla=ful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us=immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
--047d7bd6a8ce49e2c004d63125af-- conversation-id 245776 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1361406474 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 277580 
1 
EFTA_R1_01731008 
EFTA02566048

