# EFTA02244548

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Eva Dubin|
|Sent||
|Subject|Jeffre|

---

**[FULL]:** h the doorman - just make sure you let me know when it's dropped so I can make sure it goes upstairs. On Apr 2, 2018, at 7:44 AM, > wrote: Morning!! I should have ed you on this email! Can you help facilitate? What is best? Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: Date: April 2, 2 To: Eva Dubin Subject: Jeffre Good morning Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a gift delivered to Maya. I understand you are home from vacation. May we bring to the apartment today? Please advise if We should hand deliver at a specific time or ok to leave with the doorman. (The gift is valuable gift cards!).

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Allison Yorke 
From: 
Sent: 
on 
2:36:10 PM 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Jojo will be there shortly. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 2, 2018, at 7:56 AM, Allison Yorke 
wrote: 
Morning! They are back now so today is fine. I would think anytime is fine to just 
leave with the doorman - just make sure you let me know when it's dropped so I 
can make sure it goes upstairs. 
On Apr 2, 2018, at 7:44 AM, 
> wrote: 
Morning!! I should have 
ed you on this email! Can you help 
facilitate? What is best? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
Date: April 2, 2 
To: Eva Dubin 
Subject: Jeffre 
Good morning Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a gift 
delivered to Maya. I understand you are home from 
vacation. May we bring to the apartment today? Please 
advise if We should hand deliver at a specific time or ok 
to leave with the doorman. (The gift is valuable gift 
cards!). Thank youM 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_01019213 
EFTA02244548

