# EFTA02433860

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Monday, December 14, 2009 10:33 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinfleeyacationagmail.comj From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 12/14/2009 3:47:07 PM Subject: RE: NY Office. From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Monday, December 14, 2009 10:33 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: where arc you? *********************************************************** The information contained in t

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinfleeyacationagmail.comj From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 12/14/2009 3:47:07 PM Subject: RE: NY Office. From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Monday, December 14, 2009 10:33 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: where arc you? *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinfleeyacationagmail.comj 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Mon 12/14/2009 3:47:07 PM 
Subject: RE: 
NY Office. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, December 14, 2009 10:33 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
where arc you? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationasmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01505233 
EFTA02433860

