# EFTA02464832

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** and dates yet On Sun, Apr 24, 2016 at 9:08 AM, =elina Dubin < > wrote: I love this article! I ha=e never been a believer in juices /juice cleanse. Better to eat the veget=bles and fruits straight from the source instead of after being processed =n a juice machine! On Apr 23,=2016, at 9:19 PM, Eva Dubin < wrote: I read it last ni,l And sent it to then=!!!! Sent from my iPhone > > On Apr 23, 2016, at 8:31 PM,=jeffrey E. <=eevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: http://www.nyt=mes.com/2016/04/21/health/juice-cleanse-toxin- misconception.html?action==lick&pgtype=Homepage&vi

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, April 24, 2016 8:21 PM To: Subject: Re: read the whole article do you hav your island dates yet On Sun, Apr 24, 2016 at 9:08 AM, =elina Dubin < > wrote: I love this article! I ha=e never been a believer in juices /juice cleanse. Better to eat the veget=bles and fruits straight from the source instead of after being processed =n a juice machine! On Apr 23,=2016, at 9:19 PM, Eva Dubin < wrote: I read it last ni,l And sent it to the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, April 24, 2016 8:21 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: read the whole article 
do you hav your island dates yet 
On Sun, Apr 24, 2016 at 9:08 AM, =elina Dubin < 
>  wrote: 
I love this article! I ha=e never been a believer in juices /juice cleanse. Better to eat the veget=bles and fruits 
straight from the source instead of after being processed =n a juice machine! 
On Apr 23,=2016, at 9:19 PM, Eva Dubin < 
wrote: 
I read it last ni,l
And sent it to 
then=!!!! 
Sent from my iPhone 
> > 
On Apr 23, 2016, at 8:31 PM,=jeffrey E. <=eevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
wrote: 
http://www.nyt=mes.com/2016/04/21/health/juice-cleanse-toxin-
misconception.html?action==lick&pgtype=Homepage&viewport=desktop-large&region=top-s=ories-below-
marginalia&contentIndexValue=l&summary=true <http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/21/health/=uice-cleanse-toxin-
misconception.html?action=click&pgtype=Homepage=amp;viewport=desktop-large&region=top-stories-below-
marginalia&=contentIndexValue=l&summary=true> 
=AO please note 
The information contained in this commu=ication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
cons=itute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addre=see. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copyi=g of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
a=d may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pl=ase notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, a=d 
EFTA_R1_01572404 
EFTA02464832

destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all a=tachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
please note 
Th= information contained in this communication is confidential, may be at=orney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is inte=ded only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE =nauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any par= thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
receiv=d this communication in error, please notify us immediately by retur= e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and a=l copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights rese=ved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01572405 
EFTA02464833

