# EFTA00029180 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Nicole Simmons
- **To:** 'Nathan NYSD Chambers'
- **Sent:** Friday, November 12, 2021 8:55 PM
- **Subject:** [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Motn to Preclude Testimony of

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> 12, 2021 8:55 PM To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' Cc: Jeff Pagliuca • ; Laura Mennin er Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Motn to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] Dear Judge Nathan: At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Response to the Government's Motion In Limine to Preclude Expert Testimony of Dr. Park Dietz and Dr. Elizabeth Loftus along with supporting documents. Pursuant to our established protocol, we are submitting the Motion and Exhibits to the Court under temporary seal to allow the government to pr

### Match 2
> From• II< To: SANYS) [Contractor]" Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Mom to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] Date: Sat, 13 Nov 2021 16:25:10 +0000 Attachments: 2021.11.12_Maxwell_Response_to_Gov_Motion_to_Exclude_Dietz_and_Loftus.pdf; Ex._1.pdf; Ex._2.pdf Inline-Images: image001.jpg Hey - this is the l

### Match 3
> From• II< To: SANYS) [Contractor]" Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Mom to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] Date: Sat, 13 Nov 2021 16:25:10 +0000 Attachments: 2021.11.12_Maxwell_Response_to_Gov_Motion_to_Exclude_Dietz_and_Loftus.pdf; Ex._1.pdf; Ex._2.pdf Inline-Images: image001.jpg Hey - this is the last thing for the binder. Thanks) F

### Match 4
> _to_Exclude_Dietz_and_Loftus.pdf; Ex._1.pdf; Ex._2.pdf Inline-Images: image001.jpg Hey - this is the last thing for the binder. Thanks) From: Nicole Simmons Sent: Friday, November 12, 2021 8:55 PM To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' Cc: Jeff Pagliuca • ; Laura Mennin er Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Motn to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] Dear Judge Nathan: At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Response to the Government's Motion In Limine to Preclude Expert Testimony of Dr. Park Dietz and Dr. Elizab

### Match 5
> x._1.pdf; Ex._2.pdf Inline-Images: image001.jpg Hey - this is the last thing for the binder. Thanks) From: Nicole Simmons Sent: Friday, November 12, 2021 8:55 PM To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' Cc: Jeff Pagliuca • ; Laura Mennin er Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Motn to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] Dear Judge Nathan: At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Response to the Government's Motion In Limine to Preclude Expert Testimony of Dr. Park Dietz and Dr. Elizabeth Loftus along with supporting doc
