# EFTA02258523

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Allison Yorke Cc: Lesley Gro From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tue 9/25/2018 3:28:02 PM Subject: Re: Muffins coming to your apartment-Please put in your Refrigerator! 400004004> Please note, my email address has changed to > On Sep 25, 2018, at 11:22 AM, Allison Yorke < wrote: > So sweet! We will make sure to put in the refrigerator. > • Allis

**[FULL]:** put in your Refrigerator! 400004004> Please note, my email address has changed to > On Sep 25, 2018, at 11:22 AM, Allison Yorke < wrote: > So sweet! We will make sure to put in the refrigerator. > • Allison Yorke > DUBIN & COMPANY > 7 7 ' - w York, NY 10153 > • From: > Sent: . > To: Eva Dubin < > Cc: Allison Yor > Subject: Muffins coming to your apartment-Please put in your Refrigerator! > Hi Eva. Valdson is here and has made you muffins! Jojo will deliver the muffins to your apartment shortly-they need to be placed in your refrigerator per Valdson! > Thanks > • Assistant to Jef

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Allison Yorke 
Cc: 
Lesley Gro 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Tue 9/25/2018 3:28:02 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Muffins coming to your apartment-Please put in your Refrigerator! 
400004004> 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
> On Sep 25, 2018, at 11:22 AM, Allison Yorke < 
wrote: 
> So sweet! We will make sure to put in the refrigerator. 
> 
• Allison Yorke 
> DUBIN & COMPANY 
> 7 7 ' 
- 
w York, NY 10153 
> 
• From: 
> Sent: 
. 
> To: Eva Dubin < 
> Cc: Allison Yor 
> Subject: Muffins coming to your apartment-Please put in your Refrigerator! 
> Hi Eva. Valdson is here and has made you muffins! Jojo will deliver the 
muffins to your apartment shortly-they need to be placed in your refrigerator per 
Valdson! 
> Thanks 
> 
• Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_01053693 
EFTA02258523

