# EFTA02715567

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, mit, media lab, joi ito

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** Ito Sent: Thursday, October 16, 2014 5:58 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Attachments: signature.asc Wow. So I just have my accounting team coordinate with him about the =rocess right? On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:56 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: > This is separate 2 mil from bill gates > On Thursday, October 16, 2014, Joi Ito rote: > Does Larry work for Leon? > On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:20 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: > Joi- Larry , Larry joi - joi party would like to coordinate a gift > > > > > > please note > The information contained in this communicatio

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Joi Ito 
Sent: 
Thursday, October 16, 2014 5:58 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Attachments: 
signature.asc 
Wow. So I just have my accounting team coordinate with him about the =rocess right? 
On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:56 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> This is separate 2 mil from bill gates 
> On Thursday, October 16, 2014, Joi Ito 
rote: 
> Does Larry work for Leon? 
> On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:20 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
>  Joi- Larry , Larry joi - joi party would like to coordinate a gift 
> > 
> > 
> > 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, 
> and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the 
> property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
» communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
» unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please 
» notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
>  jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies 
> thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> > 
> --
> Please use this email for confidential mail only. For general Media 
> =ab email, please ust 
> --
> 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and 
> is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or 
> any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
> have received this communication in error, please notify us 
> immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, 
> and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all 
EFTA_R1_02147479 
EFTA02715567

> attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Please use this email for confidential mail only. For general Media Lab =mail, please use joi@media.mit.edu 
2 
EFTA_R1_02147480 
EFTA02715568

