# EFTA02439842

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Mon Jul 13 17:45:14 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Tue 7/14/2009 11:50:31 AM Subject: Re: I'm back to the house in about 2 call you then. G From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Mon Jul 13 17:45:14 2009 Subject: when you get a chance,,, if you could call me,,, kirkland thinks i should blw up the agreement, sue and add

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Tue 7/14/2009 11:50:31 AM Subject: Re: I'm back to the house in about 2 call you then. G From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Mon Jul 13 17:45:14 2009 Subject: when you get a chance,,, if you could call me,,, kirkland thinks i should blw up the agreement, sue and add shulte, dan etc. they can't see how i end up with less.. This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may cont

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: 
Tue 7/14/2009 11:50:31 AM 
Subject: Re: 
I'm back to the house in about 2 
call you then. G 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: Mon Jul 13 17:45:14 2009 
Subject: 
when you get a chance,,, if you could call me,,, kirkland thinks i should blw up the agreement, 
sue and add shulte, dan etc. they can't see how i end up with less.. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachments) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01513626 
EFTA02439842

