# EFTA02434523

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleeyacation@gmall.com]|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Tuesday, October 27, 2009 10:31 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Tue 10/27/2009 2:32:26 PM Subject: RE: where can i call u? From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleeyacation@gmall.com] Sent: Tuesday, October 27, 2009 10:31 AM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: sorry„ were you not aware that the only reason i did not get my full redemption,( 143 million ) was

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Tue 10/27/2009 2:32:26 PM Subject: RE: where can i call u? From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleeyacation@gmall.com] Sent: Tuesday, October 27, 2009 10:31 AM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: sorry„ were you not aware that the only reason i did not get my full redemption,( 143 million ) was the fact that the redemption amount was for a partial 80 million. *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.com] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent 
Tue 10/27/2009 2:32:26 PM 
Subject: RE: 
where can i call u? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtoleeyacation@gmall.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, October 27, 2009 10:31 AM 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Subject: 
sorry„ were you not aware that the only reason i did not get my full redemption,( 143 million 
) was the fact that the redemption amount was for a partial 80 million. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01506204 
EFTA02434523

