# EFTA02481473

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: royal, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Atlas, Andrew S"|
|To|Richard Kahn <|
|Sent||
|Subject|Trade Confirm RE: Royal Bank of =cotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd|

---

**[WORD]:** Subject: Re: Royal Bank of Scotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd Trade executed at 105.00 vs 105.25 on RBS Fixed to Float =refferred Yield to =all now 4.8104% vs 4.6871% Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 Begin =orwarded message: From: "Atlas, Andrew S" Subject: Trade Confirm RE: Royal Bank of =cotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd Date: November 10, 2015 at 4:19:30 PM EST To: Richard Kahn < Rich, Good News to =eport. Southern =rust Company bought 5,000,000 Royal Bank of Scotland 7.64% "rixed-to-Float Pfds for 105. Yield to 9/29/2017 Call = 4

**[WORD]:** 30 PM EST To: Richard Kahn < Rich, Good News to =eport. Southern =rust Company bought 5,000,000 Royal Bank of Scotland 7.64% "rixed-to-Float Pfds for 105. Yield to 9/29/2017 Call = 4.8104% Current Yield = =.2761 EFTA_R1_01597871 EFTA02481473 Was a battle, but well =orth it. Thanks again, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas Financial Advisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets =roup Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown =anhattan Complex 1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor = New York, NY 10104 <=cliv> On Nov 9, 2015, at 4:27 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 5 million On Mon, Nov 9

**[WORD]:** at 10:25 PM, =ichard Kahn wrote: thought this =as interesting as it would yield foreign interest income please advise thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 2 EFTA_R1_01597872 EFTA02481474 Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" 4 » Subject: =/b>Royal Bank of =cotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd Date: =/b>November 9, 2015 at 4:03:19 PM =ST To: =/b>"Richard Kahn Rich, Here's an attractive Yield to Call opportunity that I =anted to show Southern Trust Company. I've attached a =till relevant Morgan Stanley note from earl

**[WORD]:** they offer even if they =re not. * =ote the back end of 3m1+232 grossed up for tax is closer to 3m1+300 for =he issuer. &nb=p; &=bsp; &nb=p; Please treat all price levels as subject to market =vailability. let me know if you have any questions. 4 EFTA_R1_01597874 EFTA02481476 Speak soon, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas Financial Advisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan =omplex 1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor = New York, NY 10104 Tel/Direct: + Important Notice =o Recipients: Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn <
la> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, November 10, 2015 9:25 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: Royal Bank of Scotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd 
Trade executed at 105.00 vs 105.25 on RBS Fixed to Float =refferred 
Yield to =all now 4.8104% vs 4.6871% 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin =orwarded message: 
From: "Atlas, Andrew S" 
Subject: Trade Confirm RE: Royal Bank of =cotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd 
Date: November 10, 2015 at 4:19:30 PM EST 
To: Richard Kahn < 
Rich, 
Good News to =eport. 
Southern =rust Company bought 5,000,000 Royal Bank of Scotland 7.64% "rixed-to-Float Pfds for 105. 
Yield to 9/29/2017 Call = 4.8104% 
Current Yield = =.2761 
EFTA_R1_01597871 
EFTA02481473

Was a battle, but well =orth it. 
Thanks again, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial Advisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets =roup 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown =anhattan Complex 
1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor = New York, NY 10104 
<=cliv> 
On Nov 9, 2015, at 4:27 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
5 million 
On Mon, Nov 9, 2015 at 10:25 PM, =ichard Kahn 
wrote: 
thought this =as interesting as it would yield foreign interest income 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
2 
EFTA_R1_01597872 
EFTA02481474

Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" 4
» 
Subject: =/b>Royal Bank of =cotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd 
Date: =/b>November 9, 2015 at 4:03:19 PM =ST 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn
Rich, 
Here's an attractive Yield to Call opportunity that I =anted to show Southern Trust 
Company. I've attached a =till relevant Morgan Stanley note from earlier this year. 
Details: 
Royal Bank of Scotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Preferred =hares 
RBS=7.64% Perpetual 
Issuer: Royal Bk Scotland Grp Plc 
Par=Value: 
=1,000 
Security Type: Preferred Stock 
QDI/DRD =ligible 
Yes = Yes 
Cumulative: 
=on-Cumulative 
Rating: B1 / B+ 
3 
EFTA_R1_01597873 
EFTA02481475

Coupon =Details): 
=.64% to 9/30/2017; Then US 3M Libor +232bp, resets Quarterly 
&nb=p; =nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Next Call Date: 9/30/2017, Quarterly thereafter 
Maturity: 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Perpetual 
Net==rice: 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 105.25 
Current =ield: 
&n=sp; 
7.2589% 
Yield to Next =all: 
=.6871% 
Some of Morgan Stanley's highlights: 
1. 
They fundamentally like the credit and this is one of the =ost liquid and highest 
yielding legacy securities (old-style Ails) 
2. 
They expect the bond to get called at first call because: 
8lith=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
= i. 
RBS=has excess Tier 1 
capital and RBS is issuing AT1 which is further =ncreasing this excess 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
= ii. 
The=7.64s are expensive. 
RBS does not get a tax benefit so the coupon =s 1.2x higher for the issuer than the headline coupon•. 
&nb=p; 
= 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
iii. 
The=7.64s are only callable 
every 10 years so missing the opportunity in =017 reduces all flexibility for the issuer when it loses all capital value from 
end-2021. 
3. 
They think that the 7.64s could get tendered for or exchanged =t favorable terms, 
but are happy with the carry they offer even if they =re not. 
* =ote the back end of 3m1+232 grossed up for tax is closer to 3m1+300 for =he issuer. 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
Please treat all price levels as subject to market =vailability. let me know if you have 
any questions. 
4 
EFTA_R1_01597874 
EFTA02481476

Speak soon, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial Advisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan =omplex 
1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor = New York, NY 10104 
Tel/Direct: + 
Important Notice =o Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any 
=ecurity or commodity. Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this =-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan 
Stanley"). If you have =eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the 
sender immediately. Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley 
reserves the right, =o the extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is 
subject to terms available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If 
you cannot access this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with 
Morgan Stanley you consent to =he foregoing. 
5 
EFTA_R1_01597875 
EFTA02481477

please note 
The information contained in this =ommunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client =rivileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is =ntended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the =roperty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure =r copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have =eceived this 
communication in error, please notify us =mmediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this =ommunication and all copies thereof, 
including all =ttachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
6 
EFTA_R1_01597876 
EFTA02481478

