# EFTA02303999

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Karyna Sh=liak|
|To|Kimberly Feierstein|
|Sent|Wednesday, September 03, 2014 12:54 PM|
|Subject|Re: Mirror|

---

**[WORD]:** te: Are these the 2 items he is=picking up? emailed these to my old email address and I just foun= them. Steven won't be able to get to 66th until tmorrow. From: Karyna Sh=liak Sent: Wednesday, September 03, 2014 12:54 PM To: Kimberly Feierstein Subject: Re: Mirror Kim, >1 I just saw Mrs. Dubin. She said she would take the wo=den cabinet as well. Just let me know please when Steven is coming. Thank you, Karyna. Sent from my iPhone On Sep 3, 2014, at 11:51 AM, Kimberly Feierstein < » wr=te: EFTA_R1_01176327 EFTA02303999 The mirror attaches to a ca=inet? I thought you said it attac

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Karyna Shuliak < 
Sent: 
Wednesday, September 3, 2014 6:08 PM 
To: 
Kimberl Feierstein 
Cc: 
Subject: 
Re: Mirror 
Kim, 
I don't kn=w about 
items, you'll need to ask her if she wants to give them away.=l copied her in this email. Also I 
will be in school all day tomorrow, 
w=uld you please coordinate with Kim regarding furniture pick up. 
T=e items I have left in 8A are these: 
Thank you. 
Sent fro= my iPhone 
On Sep 3, 2014, at 1:56 PM, Kimberly Feierstein 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Are these the 2 items he is=picking up? 
emailed these to my old email address and I just foun= them. 
Steven won't be able to get to 66th until tmorrow. 
From: Karyna Sh=liak 
Sent: Wednesday, September 03, 2014 12:54 PM 
To: Kimberly Feierstein 
Subject: Re: Mirror 
Kim, 
>1 
I just saw Mrs. Dubin. She said she would take the wo=den cabinet as well. Just let me know please when Steven 
is coming. 
Thank you, 
Karyna. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 3, 2014, at 11:51 AM, Kimberly Feierstein < 
» wr=te: 
EFTA_R1_01176327 
EFTA02303999

The mirror attaches to a ca=inet? I thought you said it attaches to a wall? Can you send me=a pic of the 
cabinet the mirror attaches to? 
From: Karyna Sh=liak [ 
o 
>1 
Sent: Wednesday, September 03, 2014 11:28 AM 
To: Kimberly Feierstein 
Subject: Re: Mirror 
Hi Kim, 
Absolutely. I will be around today and can meet Steve=. Tomorrow I won't be there, but someone else 
would be available to meet hi=. 
The cabinet is too big to bring it to the doorman, so=someone will have to meet Steven. Just let me 
know what time works please.<=:p> 
Also, there is one more cabinet, that you can take if=Eva would like that. Let me know please. Here is 
the picture: 
<image001.jpg> 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 3, 2014, at 10:37 AM, Kimberly Feierstein < 
> wr=te: 
Hi Karyna, 
Can I have Seven pick up th= parts either today or tomorrow? It is something you can leave with 
t=e doorman so we don't have to organize for someone to be at the apartment? 
Thanks.</=> 
Kim 
2 
EFTA_R1_01176328 
EFTA02304000

From: Karyna Sh=liak [mailto 
<mailto 
> ] 
Sent: Tuesday, September 02, 2014 6:42 PM 
To: Kimberly Feierstein 
Subject: Re: Mirror 
Hi Kim, 
It is supposed to be attached to the wall using those=parts. 
Please let me know if you are going to pick up the re=t that is left. 
Thank you, 
Karyna. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 2, 2014, at 6:15 PM, Kimberly Feierstein < 
> wro=e: 
Hi Karyna, 
In the attached photo is a m=rror that we picked up from 66th. Behind it seems to have 
a=place for some sort of legs or something. How did you use it? Was it meant to be a table top or something? 
Thanks.</=> 
Kim 
<photo 2.1PG> 
<photojpg> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01176329 
EFTA02304001

