# EFTA00030861 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 8

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, January 20, 2021 10:29 AM
- **Subject:** RE: Discovery Requests

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> you requested in each subpoena. There is one other issue we'd like to raise. An article in the Daily Beast on Monday referenced the search warrant affidavit for the cell-site simulator used to track Ms. Maxwell's cellphone before her arrest (https://www.thedailybeast.com/how- the-fbi-tracked-down-ghislaine-maxwell-alleged-madam-of-jeffrey-epstein). The article stated that the affidavit appeared EFTA00030863 in a "newly unsealed court filing." I don't recall this affidavit being unsealed or referenced in anything that was filed on the court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsea

### Match 2
> y important for Ms. Maxwell to have this drive as soon as possible to prepare her defense. Do you have an update on when the drive will be ready? 2. We also informed you that the CD produced on November 18, 2020 did not work on the prison computer at the MDC (as you know, the laptop provided to Ms. Maxwell does not have a CD drive). Accordingly, we asked you to include the material on the CD in the new 4TB hard drive. We followed-up with you about this issue on December 30, 2020. Given that the new hard drive is still not ready, we ask that you download the material on the CD onto a separate thumb

### Match 3
> ude the material on the CD in the new 4TB hard drive. We followed-up with you about this issue on December 30, 2020. Given that the new hard drive is still not ready, we ask that you download the material on the CD onto a separate thumb drive or hard drive and provide it as quickly as possible to Ms. Maxwell at the MDC so that she can review the materials this weekend. Alternatively, you can provide an external CD drive to Ms. Maxwell at the MDC so that she can read the files on the MDC computer. We will provide whatever media device you require to facilitate this production. 3. Unlike the November

### Match 4
> he new hard drive is still not ready, we ask that you download the material on the CD onto a separate thumb drive or hard drive and provide it as quickly as possible to Ms. Maxwell at the MDC so that she can review the materials this weekend. Alternatively, you can provide an external CD drive to Ms. Maxwell at the MDC so that she can read the files on the MDC computer. We will provide whatever media device you require to facilitate this production. 3. Unlike the November 9, 2020 discovery cover letter, the November 18, 2020 discovery cover letter (attached) does not correlate the Bates numbers to

### Match 5
> ocuments issued by the government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. There is one other issue we'd like to raise. An article in the Daily Beast on Monday referenced the search warrant affidavit for the cell-site simulator used to track Ms. Maxwell's cellphone before her arrest (https://www.thedailybeast.com/how- the-fbi-tracked-down-ghislaine-maxwell-alleged-madam-of-jeffrey-epstein). The article stated that the affidavit appeared EFTA00030863 in a "newly unsealed court filing." I don't recall this affidavit being unsealed or referenced in

### Match 6
> d a link where they'd like the materials uploaded. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Wednesday, January 20, 2021 10:29 AM To: ) Cc: I a; Subject: RE: Discovery Requests (USANYS) [Contractor] a> (USANYS) can upload these files for defense counsel today and will be able to load a disc for Maxwell when I'm back at the office tomorrow. I recall that the last time we produced to defense in this manner they preferred to use their FTP site. Would you mind asking them to send over a link to where they'd like the materials uploaded? Thanks! From: Sent: Tuesday, January 19, 2021 8:27 PM To: (

### Match 7
> t: Tuesday, January 19, 2021 8:27 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] cfl cM > Cc: Subject: RE: Discovery Requests (USANYS) < (USANYS) [Contractor] Thanks so much! Once you have the renumbered files, would you please prepare them for production to the defense? Ideally, they could go on a disc for Maxwell and USAfx for defense counsel, but let me know if it's too large. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Tuesday, January 19, 2021 1:45 PM To: )1C Cc: I sc=n Subject: RE: Discovery Requests (USANYS) [Contractor] < (USANYS) EFTA00030861 The materials from 6a have been re-stamped with the rang

### Match 8
> position on these issues at your earliest convenience. EFTA00030862 1. In our email correspondence on 11/18/2020, you agreed to create a new hard drive containing the entire discovery production. We provided you with a 4TB hard drive for that purpose on 11/20/2020. It is very important for Ms. Maxwell to have this drive as soon as possible to prepare her defense. Do you have an update on when the drive will be ready? 2. We also informed you that the CD produced on November 18, 2020 did not work on the prison computer at the MDC (as you know, the laptop provided to Ms. Maxwell does not have a
