# EFTA02213856

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel)|
|Sent|Friday, June 02, 2017 12:51|
|Subject|Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin|

---

**[FULL]:** To: From: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) Sent: Fri 6/2/2017 8:48:34 PM Subject: RE: OSLO - Eva Dubin H On June 21", are you requesting the matinee or evening performance? Please note that July 1%' there is a matinee and evening performance and July 2n° is only a matinee. Let me know if you have a preference. Thanks. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency

**[FULL]:** t me know if you have a preference. Thanks. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor New York, NY 10174 NY Office: 212 277 9000 From: Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 12:51 To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. EFTA_R1_00939388 EFTA02213856 We would like 4 tickets for the best seats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think have the best seats for an evening show: June 20,21,23,25,29 July 1,2 Name should be for Eva Dubin

**[FULL]:** Eva Dubin Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. EFTA_R1_00939388 EFTA02213856 We would like 4 tickets for the best seats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think have the best seats for an evening show: June 20,21,23,25,29 July 1,2 Name should be for Eva Dubin at Will Call Credit CARD: Amex Jeffrey Epstein 6/21 9049 9 East 71st Street NY, NY 10021 # on back of card is 1. Let me know what works! thank you, On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) wrote: Dear Bart Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway. I

**[FULL]:** frey Epstein 6/21 9049 9 East 71st Street NY, NY 10021 # on back of card is 1. Let me know what works! thank you, On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) wrote: Dear Bart Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway. I am happy to arrange house seats for Eva Dubin. EFTA_R1_00939389 EFTA02213857 House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance date. The full show schedule is viewable at this link: hap://www.Ict.om/shows/oslo-broadwavischedule/ Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to submit your request. Date and T

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
Sent: 
Fri 6/2/2017 8:48:34 PM 
Subject: RE: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
H 
On June 21", are you requesting the matinee or evening performance? 
Please note that July 1%' there is a matinee and evening performance and July 2n° is only a matinee. Let 
me know if you have a preference. Thanks. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor 
New York, NY 10174 
NY Office: 212 277 9000 
From: 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 12:51 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. 
EFTA_R1_00939388 
EFTA02213856

We would like 4 tickets for the best seats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following 
nights you think have the best seats for an evening show: 
June 20,21,23,25,29 
July 1,2 
Name should be for Eva Dubin at Will Call 
Credit CARD: 
Amex 
Jeffrey Epstein 
6/21 
9049 
9 East 71st Street 
NY, NY 10021 
# on back of card is 1. 
Let me know what works! thank you, 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
wrote: 
Dear 
Bart Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway. I am happy to 
arrange house seats for Eva Dubin. 
EFTA_R1_00939389 
EFTA02213857

House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance date. The full show schedule is 
viewable at this link: hap://www.Ict.om/shows/oslo-broadwavischedule/ 
Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to submit your request. 
Date and Time of performance: 
# of tickets: 
Name at will-call: 
Name as it appears on credit card: 
Credit card #: 
Expiration date: 
Security code: 
Full Billing Address: 
Please note that there are no refunds or exchanges on house seats. Please let me know if you 
have any questions, thanks! 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor 
New York, NY 10174 
NY Office: 212 277 9000 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to 
whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the employee 
or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that any use dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This c-mail and any files transmitted with it arc intended solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom they arc addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or 
the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you arc 
hereby notified that any use dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is 
strictly prohibited. 
EFTA_R1_00939390 
EFTA02213858

