# EFTA02624174

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, September 19, 2018 3:49 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: pb On Wed, Sep 19, 2018 at 11:47 AM, Eva Dubin &=t; > wrote: Where are you? Please not=, my email address has changed to On Sep 19, 2018, at 10:24 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@=mail.com> wrote: where are you? please note The information contained

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, September 19, 2018 3:49 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: pb On Wed, Sep 19, 2018 at 11:47 AM, Eva Dubin &=t; > wrote: Where are you? Please not=, my email address has changed to On Sep 19, 2018, at 10:24 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@=mail.com> wrote: where are you? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, September 19, 2018 3:49 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
pb 
On Wed, Sep 19, 2018 at 11:47 AM, Eva Dubin &=t; 
> wrote: 
Where are you? 
Please not=, my email address has changed to 
On Sep 19, 2018, at 10:24 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@=mail.com> wrote: 
where are you? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01834200 
EFTA02624174

The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use rf the addressee. It is the property of ME Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--000000000000f03ac005763b5958-- conversation-id 327968 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1537372167 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 854696 
2 
EFTA_R1_01834201 
EFTA02624175

