# EFTA02282914

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, doctor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Eva Dubin|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[FULL]:** ty! Sent from my iPhone On Apr 9, 2019, at 8:21 AM, wrote: Thank you so much Jeffrey! On Tue, Apr 9, 2019 at 6:52 AM J <ieevacation@gmail.com> wrote: And kline to remove forhead moles and magnani for teeth On Tue, Apr 9, 2019 at 6:47 AM Lesley Groff a wrote: Begin forwarded message: From: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Date: April 8, 2019 at 9:54:02 PM EDT To: Lesley Groff Cc: Allison Yorke Dan Adler Michael Krumholz I will ask Allison to send contacts for both in am EFTA_R1_01104610 EFTA02282914 Please note, my email address has changed to On A r 8 2019 at 9:04 PM, Lesley

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 4/9/2019 5
Subject Re: doctors for 
Hi Lesley, 
I already had an appt with dr. Maniani this morning so we can cross that out. 
I will let you know regarding 
I've been 
aut 
my appt is a month away and nothing earlier when I tried to 
call them so that's why JE wants me to go to differ. doctor. But this week my schedule is full so 
maybe next Monday (morning before noon) or Tuesday (anytime). Thank you Lesley and let me 
know. 
Best 
On Tue, Apr 9, 2019 at 8:41 AM Lesley Groff ‹
> wrote: 
Hi 
Please let me know your availability! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 9, 2019, at 8:21 AM, 
wrote: 
Thank you so much Jeffrey! 
On Tue, Apr 9, 2019 at 6:52 AM J <ieevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
And kline to remove forhead moles and magnani for teeth 
On Tue, Apr 9, 2019 at 6:47 AM Lesley Groff a 
wrote: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Eva Dubin 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: April 8, 2019 at 9:54:02 PM EDT 
To: Lesley Groff 
Cc: Allison Yorke 
Dan Adler 
Michael Krumholz 
I will ask Allison to send contacts for both in am 
EFTA_R1_01104610 
EFTA02282914

Please note, my email address has changed to 
On A r 8 2019 at 9:04 PM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Hello Eva. Jeffrey is askin if ou could pleasegive us a recommendation for 
a 
or 
. Please let me 
know 
Thanks. Lesley 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacafi n 
mail.cam, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Sincerely 
EFTA_R1_01104611 
EFTA02282915

