# EFTA02591310

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, mit, media lab, joi ito, meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** 6, 2014, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> =rote: > Yes > On Thursday, October 16, 2014, Joi Ito ,t rote: > Wow. So I just have my accounting team coordinate with him about the =rocess right? > On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:56 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: > This is separate 2 mil from bill gates > On Thursday, October 16, 2014, Joi Ito wrote: » Does Larry work for Leon? » On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:20, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> =rote: > » Joi- Larry, Larry joi joi party would like to coordinate a gift >>> >> >-- > » please note > > The information contained in this communica

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Joi Ito 
Sent: 
Thursday, October 16, 2014 6:59 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Attachments: 
signature.asc 
What #? I'll call you in 30 min after this meeting. 
On Oct 16, 2014, at 14:40 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> Call my cell 
> On Thursday, October 16, 2014, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> =rote: 
> Yes 
> On Thursday, October 16, 2014, Joi Ito ,t
rote: 
> Wow. So I just have my accounting team coordinate with him about the =rocess right? 
> On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:56 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> This is separate 2 mil from bill gates 
> On Thursday, October 16, 2014, Joi Ito 
wrote: 
» Does Larry work for Leon? 
» On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:20, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> =rote: 
> » Joi- Larry, Larry joi joi party would like to coordinate a gift 
>>> 
>> >--
> » 
please note 
> >  The information contained in this communication is confidential, 
> >  may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside 
> >  information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It 
> >  is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of 
> >  this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and 
> >  may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, 
> » please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
> » jeevacation@gmaitcom, and destroy this communication and all 
> > > copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights 
> >  reserved 
> » 
»--
> Please use this email for confidential mail only. For general Media 
> =ab email, please use joi@media.mit.edu 
EFTA_R1_01773751 
EFTA02591310

> > 
> > --
» 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, 
> and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the 
> > property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
> unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please 
> notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
>  jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies 
> thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> > 
> --
> Please use this email for confidential mail only. For general Media 
> =ab email, please usejoi@media.mit.edu 
> --
> 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and 
> is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or 
> any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
> have received this communication in error, please notify us 
> immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, 
> and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all 
> attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> --
> 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and 
> is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or 
> any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
> have received this communication in error, please notify us 
> immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, 
> and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all 
> attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Please use this email for confidential mail only. For general Media Lab =mail, please usejoi@media.mit.edu 
2 
EFTA_R1_01773752 
EFTA02591311

