# EFTA02515416

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Miluska Vanegas|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject|RE: visa|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Friday, November 7, 2014 5:48 PM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: visa This is the way that it was done every 3 years until now and it has ne=er been a problem From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Friday, November 7, 2014 at 1=:17 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: FW: v

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Friday, November 7, 2014 5:48 PM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: visa This is the way that it was done every 3 years until now and it has ne=er been a problem From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Friday, November 7, 2014 at 1=:17 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: FW: visa why did he apply for a new 0 1, and not an extensio= http://www.hooyou.com/o-1/duration.html chttp://www.hooyou.com/o-licluration.html> .. everyone else we =erely apply for one year extensions over and over. =was your time up? On Thu, Nov 6, 2014 at 10:01 PM, Jean Luc Bru

**[FULL]:** n Luc Brunel Subject: Re: FW: visa why did he apply for a new 0 1, and not an extensio= http://www.hooyou.com/o-1/duration.html chttp://www.hooyou.com/o-licluration.html> .. everyone else we =erely apply for one year extensions over and over. =was your time up? On Thu, Nov 6, 2014 at 10:01 PM, Jean Luc Brunel= wrote: From: Miluska Vanegas Date: Friday, November 7, 2014 at 1=:48 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: RE: visa =>> Hi Jean Luc,</=> Attached are the documents that cor=espond to your visa petition. • &=bsp; September 5th, he received the reques= for evidence • &=bsp; September 9th, he e

**[FULL]:** www.hooyou.com/o-1/duration.html chttp://www.hooyou.com/o-licluration.html> .. everyone else we =erely apply for one year extensions over and over. =was your time up? On Thu, Nov 6, 2014 at 10:01 PM, Jean Luc Brunel= wrote: From: Miluska Vanegas Date: Friday, November 7, 2014 at 1=:48 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: RE: visa =>> Hi Jean Luc,</=> Attached are the documents that cor=espond to your visa petition. • &=bsp; September 5th, he received the reques= for evidence • &=bsp; September 9th, he emailed me a list o= things that we could send as evidence &=bsp; October 9th, he emailed me: "A

**[FULL]:** visa application. • &=bsp; November 4th, her assistant sent me t=e letter that was sent to immigration to cancel the visa. • &=bsp; Today I emailed Luis, asking what was=the problem and why they are taking so long for the approval but until thi= moment I havent heard from him. Miluska From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Wednesday, November 05, 2014 11:29 PM To: Miluska Venegas Subject: visa Can you send me all documentation related =o my visa petition Also what you remember of phone call with =uis about delay thanks please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: 
Friday, November 7, 2014 5:48 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: visa 
This is the way that it was done every 3 years until now and it has ne=er been a problem 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Friday, November 7, 2014 at 1=:17 PM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: Re: FW: visa 
why did he apply for a new 0 1, and not an extensio= http://www.hooyou.com/o-1/duration.html 
chttp://www.hooyou.com/o-licluration.html> .. everyone else we =erely apply for one year extensions over and over. 
=was your time up? 
On Thu, Nov 6, 2014 at 10:01 PM, Jean Luc Brunel= 
wrote: 
From: Miluska Vanegas 
Date: Friday, November 7, 2014 at 1=:48 AM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: RE: visa 
=>> 
Hi Jean Luc,</=> 
Attached are the documents that cor=espond to your visa petition. 
• &=bsp; 
September 5th, he received the reques= for evidence 
• &=bsp; 
September 9th, he emailed me a list o= things that we could send as evidence 
&=bsp; 
October 9th, he emailed me: "All the materials you provided for Jean Luc have been provided to 
immigration and we are awaitin= their reply. As soon as I have additional information I will immediately =et you know. 
We should have information shortly. In the meantime, if Jean =uc is abroad and must travel to the states, he can enter 
under the ESTA visa (formerly VWPP) program which=is available to all nationals of the European Union. After the 0-1 
EFTA_R1_01649745 
EFTA02515416

visa pe=ition is approved, Jean Luc will be able to have the visa issued at the U.=. Embassy in Paris. I will send you the 
online link for the ESTA program in the event Jean Luc is not regi=tered on the site. I promise I'll be in touch as soon as I 
have good news&=uot;. 
• &=bsp; 
October 15th, he text me: "No ne=s, but please know we are on top of it and it is one of our very top 
prior=ties!!" 
• &=bsp; 
October 22nd, he text me: "We re=lly should be receiving notification from the Vermont sery center 
very sho=tly. I will check again with them today. Remember Jean Luc can always enter the US under ESTA program 
while the O-1=petition is pending at immigration. I'll update you later today.<=u> 
• &=bsp; 
October 28th, he text me: "Belie=e me I am very frustrated, especially since they have approved our 
petitio=s 3 previous occasions! Today, I'm contacting my friend who is the District Director for a member of Congress so 
that sh= can help on this. It really shouldn't be much longer. I'll =et you know immediately upon having any additional 
information. Hope=ully this week". 
• &=bsp; 
November 3rd I requested Luis to canc=l your visa application. 
• &=bsp; 
November 4th, her assistant sent me t=e letter that was sent to immigration to cancel the visa. 
• &=bsp; 
Today I emailed Luis, asking what was=the problem and why they are taking so long for the approval 
but until thi= moment I havent heard from him. 
Miluska 
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: Wednesday, November 05, 2014 11:29 PM 
To: Miluska Venegas 
Subject: visa 
Can you send me all documentation related =o my visa petition 
Also what you remember of phone call with =uis about delay 
thanks 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
2 
EFTA_R1_01649746 
EFTA02515417

received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01649747 
EFTA02515418

