# EFTA02265751

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Eva Dubin|
|Sent|Friday, November 30, 2018 11:30 AM|
|Subject|Apple Watch Order ?|

---

**[FULL]:** Cc: Eva Andersson c: on From: Sent: Fri 11/30/2018 4:33:42 PM Subject: Re: Apple Watch Order? He is the BEST! and sounds good :) happy shopping On Nov 30, 2018, at 11:32 AM, Eva Dubin a wrote: Let me look this weekend!! This so so so nice!!! Please note, my email address has changed to: From: Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 11:30 AM To: Eva Dubin Cc: Allison Yorke Subject: Apple Watch Order ? Hi Eva...just following up...did you have a chance to look at the Apple Watche

**[FULL]:** 4:33:42 PM Subject: Re: Apple Watch Order? He is the BEST! and sounds good :) happy shopping On Nov 30, 2018, at 11:32 AM, Eva Dubin a wrote: Let me look this weekend!! This so so so nice!!! Please note, my email address has changed to: From: Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 11:30 AM To: Eva Dubin Cc: Allison Yorke Subject: Apple Watch Order ? Hi Eva...just following up...did you have a chance to look at the Apple Watches? Would you like me to order you one from Jeffrey? He says anything you want you may have... I just need to know the below: Size: 40mm or 44mm Case Color: Silver, Gol

**[FULL]:** Cc: Eva Andersson c: on From: Sent: Fri 11/30/2018 4:33:42 PM Subject: Re: Apple Watch Order? He is the BEST! and sounds good :) happy shopping On Nov 30, 2018, at 11:32 AM, Eva Dubin a wrote: Let me look this weekend!! This so so so nice!!! Please note, my email address has changed to: From: Sent: Fri

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

Cc: 
Eva Andersson 
c:
on 
From: 
Sent: 
Fri 11/30/2018 4:33:42 PM 
Subject: Re: Apple Watch Order? 
He is the BEST! 
and sounds good :) 
happy shopping 
On Nov 30, 2018, at 11:32 AM, Eva Dubin a 
wrote: 
Let me look this weekend!! This so so so nice!!! 
Please note, my email address has changed to: 
From: 
Sent: Friday, November 30, 2018 11:30 AM 
To: Eva Dubin 
Cc: Allison Yorke 
Subject: Apple Watch Order ? 
Hi Eva...just following up...did you have a chance to look at the Apple Watches? Would you like 
me to order you one from Jeffrey? He says anything you want you may have... 
I just need to know the below: 
Size: 40mm or 44mm 
Case Color: Silver, Gold or Space Gray 
Case Material: Aluminum (Matte Finish) Stainless Steel (Shiny Finish) 
Band: Any band you like! 
Let me know, 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_01089180 
EFTA02265751

