# EFTA02575396

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Landon Thomas Jr.|
|Sent|Saturday, Septem=er 28, 2013 11:24 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Landon Thomas < Sent: Saturday, September 28, 2013 3:48 PM To: jeevacation@gmail.com Subject: Re: Yes I would be careful. For sure they are going to bring up the past and sa= why is Bill Gates listening to this guy. Who is doing the asking? = = Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. = = = From: Jeffrey Epstein Sent: Saturday, Septem=er 28, 2013 11:24 AM To: Landon Thomas Jr. R=ply To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: I have a bunch of reporters , hounding me to do interviews=with Bill

**[FULL]:** Gates listening to this guy. Who is doing the asking? = = Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. = = = From: Jeffrey Epstein Sent: Saturday, Septem=er 28, 2013 11:24 AM To: Landon Thomas Jr. R=ply To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: I have a bunch of reporters , hounding me to do interviews=with Bill gates , etc on why they choose to ask my advice. I don&=39;t trust any , and am not sure if staying quiet is a bett=r alternative views? =br>The information contained in this communication is confidential, may=be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and i= intended only fo

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Landon Thomas < 
Sent: 
Saturday, September 28, 2013 3:48 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Re: 
Yes I would be careful. For sure they are going to bring up the past and sa= why is Bill Gates listening to this guy. Who is 
doing the asking? 
= = 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
= = = 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: Saturday, Septem=er 28, 2013 11:24 AM 
To: Landon Thomas Jr. 
R=ply To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
I have a bunch of reporters , hounding me to do interviews=with Bill gates , etc on why they choose to ask my advice. I 
don&=39;t trust any , and am not sure if staying quiet is a bett=r alternative views? 
 
=br>The information contained in this 
communication is confidential, may=be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and i= intended 
only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is communication 
in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or=by e-mail to je=vacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, including all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved 
1 
EFTA_R1_01746710 
EFTA02575396

