# EFTA00024744 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> (the "Subject Offenses"), for the period 1994 through August 8, 2019, described as follows: 1. Evidence concerning the identity or location of the owner(s) or user(s) of the Subject Devices. 2. Evidence concerning the identity or location of co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, includin and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 3. Evidence concerning communications to, from, by, and/or among co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including I and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 4. Any documents or communications with or regarding victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses. 2017.08.02 EFTA00024746 5. Documents or reco

### Match 2
> on of the owner(s) or user(s) of the Subject Devices. 2. Evidence concerning the identity or location of co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, includin and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 3. Evidence concerning communications to, from, by, and/or among co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including I and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 4. Any documents or communications with or regarding victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses. 2017.08.02 EFTA00024746 5. Documents or records reflecting payments to victims and/or co-conspirators including but not limited to bank and financial records, spreadsheets, ledgers, a

### Match 3
> (the "Subject Offenses"), for the period 1994 through August 8, 2019, described as follows: 1. Evidence concerning the identity or location of the owner(s) or user(s) of the Subject Devices. 2. Evidence concerning the identity or location of co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, includin and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 3. Evidence concerning communications to, from, by, and/or among co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including I and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 4. Any documents or communications with or regarding victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses. 2017.08.02 EFTA00024746 5. Documents

### Match 4
> on of the owner(s) or user(s) of the Subject Devices. 2. Evidence concerning the identity or location of co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, includin and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 3. Evidence concerning communications to, from, by, and/or among co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including I and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 4. Any documents or communications with or regarding victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses. 2017.08.02 EFTA00024746 5. Documents or records reflecting payments to victims and/or co-conspirators including but not limited to bank and financial records, spreadsheets, le
