# EFTA02315877

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Feierstein, Kimberly|
|Sent|Sunday, September 30, 2012 2:47 P=|
|Subject|Fwd:|

---

**[FULL]:** sions o= the table by chance so he know how large of a truck to organize? Also, is t=at a coffee table in the same pic? If it is, is it available as well?<=o:p> <=iV> EFTA_R1_01212552 EFTA02315877 =egin forwarded message: =0:p> From: =b>Date: September 28, 2012 6:03:18 A= EDT <mailto =o: Eva Andersson < <mailto Hey Kim, > > > > The only thing that might be useful to us is the wooden plank dining t=ble in this photo. Also not sure if the wooden coffee table is available to=? That would be it from the Palm Beach batch. The issue I have is that Janu=z is in NY at the moment filling in for th

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Monday, October 1, 2012 1:25 PM 
To: 
Janusz Banasiak 
Subject: 
Fwd: RE: Fwd: 
Would you be able to pick u= a wooden dining table from Eva's old apt at The Breakers and take to stora=e unit. We may 
be shipping it to the ranch. It's about 3x5 in size. It's th= table closest to the camera in the photo that you can only see 
the corner o= 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Feierstein, Kimberly < 
<mailto 
> > 
Dat=: October 1, 2012 3:49:36 PM GMT+03:00 
To: 'M 
<mailto 
Subj=ct: RE: Fwd: 
<=lockquote type="cite"> 
> > 
Can he meet Brenda on Tuesday at 1:00?&nb=p; Her cell in case he needs it is 
The dimensions of t=e 
big table is roughly 3x5. Also, the other thing in the pic is a cha=se lounge, not a coffee table. 
From: 
itrnailto 
Sent: Sunday, September 30, 2012 2:47 P= 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Fwd: 
Hey Kim, 
Janusz end=d up going back to PB for a few days, so he will be there this week Tuesday=and Wed. I can have him arrange 
to pick up the large plank wooden table and=have it taken to our storage unit. Would you be able to get the dimensions 
o= the table by chance so he know how large of a truck to organize? Also, is t=at a coffee table in the same pic? If it is, is 
it available as well?<=o:p> 
<=iV> 
EFTA_R1_01212552 
EFTA02315877

=egin forwarded message: 
=0:p> 
From: 
=b>Date: September 28, 2012 6:03:18 A= EDT 
<mailto 
=o: Eva Andersson < 
<mailto 
Hey Kim, 
> > 
> > 
The only thing that might be useful to us is the wooden plank dining t=ble in this photo. Also not sure if the wooden 
coffee table is available to=? That would be it from the Palm Beach batch. The issue I have is that Janu=z is in NY at the 
moment filling in for the NY staff while they are on vaca=ion. We don't have anyone in PB right now who could come 
pick up the items.=ls there anyway we could pick up the table at a later date? 
<=div> 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It m=y contain confidential information. If you 
are not the intended recipient y=u are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of th=s e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received=this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender 
by replying to t=is e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Th=nk you. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01212553 
EFTA02315878

