# EFTA02429085

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <leeyacation@gmailcom>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Sun Mar 21 10:56:12 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comfjeeyacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 3/21/2010 4:20:42 PM Subject: Re: I'd LOVE to see you and catch up. be out of town from 3/24-4/4. Where might you be around then? From: Jeffrey Epstein <leeyacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sun Mar 21 10:56:12 2010 Subject: well? I will be in new york thurs and fr

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comfjeeyacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 3/21/2010 4:20:42 PM Subject: Re: I'd LOVE to see you and catch up. be out of town from 3/24-4/4. Where might you be around then? From: Jeffrey Epstein <leeyacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sun Mar 21 10:56:12 2010 Subject: well? I will be in new york thurs and fri ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comfjeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Sun 3/21/2010 4:20:42 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I'd LOVE to see you and catch up. 
be out of town from 3/24-4/4. Where might you be around then? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <leeyacation@gmailcom> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Sun Mar 21 10:56:12 2010 
Subject: 
well? I will be in new york thurs and fri 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01498618 
EFTA02429085

