# EFTA02591183

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** October 3, 2014 8:11 PM To: Pritzker, Tom Subject: Re: On Friday October 3, 2014, Pritzker, Tom = =a» wrote: Yup. On Oct 3, 2014, at 10:16 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com <javascript:_e(%7B%7D='cvml','jeevacation@gmail.com');> wrote: in our jewish poker game, I see you called my- "= Bill Gates" and raised me a " president", I am examining m= cards and unless i hold a- female noble prize winner with a great b=dy, I might have to throw in my hand and concede the pot On Thu, Oct 2, 2014 at 9:58 PM, Pritzker, Tom <javascript:_e(%7B%7D,icvmr ;> w=ote: Spent 2.5 hours with president last

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, October 3, 2014 8:11 PM 
To: 
Pritzker, Tom 
Subject: 
Re: 
On Friday October 3, 2014, Pritzker, Tom = 
=a» wrote: 
Yup. 
On Oct 3, 2014, at 10:16 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D='cvml','jeevacation@gmail.com');> wrote: 
in our jewish poker game, I see you called my- "= Bill Gates" and raised me a " president", I am 
examining m= cards and unless i hold a- female noble prize winner with a great b=dy, I might have to throw in my hand 
and concede the pot 
On Thu, Oct 2, 2014 at 9:58 PM, Pritzker, Tom 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,icvmr 
;> w=ote: 
Spent 2.5 hours with president last night. Fascinating. 
On my way to Oxford to hang with Ruben. 
More later. What number? 
The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely =or the 
addressee(s) and may contain confidential and/or privileged informa=ion and may be legally protected from disclosure. 
If you are not the inten=ed recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in 
error, please=immediately alert the sender by reply email and then delete this message a=d any attachments. If you are 
not the intended recipient, you are hereby n=tified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or 
its attachments is strictly prohibi=ed. 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01773570 
EFTA02591183

The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,icvmli=jeevacation@gmail.corni);> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely =or the addressee(s) and may 
contain confidential and/or privileged informa=ion and may be legally protected from disclosure. If you are not the 
inten=ed recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, 
please=immediately alert the sender by reply email and then delete this message a=d any attachments. If you are not 
the intended recipient, you are hereby n=tified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its 
attachments is strictly prohibi=ed. 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addresse=. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying =f this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and =ay be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and<=r>destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all atta=hments. copyright 
-all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01773571 
EFTA02591184

