# EFTA02325768

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, doctor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Dr. Eiss|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Karyna Shuliak Sent: Monday, August 1, 1 : 1 To: Eva Dubin Cc: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Dr. Eiss Rosalyn S. Fontanilla DOB: February 13th, 1955 Eva, do you need Lyn to call the doctor and give her verbal permission for you to talk to them? Thank you! On Aug 1, 2016, at 4:46 PM, Eva Dubin what is Lynn's last name and date of birth. Did she gi

**[FULL]:** : Karyna Shuliak Sent: Monday, August 1, 1 : 1 To: Eva Dubin Cc: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Dr. Eiss Rosalyn S. Fontanilla DOB: February 13th, 1955 Eva, do you need Lyn to call the doctor and give her verbal permission for you to talk to them? Thank you! On Aug 1, 2016, at 4:46 PM, Eva Dubin what is Lynn's last name and date of birth. Did she give permission to all these doctors to talk to me....? From: Subject: Dr. Eiss Date: Mon, 1 Aug 2016 16:12:07 -0400 ; jeevacation@gmail.com cmailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Hi Eva, This is the contact info I found for Dr. Eiss, Lyn's docto

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Sent: 
Monday, August 1, 
1 : 1 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Cc: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: Dr. Eiss 
Rosalyn S. Fontanilla 
DOB: February 13th, 1955 
Eva, do you need Lyn to call the doctor and give her verbal permission for you to talk to them? 
Thank you! 
On Aug 1, 2016, at 4:46 PM, Eva Dubin 
what is Lynn's last name and date of birth. 
Did she give permission to all these doctors to talk to me....? 
From: 
Subject: Dr. Eiss 
Date: Mon, 1 Aug 2016 16:12:07 -0400 
; jeevacation@gmail.com 
cmailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Hi Eva, 
This is the contact info I found for Dr. Eiss, Lyn's doctor 
> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01245600 
EFTA02325768

