# EFTA00026483 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 6

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Thrapp, Jacklyn
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, October 22, 2021 11:18 AM
- **Subject:** (EXTERNAL] Press Question (Ghislaine Maxwell Trial)

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' k's To: "aliillir=1.> 4 (USANYS) [Contractor]" Cc: aSANYSa> )" Subject: FW: Press Question (Ghislaine Maxwell Trial) Date: Fri, 22 Oct 2021 15:26:20 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg Passing this on. From: Thrapp, Jacklyn Sent: Friday, October 22, 2021 11:18 AM To: (USANYS) Subject: (EXTERNAL] Press Question (Ghislaine Maxwell Trial) cM > Hello, >; I'm a reporter for the National

### Match 2
> ntractor]" Cc: aSANYSa> )" Subject: FW: Press Question (Ghislaine Maxwell Trial) Date: Fri, 22 Oct 2021 15:26:20 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg Passing this on. From: Thrapp, Jacklyn Sent: Friday, October 22, 2021 11:18 AM To: (USANYS) Subject: (EXTERNAL] Press Question (Ghislaine Maxwell Trial) cM > Hello, >; I'm a reporter for the National Enquirer covering the trial of Ghislaine Maxwell. I heard won't be called to the stand during the trial. Is this true? And if so, can you elaborate on why, if possible. Thanks JACKI THRAPP REPORTER THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER EFTA00026483

### Match 3
> 15:26:20 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg Passing this on. From: Thrapp, Jacklyn Sent: Friday, October 22, 2021 11:18 AM To: (USANYS) Subject: (EXTERNAL] Press Question (Ghislaine Maxwell Trial) cM > Hello, >; I'm a reporter for the National Enquirer covering the trial of Ghislaine Maxwell. I heard won't be called to the stand during the trial. Is this true? And if so, can you elaborate on why, if possible. Thanks JACKI THRAPP REPORTER THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER EFTA00026483

### Match 4
> From: ' k's To: "aliillir=1.> 4 (USANYS) [Contractor]" Cc: aSANYSa> )" Subject: FW: Press Question (Ghislaine Maxwell Trial) Date: Fri, 22 Oct 2021 15:26:20 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg Passing this on. From: Thrapp, Jacklyn Sent: Friday, October 22, 2021 11:18 AM To: (USANYS) Subject: (EXTERNAL] Press Question (Ghislaine Maxwell Trial) cM > Hello, >; I'm a reporter for the N

### Match 5
> ntractor]" Cc: aSANYSa> )" Subject: FW: Press Question (Ghislaine Maxwell Trial) Date: Fri, 22 Oct 2021 15:26:20 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.jpg; image002.jpg Passing this on. From: Thrapp, Jacklyn Sent: Friday, October 22, 2021 11:18 AM To: (USANYS) Subject: (EXTERNAL] Press Question (Ghislaine Maxwell Trial) cM > Hello, >; I'm a reporter for the National Enquirer covering the trial of Ghislaine Maxwell. I heard won't be called to the stand during the trial. Is this true? And if so, can you elaborate on why, if possible. Thanks JACKI THRAPP REPORTER THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER EFTA0
