# EFTA02478631

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: TITLE | XRefs: president

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[TITLE]:** e Woodard Herbie Hancock Tony Kushner Natalia Zukerman 4>=8B </=iv> and those who have agreed to tape with me include=C2. EFTA_R1_01593340 EFTA02478631 Sally Fie=d Lena Dunham<=div> Yo Yo Ma <=div> Anna Deveare Sm=th an= more. =C240 Those in=other fields include journalists, senators, president clinton etc etc. You=t139;ve read my pitch before (many times) His is one of only two releases that we haven't gotten= What do you think of my chances? Lisa =br> Elisa New Powell M. Cabot Professor of American Literature =br>Harvard University 148 Barker Center 12 Quincy Street Cambridg=, MA O213

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, December 7, 2015 7:04 PM 
To: 
Lisa New 
Subject: 
Re: and....another bit of advice ...? on WA 
send me the list of policticans the list you s=nt will generate an of course not 
=div class=" mail quote">On Mon, Dec 7, 2015 at 3:01 PM, Lisa New < 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Dear Je=frey, 
As you proba=ly know, Woody Allen's legal team said that we couldn't use the fi=m we shot of him: online, for 
broadcast, anywhere. 
It was a fantastic experience taping=with him and so, even if I can't ever use the footage, I'm still g=ateful to you 
for making the day possible. But of course I'd like to u=e the footage. I decided when--way back-- we got this very 
negative answer=back from his lawyers that I should just take my time about as=ing --since it would take us 2 years to 
be ready to edit the footage anywa= (The online course is chronological. When I taped Woody we were still bac= in 
1730. Now we've gotten to the 1920s) 
Well, we've now arrived at the season when w='II be editing materials on William Carlos Williams for our course 
on =odernism and, as we discussed on Saturday, on poetry and othe= arts, The Poetry of Art, Sport, and Play 
I would also, of course, love to make a tv e=isode out of the conversation, but the threshold question is whether 
he L=;11 let us use it for anything at all. In case it would matter,*=A0 
<=iv class="gmail_default" style="font-size:small">Other performers Q=A0who have already taped with me 
include 
John Lithgow, 
Diane Paulus 
Julie Taymor 
Nas 
Eve Ensler 
Damian Woetzel 
Kate Burton 
III Buck Riley 
Alfre Woodard 
Herbie Hancock 
Tony Kushner 
Natalia Zukerman 4>=8B 
</=iv> 
and those who have agreed to tape with me include=C2. 
EFTA_R1_01593340 
EFTA02478631

Sally Fie=d 
Lena Dunham<=div> 
Yo Yo Ma <=div> 
Anna Deveare Sm=th 
an= more. 
=C240 
Those in=other fields include journalists, senators, president clinton etc etc. You=t139;ve read my pitch before 
(many times) 
His is one of only two releases that we haven't gotten= What do you think of my chances? 
Lisa 
=br> 
Elisa New 
Powell M. Cabot Professor of American Literature =br>Harvard University 
148 Barker Center 
12 Quincy Street 
Cambridg=, MA 
O2138 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is 
confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If =ou have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and 
destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01593341 
EFTA02478632

