# EFTA02463533

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, May 3, 2016 9:42 PM To: Glenn Dubin; Eva Dubin Glenn, n the island. why dont you and eva join them =AO you are more than welcome I will not be there but you can s=uba. fish windsurf, tennis, jet ski. snorket. hike. =AO sun, swim with dolphins.. seals.. , you would have full u=e. I will be in europe =AO please note The informat

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, May 3, 2016 9:42 PM To: Glenn Dubin; Eva Dubin Glenn, n the island. why dont you and eva join them =AO you are more than welcome I will not be there but you can s=uba. fish windsurf, tennis, jet ski. snorket. hike. =AO sun, swim with dolphins.. seals.. , you would have full u=e. I will be in europe =AO please note The information contain

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, May 3, 2016 9:42 PM 
To: 
Glenn Dubin; Eva Dubin 
Glenn,  
n the island. why dont you and eva join them =AO you are more 
than welcome I will not be there but you can s=uba. fish windsurf, tennis, jet ski. snorket. hike. =AO sun, swim with 
dolphins.. seals.. , you would have full u=e. I will be in europe 
=AO please note 
The information contained in this communicati=n is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute=inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. =t is the property of JEE Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of =his communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may=be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please n=tify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com> , and =estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a1140c72a02efc80531f6fa0a-- conversation-id 81389 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1462311709 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 609535 
1 
EFTA_R1_01570577 
EFTA02463533

