# EFTA02722779

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationggmail.com]|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent|Thursday, February 21, 2013 10:04 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: jeevacation©gmaitcom[jeevacation©gmail.com]; jeevacation©gmaiLcompeevaeation@gmail.com] From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent Thur 2/21/2013 3:07:56 PM Subject: Re: Not sure. I might stay for Music DJ week end. Next week I have to be in LA From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationggmail.com] Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2013 10:04 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: arc you comign to ny, ***********************

**[FULL]:** com]; jeevacation©gmaiLcompeevaeation@gmail.com] From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent Thur 2/21/2013 3:07:56 PM Subject: Re: Not sure. I might stay for Music DJ week end. Next week I have to be in LA From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationggmail.com] Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2013 10:04 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: arc you comign to ny, *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the prope

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcom[jeevacation©gmail.com]; 
jeevacation©gmaiLcompeevaeation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent 
Thur 2/21/2013 3:07:56 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Not sure. I might stay for Music DJ week end. Next week I have to be in LA 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationggmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, February 21, 2013 10:04 AM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
arc you comign to ny, 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_02208134 
EFTA02722779

