# EFTA00024235 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** Christian Everdel
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) - discovery and exhibits

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ditional discovery production ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. The production will be made via USAfx. The materials on USAfx will include additional exhibits. Attached please find the accompanying index. We will send a CD with the materials to the MDC for Ms. Maxwell. If you would prefer that she receive the production on a drive, we can either request that the MDC send us one of the drives back to load with the production, or we can load a new drive if you would like to provide us with one. Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney United States Attorney's

### Match 2
> From• To: Christian Everdel BOBBI C STERNHEIM , Laura Menning' Jeff Pagliuca Cc Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) - discovery and exhibits Date: Fri, 29 Oct 2021 00:25:57 +0000 Attachments: 2021.10.28_Maxwell_Discovery_Letter.pdf; 2021.10.28 US v. Maxwell Government Exhibit Index (Defense).pdf Counsel, we have an additional discovery production ready to send to you. Attached please find t

### Match 3
> From• To: Christian Everdel BOBBI C STERNHEIM , Laura Menning' Jeff Pagliuca Cc Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) - discovery and exhibits Date: Fri, 29 Oct 2021 00:25:57 +0000 Attachments: 2021.10.28_Maxwell_Discovery_Letter.pdf; 2021.10.28 US v. Maxwell Government Exhibit Index (Defense).pdf Counsel, we have an additional discovery production ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter. The production will be made via USAfx. The materials on USAfx will include additional exhibits. Attached please find the accompany
