# EFTA02436866

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Peggy Siegal|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: Labor Day|

---

**[FULL]:** Harlem home• the end of films shows education is their salvation..and main character is triumphant. Very moving film. So last night at Pete Peterson's I saw Superintendent of New York Schools Joel Klein and told him about the film....now he wants to see it asap...he is going to LA Tuedsay with Bill Gates and Viacom and they have a hugh program about education...I think Obama is making a speech to school children Tuesday...and Ophrah has put her name on it and is the executive producer...she is doing five parts on tv...and will premiere it next week at The Toronto Film Festival (I am going for 

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Mon 9/7/2009 4:56:06 AM 
Subject: Re: Labor Day 
Title: Re: Labor Day 
Top people at Perelman's. 
Jon Hon Jovi 
Mellencamp 
Richard Gcrc 
Jimmy Buffet 
Lorne Michaels 
Mickey Drexler 
Ron Delesner 
John Hess 
Rachel Zoe (stylist) 
Angelica Huston 
Russel Simmons 
Head of Pepsi (black) 
Penny Marshall 
Ken Chanault 
Lori Singer 
Gina Gershon 
Jaynie Chase (Chevy in LA) 
Etc. 
xoxo peg 
— Original Message —
From: Peggy Siegal 
To:',ieevacation@gmail.com' <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sun Sep 06 19:28:59 2009 
Subject: Labor Day 
Saw Eva Dubin yesterday with her kids in Perri Peltz and Eric Ruttenberg's guest house....she is beyond beautiful. 
Saturday morning, everyone in tennis/exercize clothes and she was wearing grey knee length tights and a tight top...with a 
perfit figure. 
We spoke about you...she says she calls everyday... 
and you are well. 
I am on my way to Ronald Perelman's barbeque tonight for I 00...will report. 
Had lunch on with Pepe and Emilia on their boat...it was too windy to go out so we ate on board in the harbor... 
They are headed back to Palm Beach tomorrow. 
The screening of "Precious" was very successful Friday....film is very powerful and after watching black people treat each 
other like animals in their Harlem home• the end of films shows education is their salvation..and main character is 
triumphant. 
Very moving film. 
So last night at Pete Peterson's I saw Superintendent of New York Schools Joel Klein and told him about the film....now he 
wants to see it asap...he is going to LA Tuedsay with Bill Gates and Viacom and they have a hugh program about 
education...I think Obama is making a speech to school children Tuesday...and Ophrah has put her name on it and is the 
executive producer...she is doing five parts on tv...and will premiere it next week at The Toronto Film Festival (I am going 
for the weekend) and will bring it to the White House as well. Film Oscar bound. 
Will email about Perelman's later....kosher barbeque? 
EFTA_R1_01509501 
EFTA02436866

xoxo Pcg 
EFTA_R1_01509502 
EFTA02436867

