# EFTA02457390

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.comg=>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, July 29, 2016 2:14 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: yes On Fri, Jul 29, 2016 at 10:12 AM, Eva Dubin = are you in Palm beach? From: jeevacation@gmail.comg=> Date: Fri, 29 Jul 2016 08:04:39 -0400 Subject: To: =br would you consdier taking janusch and his wife f=r north salem pl=ase note The information contained in this commu

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, July 29, 2016 2:14 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: yes On Fri, Jul 29, 2016 at 10:12 AM, Eva Dubin = are you in Palm beach? From: jeevacation@gmail.comg=> Date: Fri, 29 Jul 2016 08:04:39 -0400 Subject: To: =br would you consdier taking janusch and his wife f=r north salem pl=ase note The information contained in this communication is con=idential, may be attorney-client privileged, may

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, July 29, 2016 2:14 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
yes 
On Fri, Jul 29, 2016 at 10:12 AM, Eva Dubin = 
are you in Palm beach? 
From: jeevacation@gmail.comg=> 
Date: Fri, 29 Jul 2016 08:04:39 -0400 
Subject: 
To: 
=br 
would you consdier taking janusch and his wife f=r north salem 
pl=ase note 
The information contained in this communication is 
con=idential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside info=mation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the pr=perty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
comm=nication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful= If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us imm=diately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@=mail.com> , and 
destroy this=communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyri=ht -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01561170 
EFTA02457390

The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01561171 
EFTA02457391

