# EFTA00023011 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Thurgood Marshall United States Courthouse, 40 Foley Square, in the City of New York, on the 27'h day of April, two thousand twenty-one. PRESENT: PIERRE N. LEVAL, RAYMOND J. LOHIER, JR., RICHARD J. SULLIVAN, Circuit Judges. United States of America, Appellee, v. 21-58-cr (L) 21-770-cr Ghislaine Maxwell, AKA Sealed Defendant 1, Defendant-Appellant. Defendant-Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell appeals from orders of the District Court entered December 28, 2020 and March 22, 2021, which denied her renewed requests for bail pending trial. See Dkts. 1, 20. Upon due consideration, it is hereby ORDERED tha

### Match 2
> , on the 27'h day of April, two thousand twenty-one. PRESENT: PIERRE N. LEVAL, RAYMOND J. LOHIER, JR., RICHARD J. SULLIVAN, Circuit Judges. United States of America, Appellee, v. 21-58-cr (L) 21-770-cr Ghislaine Maxwell, AKA Sealed Defendant 1, Defendant-Appellant. Defendant-Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell appeals from orders of the District Court entered December 28, 2020 and March 22, 2021, which denied her renewed requests for bail pending trial. See Dkts. 1, 20. Upon due consideration, it is hereby ORDERED that the District Court's orders are AFFIRMED and that Appellant's motion for bail, or i

### Match 3
> Thurgood Marshall United States Courthouse, 40 Foley Square, in the City of New York, on the 27'h day of April, two thousand twenty-one. PRESENT: PIERRE N. LEVAL, RAYMOND J. LOHIER, JR., RICHARD J. SULLIVAN, Circuit Judges. United States of America, Appellee, v. 21-58-cr (L) 21-770-cr Ghislaine Maxwell, AKA Sealed Defendant 1, Defendant-Appellant. Defendant-Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell appeals from orders of the District Court entered December 28, 2020 and March 22, 2021, which denied her renewed requests for bail pending trial. See Dkts. 1, 20. Upon due consideration, it is hereby ORD

### Match 4
> , on the 27'h day of April, two thousand twenty-one. PRESENT: PIERRE N. LEVAL, RAYMOND J. LOHIER, JR., RICHARD J. SULLIVAN, Circuit Judges. United States of America, Appellee, v. 21-58-cr (L) 21-770-cr Ghislaine Maxwell, AKA Sealed Defendant 1, Defendant-Appellant. Defendant-Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell appeals from orders of the District Court entered December 28, 2020 and March 22, 2021, which denied her renewed requests for bail pending trial. See Dkts. 1, 20. Upon due consideration, it is hereby ORDERED that the District Court's orders are AFFIRMED and that Appellant's motion for ba

### Match 5
> 21.58-cr (L), 21.770-cr United States v. Maxwell United States Court of Appeals FOR THE SECOND CIRCUIT At a stated term of the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, held at the Thurgood Marshall United States Courthouse, 40 Foley Square, in the City of New York, on the 27'h day of April, two thousand twenty-one. PRESENT:
