# EFTA02668537

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin .. 1). Sent: Sunday, November 27, 2016 3:49 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Did you leave yet?? Sent from my iPhone On Nov 26, 2016, at 6:51 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: after our dinner conversation i realized that though=writing is a great s

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin ..
1). 
Sent: 
Sunday, November 27, 2016 3:49 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
Did you leave yet?? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 26, 2016, at 6:51 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: 
after our dinner conversation i realized that though=writing is a great skill it is also only a part of todays 
communicai=on. i woudl suggest each child learn how to make and edit a vi=eo of themselves. speaking. video will be 
the mean= as opposed to letters. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01920715 
EFTA02668537

