# EFTA02376035

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: girlfriend

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> ]|
|To|Glenn Dubin|
|Sent|Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:38 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Glenn Dubin Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 2:49 PM To: jeffrey E.' Subject: RE: Re: I'm sorry, not like him. Please have your office send me the bill. G From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:47 AM To: Glenn Dubin Subject: Re: ana said she thinks jordon

**[FULL]:** From: Glenn Dubin Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 2:49 PM To: jeffrey E.' Subject: RE: Re: I'm sorry, not like him. Please have your office send me the bill. G From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:47 AM To: Glenn Dubin Subject: Re: ana said she thinks jordon might have let the girlfriend drive. - tie rods totally bent and needed to be towed to barge. sending out for a new wheel assembly. . she said taken without permission , driven and left beat up and filthy. / "both jordan and sidney apologized , . no bi

**[FULL]:** ht have let the girlfriend drive. - tie rods totally bent and needed to be towed to barge. sending out for a new wheel assembly. . she said taken without permission , driven and left beat up and filthy. / "both jordan and sidney apologized , . no biggy for me On Wed, Mar 15, 2017 at 10:38 AM, Glenn Dubin wrote: Please, thx From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> ] Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:38 AM To: Glenn Dubin Subject: ive asked for details . sorry. please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-

**[FULL]:** ission , driven and left beat up and filthy. / "both jordan and sidney apologized , . no biggy for me On Wed, Mar 15, 2017 at 10:38 AM, Glenn Dubin wrote: Please, thx From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> ] Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:38 AM To: Glenn Dubin Subject: ive asked for details . sorry. please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE EFTA_R1_01385043 EFTA0237

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Glenn Dubin 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 15, 2017 2:49 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E.' 
Subject: 
RE: Re: 
I'm sorry, not like him. Please have your office send me the bill. G 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:47 AM 
To: Glenn Dubin 
Subject: Re: 
ana said she thinks jordon might have let the girlfriend drive. - 
tie rods totally bent and needed to be towed to barge. 
sending out for a new wheel assembly. . 
she said taken without permission , driven and left beat up and filthy. / 
"both jordan and sidney apologized , . 
no biggy for me 
On Wed, Mar 15, 2017 at 10:38 AM, Glenn Dubin
 wrote: 
Please, thx 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> ] 
Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:38 AM 
To: Glenn Dubin 
Subject: 
ive asked for details . sorry. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA_R1_01385043 
EFTA02376035

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01385044 
EFTA02376036

