# EFTA02503676

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: To: Subject: visa?> jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Monday, April 20, 2015 4:27 PM Eva Dubin Re: FW: Help in the kitchen. On Mon, Apr 20, 2015 at 10:55 AM, Eva Dubin > From > S=bject: Help in the kitchen. > Date: Mon, 20 Apr 2015 12:19:49 > Hi Eva, > I was just wo=dering if you might the end of August? > I have no problems t= relocate or > Looking forward to your reply. > Va=lig

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: To: Subject: visa?> jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Monday, April 20, 2015 4:27 PM Eva Dubin Re: FW: Help in the kitchen. On Mon, Apr 20, 2015 at 10:55 AM, Eva Dubin > From > S=bject: Help in the kitchen. > Date: Mon, 20 Apr 2015 12:19:49 > Hi Eva, > I was just wo=dering if you might the end of August? > I have no problems t= relocate or > Looking forward to your reply. > Va=ligen > Gustaf > CHEF DE PARTIE STHLM AB please =ote > wrote: +0200c=r» T

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
visa?> 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Monday, April 20, 2015 4:27 PM 
Eva Dubin 
Re: FW: Help in the kitchen. 
On Mon, Apr 20, 2015 at 10:55 AM, Eva Dubin 
> From 
> S=bject: Help in the kitchen. 
> Date: Mon, 20 Apr 2015 12:19:49 
> Hi Eva, 
> I was just wo=dering if you might 
the end of August? 
> I have no problems t= relocate or 
> Looking forward to your reply. 
> Va=ligen 
> Gustaf 
> CHEF DE PARTIE STHLM AB 
please =ote 
> wrote: 
+0200c=r» T°:
) 
have any leads on anyone in need of a chef over the su=mers, mid June to 
work in the States. The same goes for work in Sweden or Europ=. 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
EFTA_R1_01632576 
EFTA02503676

jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01632577 
EFTA02503677

