# EFTA02369095

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** the UK. But in New York next wednesday and > would love to see you then. > In the meantime my friend Adel Al Ghazzawi is in New York, and I would > love for you to say Hello. It is regarding Steve Ross and The Related > Group, and very interesting investment opportunities. He had dinner > with Prince Andrew and I last night and we both thought you should > meet. > This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and > intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they > are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify > the sender immediately

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Tuesday, January 5, 2010 1:13 PM 
Re: 
Of course I will be there tomorrow and next thurs 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 5, 2010, at 7:58 AM, "Sarah" 
rote: 
> Jeffrey.. Hello I am in the UK. But in New York next wednesday and 
> would love to see you then. 
> In the meantime my friend Adel Al Ghazzawi is in New York, and I would 
> love for you to say Hello. It is regarding Steve Ross and The Related 
> Group, and very interesting investment opportunities. He had dinner 
> with Prince Andrew and I last night and we both thought you should 
> meet. 
> This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and 
> intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they 
> are addressed. If you have received this email in error please notify 
> the sender immediately. 
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version="1.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1262697247</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>21</integer> 
</array> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>59041</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01368663 
EFTA02369095

