# EFTA02422149

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To||
|Sent|May 16, 2010 4:13 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** un 5/16/2010 3:23:18 PM Subject: Re: Tomorrow .. Monday morning programme meeting. But why I don't understand, don't you just get me to be your House Assistant. I am the most capable and desperately need the money Please Jeffrey think about it Also had David Stern down for tea yesterday with Andrew he has an update for you. Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Subject: Sent: May 16, 2010 4:13 PM india, poppy, assistants? tic ************** ittlr***********Iltlett* ************** *tit* ****** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cl

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Sun 5/16/2010 3:23:18 PM 
Subject: 
Re: 
Tomorrow .. Monday morning programme meeting. 
But why I don't understand, don't you just get me to be your House Assistant. I 
am the most capable and desperately need the money 
Please Jeffrey think about it 
Also had David Stern down for tea yesterday with Andrew he has an update for you. 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: 
Subject: 
Sent: May 16, 2010 4:13 PM 
india, poppy, assistants? 
tic ************** 
ittlr***********Iltlett* 
************** 
*tit* 
****** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely 
for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have 
received this email in error please notify the sender 
immediately. 
EFTA_R1_01488698 
EFTA02422149

