# EFTA00023962 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, August 26, 2020 3:23 PM
- **Subject:** RE: delivery of hard drive to MDC for discovery production to inmate

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> SDNY 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: Sent: Wednesday, August 26, 2020 3:23 PM Subject: RE: delivery of hard drive to MDC for discovery production to inmate Thanks very much for reaching out. I'm adding who may be able to answer your question. If there are particular files that Maxwell is having difficulty opening, please let us know, and we can try to figure out how to address the issue. EFTA00023962 Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: Sent: e nes ay, ugus , : Subject: Re: delivery of h

### Match 2
> igure out how to address the issue. EFTA00023962 Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: Sent: e nes ay, ugus , : Subject: Re: delivery of hard drive to MDC for discovery production to inmate Good afternoon, Maxwell was provided this drive on Tuesday. Staff have reported to me that she has reported that certain files do not work. Can you advise what types of files (i.e., video/excel/etc.) are on the drive and what players or applications may be necessary to view them? I'm trying to figure out what reasons ma

### Match 3
> good weekend. Best, Sent from my iPhone On Aug 14, 2020, at 7:34 AM, wrote: Thank you for letting me know! Are you aware of whether this production contains any audio discovery? EFTA00023963 EFTA00023964 8/5/2020 4:34 PM > » e ave a ar rive wi oa ediscovery a we nee o elver o islaine Maxwell, at MDC. Could you please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it's our understanding that hard drives with discovery materials for inmates needs to be non-encrypted (and not have a password for access), is that also correct? We're hoping to get these materials to her tomorr
