# EFTA02430369

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Sun Feb 14 06:53:45 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationegmail.conteevacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 2/14/2010 12:11:06 PM Subject: Re: It must be boring to be right all of the time. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sun Feb 14 06:53:45 2010 Subject: with no article yet„ as i told you , they arc using it as a fact gathering method. *****

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationegmail.conteevacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 2/14/2010 12:11:06 PM Subject: Re: It must be boring to be right all of the time. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sun Feb 14 06:53:45 2010 Subject: with no article yet„ as i told you , they arc using it as a fact gathering method. ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationegmail.conteevacationellgmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Sun 2/14/2010 12:11:06 PM 
Subject: Re: 
It must be boring to be right all of the time. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Sun Feb 14 06:53:45 2010 
Subject: 
with no article yet„ as i told you , they arc using it as a fact gathering method. 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@smaiLcom, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1500273 
EFTA02430369

