# EFTA02519945

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, August 31, 2013 10:29 PM To: Larry Cohen; Bill Gates; Boris Nikolic now that i can operate on your side of the table as oppose= to christines. you could consider a zeroed out grantor retain=d annuity trust. it would give boris the same result. with no =ax , and would be opaque to inquiry from inside your operation. =br>The information containe

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, August 31, 2013 10:29 PM 
To: 
Larry Cohen; Bill Gates; Boris Nikolic 
now that i can operate on your side of the table as oppose= to christines. 
you could consider a zeroed out grantor 
retain=d annuity trust. it would give boris the same result. with no =ax , and would be opaque to inquiry from inside 
your operation. 
 
=br>The information contained in this 
communication is confidential, may=be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and i= intended 
only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is communication 
in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or=by e-mail to je=vacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, including all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved 
--047d7b675a0af7b43604e545de15-- conversation-id 137120 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1377988163 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 337370 
1 
EFTA_R1_01656410 
EFTA02519945

