# EFTA00031606 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 9

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 255 Filed 04/29/21 Page 1 of 2 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 4/29/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On April 26, 2021, defense counsel advised the Court of an incident that took place on April 24, 2021 in which Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell's legal materia

### Match 2
> f America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 4/29/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On April 26, 2021, defense counsel advised the Court of an incident that took place on April 24, 2021 in which Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell's legal materials were seized by staff at the Metropolitan Detention Center. Dkt. No. 248. In the letter, defense counsel requested that the Court order MDC staff to provide them with more information regarding the incident. The Court ordered legal counsel for the MDC to show cause why the reque

### Match 3
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 255 Filed 04/29/21 Page 1 of 2 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 4/29/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On April 26, 2021, defense counsel advised the Court of an incident that took place on April 24, 2021 in which Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell's legal

### Match 4
> f America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 4/29/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On April 26, 2021, defense counsel advised the Court of an incident that took place on April 24, 2021 in which Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell's legal materials were seized by staff at the Metropolitan Detention Center. Dkt. No. 248. In the letter, defense counsel requested that the Court order MDC staff to provide them with more information regarding the incident. The Court ordered legal counsel for the MDC to show cause why t

### Match 5
> t. Dkt No. 254. In reply, Maxwell made additional requests. Dkt. No. 253. Defense counsel's requests are GRANTED in part and DENIED in part. IT IS ORDERED that by April 30, 2021, legal counsel to the MDC must provide the following information: I. If known, an inventory of the items seized from Ms. Maxwell in the incident that occurred on April 24, 2021 shall be provided by email to defense counsel only; and 2. A representation to this Court, to be filed on ECF, indicating: a. Whether any of the materials seized from Ms. Maxwell were duplicated in any fashion and what investigation was undertaken

### Match 6
> wing information: I. If known, an inventory of the items seized from Ms. Maxwell in the incident that occurred on April 24, 2021 shall be provided by email to defense counsel only; and 2. A representation to this Court, to be filed on ECF, indicating: a. Whether any of the materials seized from Ms. Maxwell were duplicated in any fashion and what investigation was undertaken in order to determine this information; EFTA00031606 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 255 Filed 04/29/21 Page 2 of 2 b. Whether Ms. Maxwell is permitted to bring confidential legal materials to in- person meetings with defense

### Match 7
> is Court, to be filed on ECF, indicating: a. Whether any of the materials seized from Ms. Maxwell were duplicated in any fashion and what investigation was undertaken in order to determine this information; EFTA00031606 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 255 Filed 04/29/21 Page 2 of 2 b. Whether Ms. Maxwell is permitted to bring confidential legal materials to in- person meetings with defense counsel without those materials being seized; c. What steps have been or will be taken to ensure the confidentiality of Ms. Maxwell's lawyer-client communications. Defense counsel's requests are denied in all

### Match 8
> ense counsel requested that the Court order MDC staff to provide them with more information regarding the incident. The Court ordered legal counsel for the MDC to show cause why the requested order should not issue. Dkt. No. 249. The MDC filed its response with the Court. Dkt No. 254. In reply, Maxwell made additional requests. Dkt. No. 253. Defense counsel's requests are GRANTED in part and DENIED in part. IT IS ORDERED that by April 30, 2021, legal counsel to the MDC must provide the following information: I. If known, an inventory of the items seized from Ms. Maxwell in the incident that

### Match 9
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 255 Filed 04/29/21 Page 2 of 2 b. Whether Ms. Maxwell is permitted to bring confidential legal materials to in- person meetings with defense counsel without those materials being seized; c. What steps have been or will be taken to ensure the confidentiality of Ms. Maxwell's lawyer-client communications. Defense counsel's requests are denied in all other respects. SO ORDERED. Dated: April 29, 2021 New York, New York ALISON J. NATHAN United States District Judge EFTA00031607
