# EFTA00015954 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, July 16, 2020 10:04
- **Subject:** RE: Epstein NY property

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: 11 Cc: Andrew Tomback < Subject: RE: Epstein NY property Date: Thu, 16 Jul 2020 14:26:46 +0000 Thanks = I'll send a dial-in for 1:30. Marc A. Weinstein I Partner Chair. Mite Collar Defense Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP One Battery Path Plaza, 17th floor I New York. NY 10004-1482 Offi• This message contains

### Match 2
> omplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this -,ich arise as a result of e-mail trans—nswan. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version. From: Sent: Thursday, July 16, 2020 10:25 AM To: ) Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: Epstein NY property CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm. Marc, Any time in that range works for us — if you send a dial-in, we'll call whenever you set it for. Thanks, and speak with you then. From: Sent: Thursday, July 16, 2020 10:04 To: • Cc:

### Match 3
> Tomback Subject: RE: Epstein NY property CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm. Marc, Any time in that range works for us — if you send a dial-in, we'll call whenever you set it for. Thanks, and speak with you then. From: Sent: Thursday, July 16, 2020 10:04 To: • Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: Epstein NY property >; Would you have time for a call today for an update on the NY property? If so, would something between 1:00-1:45 work? EFTA00015954 Thanks, Marc Marc A. Weinstein I Partner Chair. While Collar Defense Hughes Hubbard & Reed LLP One Battery Path Plaza,
