# EFTA00027174 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, April 22, 2021 2:06 PM
- **Subject:** Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From• To: ' Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Thu, 22 Apr 2021 20:32:57 +0000 Attachments: 2021-04- -_request_to_file_under_seal.docx; 2021- 04-22_Gov't_letter_re_GM_request_for_adjoumment_v4.docx Me too, thanks. Attached are the versions she plans to file by 5, FYI. The paragraph on the trial team's availability is the last paragra

### Match 2
> der_seal.docx; 2021- 04-22_Gov't_letter_re_GM_request_for_adjoumment_v4.docx Me too, thanks. Attached are the versions she plans to file by 5, FYI. The paragraph on the trial team's availability is the last paragraph in the letter. From: Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 3:10 PM To: Subject: RE: Maxwell Great. Thanks for letting me know. Glad we solved this. From: Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 3:09 PM To: Subject: RE: Maxwell agreed with the sealed letter, and wants to do that. I'll send you the final language as an FYI. Thank you. From: Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 2:24 PM To: Subj

### Match 3
> o file by 5, FYI. The paragraph on the trial team's availability is the last paragraph in the letter. From: Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 3:10 PM To: Subject: RE: Maxwell Great. Thanks for letting me know. Glad we solved this. From: Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 3:09 PM To: Subject: RE: Maxwell agreed with the sealed letter, and wants to do that. I'll send you the final language as an FYI. Thank you. From: Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 2:24 PM To: Subject: RE: Maxwell I should be generally around until 3. From: Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 2:06 PM To: Subject: Maxwell Maxw

### Match 4
> Thanks for letting me know. Glad we solved this. From: Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 3:09 PM To: Subject: RE: Maxwell agreed with the sealed letter, and wants to do that. I'll send you the final language as an FYI. Thank you. From: Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 2:24 PM To: Subject: RE: Maxwell I should be generally around until 3. From: Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 2:06 PM To: Subject: Maxwell Maxwell filed her substantive trial adjournment letter today at 12, and our response is due at 5. I'd like to run one thing by you that we plan to put in the response regarding our availab

### Match 5
> : RE: Maxwell agreed with the sealed letter, and wants to do that. I'll send you the final language as an FYI. Thank you. From: Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 2:24 PM To: Subject: RE: Maxwell I should be generally around until 3. From: Sent: Thursday, April 22, 2021 2:06 PM To: Subject: Maxwell Maxwell filed her substantive trial adjournment letter today at 12, and our response is due at 5. I'd like to run one thing by you that we plan to put in the response regarding our availability for trial if you have a couple of minutes to discuss. Let me know when is convenient and I'll give you
