# EFTA02675368

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|To|"Dowling= David"|
|Sent||
|Subject|AYH Discussion|

---

**[WORD]:** Reminder of 2pm call today with AYH=discussion Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded m=ssage: From: Jeffrey Eps=ein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> &=t; Date: March 8, 2013, 4 To: Lesley Groff Cc: Richard Kah Subject: Fwd: AYH Discussion Forwarded message From: Farkas, Andrew L. Date: Fri, Mar 8, 2013 at 5:01 PM Subject: AYH Discussion ><=span> To: "Dowling= David" 'eevacation mail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.co=», an e, ar , "Mukamal, Tom" When: Monday, March 11, 2013 2:00 PM-3:00 PM. (UTC-05:00) Eastern Ti=e (US & Canada This message, and any attachments

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Monday, Marc 1 , 
11: 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey 
Subject: 
Fwd: AYH Discussion REMINDER 
Attachments: 
invite.ics; Untitled attachment 00373.htm 
Reminder of 2pm call today with AYH=discussion 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded m=ssage: 
From: Jeffrey Eps=ein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> &=t; 
Date: March 8, 2013, 4 
To: Lesley Groff 
Cc: Richard Kah 
Subject: Fwd: AYH Discussion 
 
Forwarded message 
From: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Date: Fri, Mar 8, 2013 at 5:01 PM 
Subject: AYH Discussion 
><=span> 
To: "Dowling= David" 
'eevacation 
mail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.co=», an e, 
ar 
, "Mukamal, 
Tom" 
When: Monday, March 11, 2013 2:00 PM-3:00 PM. (UTC-05:00) Eastern Ti=e (US & Canada 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclu=ively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This=communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
pr=vileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or o=herwise exempt or protected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under ap=licable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notifie= that 
printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating o= using this message or any information contained 
herein (including any reli=nce thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in e=ror, please contact 
the sender immediately and destroy the message (includi=g any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in electronic o= hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a l=gally binding agreement, 
EFTA_R1_01961753 
EFTA02675368

amendment or modification of any agreement with Is=and Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fu=ly executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such af=iliate. 
The information contained in this communication is=br>confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute insid= information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unaut=orized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part ther=of is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this=br> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or b= e-mail to jeeva=ation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies there=f, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/html>= 
2 
EFTA_R1_01961754 
EFTA02675369

