# EFTA02397525

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.c=m <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** Jeffrey Subject: RE: That is so nice.&nb=p; Did you check with her? I think she=has an iPad and she is not using it a lot, but maybe she will with a new one. I'll call you. =ate: Mon, 12 Mar 2012 13:08:36 -0400 Subject: Re: From: jeevacatio=@gmail.com what? On Mon, Mar 12, 2012 at 1:07 PM, Eva Dubin Oy, oy, oy. Date: Mon, 12 Mar 2012 12:33:05 -0400 Subj=ct: From: jeevacation@gmail.c=m <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> To: i just ordered an ipad three for your birthday„ you should=have it next week The information contained in this commun=cation is confidential, may be attorney-client privi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Monday, March 12, 2012 5:46 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey 
Subject: 
RE: 
That is so nice.&nb=p; Did you check with her? I think she=has an iPad and she is not using it a lot, but maybe she will 
with a new one. I'll call you. 
=ate: Mon, 12 Mar 2012 13:08:36 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacatio=@gmail.com 
what? 
On Mon, Mar 12, 2012 at 1:07 PM, Eva Dubin
Oy, oy, oy. 
Date: Mon, 12 Mar 2012 12:33:05 -0400 
Subj=ct: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.c=m <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
i just ordered an ipad three for your birthday„ you should=have it next week 
The information contained in this commun=cation is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute insi=e information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It =s the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or=copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unla=ful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify =s immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevac=tion@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
wrote: 
1 
EFTA_R1_01430734 
EFTA02397525

including all attac=ments. copyright -all rights reserved 
**** 
******* 
** ******** 
**,* 
******* 
11th 
***** 
111th ********** 
** 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may=br> constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the=addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use=2C disclos date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1331574422 flags 261121 original-mailbox 
imap:Meevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail remote-id 210861 
2 
EFTA_R1_01430735 
EFTA02397526

