# EFTA02539170

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, palace, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=span style="font-size:10.0pt"> Sarah [mailto|
|To|James Henderson|
|Sent|24 May 2011 11:35|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** hat I ws broken and not the strong person you know, and I got completely obliterated too, and I saw all my childrens work etc disappearing.. I shut =own and everyone out. I was frightened. The Palace system is frightening, and e=ch step I turned or each action was wrong and I did not want to hurt Andrew on= more time. So Jeffrey, this email is sent with a hope you accept, and understand a lit=le of my side too. We are and have both been in the firing line, both blamed for stuff we have=not done, this front line attack has been like this for me for 22 years. You wo=ld have thought I was thick s

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, May 24, 2011 11:08 AM 
To: 
James Henderson 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: 
please send to me, any questions you may have„ i am unaware of any info r=quested 
On Tue, May 24, 2011 at 7:05 AM,=James Henderson 
crnailt°:
wro=e: 
At the =ame time as correcting this issue in interviews Jeffrey Epstein's lawyer sent me a suggested letter in your 
name which I copied to you — po=t my request for further information I never heard anything more on this.=/p> 
James4=pan> 
Ja=es Henderson 
Managing Director 
Direct line: +44(0)20 7861 3160 
Mobile: +44 (0)20 7861 3232 <tel:%2644%20%280%297774%20444163> Fax: +44 (0)2= 7861 3233 
<tel:%2B44%20=280%2920%207861%203233> 
www.pelhambellpottinger.co.uk 
<http://www.pelhambellpottinge=.co.uk> 
 
=85 
A CarbonNeutra=t<=sup> company 
From:=span style="font-size:10.0pt"> Sarah [mailto 
<mailto 
Sent: 24 May 2011 11:35 
To: James Henderson 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: Fw: Fw: 
James, I am also confused. We have corrected the pro=lem, publicly with People Magazine and The New York 
Times. Although they are not=out yet, so were we not waiting for the answers back from Jeffreys team? 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intend=d solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom they are addressed. =f you have received this email in error please notify the sender 
immediately. 
EFTA_R1_01687277 
EFTA02539170

From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:j=evacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Tue, 24 May 2011 06:24:44 •0400 
T : 
Subject: Re: Fw: 
=gt; 
I understand why„ it=says that james and I would work on a solution, I thought we had, but I have not seen=the 
letter that was promised. 
On Tue, May 24, 2011 at 6:04 AM, Sarah <
wrote: 
fyi 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom they are addressed. =f you have received this email in error please notify the sender 
immediately. 
 
Original Message 
From: "Sarah" 
Date: Wed, 27 Apr 2011 02:17:01 
To: Jeffrey Epstein<jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Reply-To: 
It is really horrendous to be continually used to hurt people you care deep=y about by the newspapers. It is 
beyond any words, as you know. 
I know you spoke to James. I of all people understand what it feels like to=be castagated by the Tabloids. I know 
how you feel. 
I know you also feel hellaciously let down by me, from what you were either told or read, and I must humbly 
apologise to you and your heart for that. Y=u have always been a steadfast, generous and supreme friend to me and my 
fami=y. 
As you know I did absolutely not say the P. Word about you. But understand =t was reported that I did. 
However, I am apologising to you today for not replying to your email, or reaching out to you when the tabloids 
were so vicious and horrendous... In =he weeks leading up to that monday when I made my statement. And then 
afterwar=s. When they used me to hurt you beyond realms. 
As you know, it was and is the worst nightmare for you, but also for me. As=you know the whole story did not 
come about because of me. 
However because of my statement they made it worse for you. I understand al= this. 
You know me well, and we are steadfast to that. But, I must apologise for n=t reaching out to you or answering 
your email. It is unlike me. Therefore, yo= can only deduce, that something else must have been going on, for me to 
rea=t in this way. So in the eye of your storm, which I know is hellacious, may l=ask you to accept my apology for not 
reaching out to you, in the eye of MY stor=, and accept and understand that I was in fear beyond all totality and I coul= 
not move left or right because of it, and was close to bed ridden with the =ear of what was happening. I was paralysed. I 
2 
EFTA_R1_01687278 
EFTA02539171

was advised in no uncertain terms-to having nothing to do with you, and not to speak or email you, and if I did,=l would 
cause more problems to both You and The Duke and myself. So I shut do=n and ran away. I was broken and lost. So 
please understand, as I do about yo=, that I ws broken and not the strong person you know, and I got completely 
obliterated too, and I saw all my childrens work etc disappearing.. I shut =own and everyone out. I was frightened. The 
Palace system is frightening, and e=ch step I turned or each action was wrong and I did not want to hurt Andrew on= 
more time. 
So Jeffrey, this email is sent with a hope you accept, and understand a lit=le of my side too. 
We are and have both been in the firing line, both blamed for stuff we have=not done, this front line attack has 
been like this for me for 22 years. You wo=ld have thought I was thick skinned enough to handle it. I know there are 2 
si=es to every story, I have heard yours, please hear mine. 
I am glad you spoke to James, and James made you aware from the British med=a standpoint, that all this 
hellaciousness had been going on many days BEFORE=my statement. And I was instructed to act with the uptmost 
speed, from most si=es, if I was to have any chance at all holding onto my career as a childrens bo=k author etc and a 
childrens philanthropist, and I got terrified. I should ha=e taken advice from you too, before speaking to Geordie, and 
taken a day or t=o to think of the ramifications of my actions, but for the reasons as stated above, I was in over riding 
fear. I am sorry. I just did not know what or w=ere to turn. 
I know James can send you every single article from the days, weeks, leadin= up to that Monday of the 
statement from the endless horrendous pages written a=out You and The Duke. So you can see why I became paralysed. 
I know you and James are going to work on a solution. 
In the meantime, I write this from the truth of my heart. 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom they are addressed. =f you have received this email in error please notify the sender 
immediately. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01687279 
EFTA02539172

The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01687280 
EFTA02539173

