# EFTA02392911

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Richard Kahn Sent: Thursday, July 6, 2017 6:33 PM To: Hosain Rahman Cc: Andrew Lindsay Subject: Re: Update yes 212-971-1306 thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor New York NY 10022 tel fax cel On Jul 6, 2017, at 2:31 PM, Hosain Rahman =wrote: Hi can Andrew and I call you at 12:45 pacific =ime? On Jul 6, 2017, at 11:28 =M, Ric

**[WORD]:** d Kahn Sent: Thursday, July 6, 2017 6:33 PM To: Hosain Rahman Cc: Andrew Lindsay Subject: Re: Update yes 212-971-1306 thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor New York NY 10022 tel fax cel On Jul 6, 2017, at 2:31 PM, Hosain Rahman =wrote: Hi can Andrew and I call you at 12:45 pacific =ime? On Jul 6, 2017, at 11:28 =M, Richard Kahn <mailto wrote: jeffrey is traveling and unable to =peak please advise when i can call you and best =umber for obtaining update thank =ou Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor New Yor

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Thursday, July 6, 2017 6:33 PM 
To: 
Hosain Rahman 
Cc: 
Andrew Lindsay 
Subject: 
Re: Update 
yes 212-971-1306 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
On Jul 6, 2017, at 2:31 PM, Hosain Rahman 
=wrote: 
Hi can Andrew and I call you at 12:45 pacific =ime? 
On Jul 6, 2017, at 11:28 =M, Richard Kahn 
<mailto 
wrote: 
jeffrey is traveling and unable to =peak 
please advise when i can call you and best =umber for obtaining update 
thank =ou 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
EFTA_R1_01420466 
EFTA02392911

Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: =/b>Fwd: Update 
Date: =/b>July 6, 2017 at 2:16:19 PM EDT 
To: qb>Richard Kahn 
 
Forwarded messa e = 
From: Hosain =ahman 
Date: Thu, =ul 6, 2017 at 8:15 PM 
Subject: Update 
To: =effrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Do you have a few min to chat? I wanted to update you on =hings. Let 
me know and thanks. 
please note 
The information contained in this =ommunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client =rivileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is =ntended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the =roperty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure =r copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have =eceived this 
communication in error, please notify us =mmediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this =ommunication and all copies thereof, 
including all =ttachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01420467 
EFTA02392912

