# EFTA00010132 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 8

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, November 9, 2021 7:33 AM
- **Subject:** letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: (USANYS) [Contractor]" To: 1" EMIE>, Cc: Subject: RE: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell Date: The, 09 Nov 2021 14:47:16 +0000 (USANYS) [Contractor]" Just added this to the next pending NTW 3500 folder. Thanks! From Sent: Tuesda November 9, 2021 9:07 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor > Subject: FW: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell could you please add this to NTW 3500? Thanks.

### Match 2
> 1" EMIE>, Cc: Subject: RE: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell Date: The, 09 Nov 2021 14:47:16 +0000 (USANYS) [Contractor]" Just added this to the next pending NTW 3500 folder. Thanks! From Sent: Tuesda November 9, 2021 9:07 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor > Subject: FW: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell could you please add this to NTW 3500? Thanks. From (CRM) Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 2021 7:33 AM To: (USANYS) Subject: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell Colleagues, USANYS) [Contractor] a ja My office received the attached email as citizen correspondence. Because it references Jeffre

### Match 3
> ing NTW 3500 folder. Thanks! From Sent: Tuesda November 9, 2021 9:07 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor > Subject: FW: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell could you please add this to NTW 3500? Thanks. From (CRM) Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 2021 7:33 AM To: (USANYS) Subject: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell Colleagues, USANYS) [Contractor] a ja My office received the attached email as citizen correspondence. Because it references Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell, I am forwarding it to you for whatever consideration you deem appropriate. Consistent with our standard response, we will simply

### Match 4
> ase add this to NTW 3500? Thanks. From (CRM) Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 2021 7:33 AM To: (USANYS) Subject: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell Colleagues, USANYS) [Contractor] a ja My office received the attached email as citizen correspondence. Because it references Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell, I am forwarding it to you for whatever consideration you deem appropriate. Consistent with our standard response, we will simply advise the writer to contact the FBI. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks very much, Deputy Chief for Policy and Legislation Child Exploitation and

### Match 5
> From: (USANYS) [Contractor]" To: 1" EMIE>, Cc: Subject: RE: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell Date: The, 09 Nov 2021 14:47:16 +0000 (USANYS) [Contractor]" Just added this to the next pending NTW 3500 folder. Thanks! From Sent: Tuesda November 9, 2021 9:07 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor > Subject: FW: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell could you please add this to NTW 3500? T

### Match 6
> 1" EMIE>, Cc: Subject: RE: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell Date: The, 09 Nov 2021 14:47:16 +0000 (USANYS) [Contractor]" Just added this to the next pending NTW 3500 folder. Thanks! From Sent: Tuesda November 9, 2021 9:07 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor > Subject: FW: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell could you please add this to NTW 3500? Thanks. From (CRM) Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 2021 7:33 AM To: (USANYS) Subject: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell Colleagues, USANYS) [Contractor] a ja My office received the attached email as citizen correspondence. Because it reference

### Match 7
> ing NTW 3500 folder. Thanks! From Sent: Tuesda November 9, 2021 9:07 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor > Subject: FW: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell could you please add this to NTW 3500? Thanks. From (CRM) Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 2021 7:33 AM To: (USANYS) Subject: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell Colleagues, USANYS) [Contractor] a ja My office received the attached email as citizen correspondence. Because it references Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell, I am forwarding it to you for whatever consideration you deem appropriate. Consistent with our standard response, we will

### Match 8
> ase add this to NTW 3500? Thanks. From (CRM) Sent: Tuesday, November 9, 2021 7:33 AM To: (USANYS) Subject: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell Colleagues, USANYS) [Contractor] a ja My office received the attached email as citizen correspondence. Because it references Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell, I am forwarding it to you for whatever consideration you deem appropriate. Consistent with our standard response, we will simply advise the writer to contact the FBI. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks very much, Deputy Chief for Policy and Legislation Child Exploitat
