# EFTA02543316

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: Saturday, August 27, 2011 11:12 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Tonight. Rehearsal with Russian friends before fireworks tomorrow. How are you? Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sun, 28 Aug 2011 00:35:26 +0200 To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: =told me n000000000000000000000000 The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclos

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Saturday, August 27, 2011 11:12 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Tonight. Rehearsal with Russian friends before fireworks tomorrow. How are you? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 28 Aug 2011 00:35:26 +0200 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
=told me 
n000000000000000000000000 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
1 
EFTA_R1_01694728 
EFTA02543316

