# EFTA02356398

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comJ|
|To|Glenn Dubin|
|Sent|Wednesday, June 17, 2015 4:55 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Glenn Dubin Sent: Wednesday, June 17, 2015 8:59 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: Thanks. No I haven't but I hear he's incredible as evidenced by what he did for Hank Greenberg. G Glenn Dubin Dubin & Company 767 Fifth Avenue — 45th Floor I New York, NY 10153 E From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmai

**[FULL]:** From: Glenn Dubin Sent: Wednesday, June 17, 2015 8:59 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: Thanks. No I haven't but I hear he's incredible as evidenced by what he did for Hank Greenberg. G Glenn Dubin Dubin & Company 767 Fifth Avenue — 45th Floor I New York, NY 10153 E From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comJ Sent: Wednesday, June 17, 2015 4:55 PM To: Glenn Dubin Subject: you are welcome to stay at my apt in paris. with the family, no problem at all. . driver etc. on a separate n

**[FULL]:** rey E. Subject: RE: Thanks. No I haven't but I hear he's incredible as evidenced by what he did for Hank Greenberg. G Glenn Dubin Dubin & Company 767 Fifth Avenue — 45th Floor I New York, NY 10153 E From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comJ Sent: Wednesday, June 17, 2015 4:55 PM To: Glenn Dubin Subject: you are welcome to stay at my apt in paris. with the family, no problem at all. . driver etc. on a separate note m, have you had any dealings with david bois? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitut

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Glenn Dubin 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 17, 2015 8:59 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
RE: 
Thanks. No I haven't but I hear he's incredible as evidenced by what he did for Hank Greenberg. G 
Glenn Dubin 
Dubin & Company 
767 Fifth Avenue — 45th Floor I New York, NY 10153 
E 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comJ 
Sent: Wednesday, June 17, 2015 4:55 PM 
To: Glenn Dubin 
Subject: 
you are welcome to stay at my apt in paris. with the family, no problem at all. . driver etc. 
on a separate note m, 
have you had any dealings with david bois? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01341177 
EFTA02356398

