# EFTA02342151

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein, foundation

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** om: Michael Wolff Sent: Sunday, February 1, 2015 11:26 PM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: take a look at this graph... A donor advised fund is too technical, unless you can unwr=p that. Is my description off or in the vicinity? On S=n, Feb 1, 2015 at 3:36 PM, Michael Wolff ote: q=iv> "It is Bill Gates who at the end of the summer began prodding Epstein to begin a process of public rehabilitati=n. Epstein has been advising Gates on a new way to increase the clout of the G=tes Foundation by adding a constallation of other chartiable funds that would b= bundled with the Gates operation." please

**[WORD]:** sed fund is too technical, unless you can unwr=p that. Is my description off or in the vicinity? On S=n, Feb 1, 2015 at 3:36 PM, Michael Wolff ote: q=iv> "It is Bill Gates who at the end of the summer began prodding Epstein to begin a process of public rehabilitati=n. Epstein has been advising Gates on a new way to increase the clout of the G=tes Foundation by adding a constallation of other chartiable funds that would b= bundled with the Gates operation." please note The in=ormation contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorn=y-client privileged, may constitute inside

**[WORD]:** q=iv> "It is Bill Gates who at the end of the summer began prodding Epstein to begin a process of public rehabilitati=n. Epstein has been advising Gates on a new way to increase the clout of the G=tes Foundation by adding a constallation of other chartiable funds that would b= bundled with the Gates operation." please note The in=ormation contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorn=y-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended=only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this communi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Michael Wolff 
Sent: 
Sunday, February 1, 2015 11:26 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: take a look at this graph... 
A donor advised fund is too technical, unless you can unwr=p that. Is my description off or in the vicinity? 
On S=n, Feb 1, 2015 at 3:36 PM, Michael Wolff 
ote: 
q=iv> 
"It is Bill Gates who at the end of the summer began prodding Epstein to begin a process of public rehabilitati=n. 
Epstein has been advising Gates on a new way to increase the clout of the G=tes Foundation by adding a constallation of 
other chartiable funds that would b= bundled with the Gates operation." 
please note 
The in=ormation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorn=y-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended=only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-=ail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all c=pies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved=br> 
EFTA_R1_01308834 
EFTA02342151

