# EFTA02427161

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmaitcom>|
|To|Starr, Ken; Henry Rosovsky|
|Sent|Tue Mar 30 07:16:21 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: jeeyacation©gmaitcomueeyacation©gmail.com] From: Staff, Ken Sent Tue 3/30/2010 3:38:21 PM Subject: Re: Will do. From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmaitcom> To: Starr, Ken; Henry Rosovsky Sent: Tue Mar 30 07:16:21 2010 Subject: can we fix a time and place on the 19th. Bill Gates might want to join if its ok ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmaitcomueeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Staff, Ken 
Sent 
Tue 3/30/2010 3:38:21 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Will do. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmaitcom> 
To: Starr, Ken; Henry Rosovsky 
Sent: Tue Mar 30 07:16:21 2010 
Subject: 
can we fix a time and place on the 19th. Bill Gates might want to join if its ok 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1496236 
EFTA02427161

