# EFTA02374892

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin fl it Sent: Sunday, September 1, 2013 4:20 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: At Perris house....will call a little bit later. Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sun, 1 Sep 2013 15:21:50 To: Subject: Re: =40

**[FULL]:** effrey Epstein Subject: Re: At Perris house....will call a little bit later. Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sun, 1 Sep 2013 15:21:50 To: Subject: Re: =40 775 8111 =0A=DA=0A=0A=n Sun, Sep 1, 2013 at 11:21 AM, Eva Dubin > wrote: =3 1/2 years there as well.... =Where are you? =Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry - Original Message =From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= > =Date: Sun, 1 Sep 2013 15:20:25 =To: =Subject: Re: =and then transfered? for how long at ucl

**[FULL]:** .... =Where are you? =Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry - Original Message =From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= > =Date: Sun, 1 Sep 2013 15:20:25 =To: =Subject: Re: =and then transfered? for how long at ucla? =On Sun, Sep 1, 2013 at 11:19 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: = 3 1/2 years can't remember! = Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry = Original Message = From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.=om> <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> » = Date: Sun, 1 Sep 2013 15:10:20 = Subject: EFTA

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin fl
it 
Sent: 
Sunday, September 1, 2013 4:20 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
At Perris house....will call a little bit later. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 1 Sep 2013 15:21:50 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
=40 775 8111 
=0A=DA=0A=0A=n Sun, Sep 1, 2013 at 11:21 AM, Eva Dubin 
> wrote: 
=3 1/2 years there as well.... 
=Where are you? 
=Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
- 
Original Message 
=From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= > 
=Date: Sun, 1 Sep 2013 15:20:25 
=To: 
=Subject: Re: 
=and then transfered? for how long at ucla? 
=On Sun, Sep 1, 2013 at 11:19 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
= 3 1/2 years 
can't remember! 
= Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
= 
Original Message 
= From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.=om> <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> » 
= Date: Sun, 1 Sep 2013 15:10:20 
= Subject: 
EFTA_R1_01382320 
EFTA02374892

= how many years did you go to karolinska.? did you get the mercedes t=e first year? 
= 
= **•**•*****•** 
***** ***** ****************** 
** *************** 
= The information contained in this communication is 
= confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
= constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
= the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
= Jeffrey Epstein 
= Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
= communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
= and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
= communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
= return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> 
<mailtoleevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»= <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> <mailto:j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> » , and 
= destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
= including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=The information contained in this communication is 
=confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
= constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
=the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
=Jeffrey Epstein 
=Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
=communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
= and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
=communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
=return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>  , =nd 
= destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=0A=0A=-
=he information contained in this communication is 
=onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
=constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
=he use of the addressee. It is the property of 
=effrey Epstein 
=nauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
=ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
=and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
=ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by 
=eturn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and 
=destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=nduding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01382321 
EFTA02374893

<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
creal>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
creal>1378052392</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195717</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%58Gmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>337504</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01382322 
EFTA02374894

