# EFTA02436228

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@.|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffre E teirflevacation©gmail.com] From: Sent: Mon 8/31/2009 3:26:06 PM Subject: Re: Fwd: We sent the paperwork in and arc waiting to hear back from the government. Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein Date: Mon, 31 Aug 2009 10:06:57 -0400 To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Fwd: Forwarded messa e From Date: 2009/8/28 Subject: Re: To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@. dear Jeffrey, how is the sun toda ? just 2 photos 2 ve got wit the agency told me they are waiting for the reply from the government... all me today? kissessssssssssss tiT, 27.8.09, Jeffre

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffre E teirflevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 8/31/2009 3:26:06 PM 
Subject: Re: Fwd: 
We sent the paperwork in and arc waiting to hear back from the government. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: Mon, 31 Aug 2009 10:06:57 -0400 
To: Jean Luc Brunel
Subject: Fwd: 
Forwarded messa e 
From 
Date: 2009/8/28 
Subject: Re: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@.
dear Jeffrey, how is the sun toda ? 
just 2 photos 2 ve got wit 
the agency told me they are waiting for the reply from the government... 
all me today? 
kissessssssssssss 
tiT, 27.8.09, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@ Jeffrgmaitcom> rimue-r: 
OT: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationOomail.com>
why don't you come to florida this weekend„ and then go to new york on the 6 „ 
the shows are starting 
2009/8/27 
Dear dear Jeffrey, hope you are having a great time! 
i m in moscow with my parents! 15 degrees here, but i oove this weather! 
missing you and learning to cook new Russian dishes for you! cant wait to see you! 
kissesssssssssssss 
p.s. my russian cell 
EFTA_R1_01508627 
EFTA02436228

Bbl y>Ke c Yahoo!? VIcnbn-acre oetioanermyro 11 ynyvwermyro. Yahoo! floury! 
******************** 
***** ******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationacimail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
Biz y*e c Yahoo!? l'ICIlbITailTC 06H08.1ICHHM II yarunetmyto. Yahoo! Ilotirv! 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01508628 
EFTA02436229

