# EFTA00023481 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: [EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com> To: Cc: MEI MM>' Christian Everdell <CEverdell@cohengresser.com>, Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 27 Oct 2021 12:39:39 +0000 Thank you. BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternhcim \lain: Cell: Fax: This message and any attached documents contain information front the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged. If yo

### Match 2
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com> To: Cc: MEI MM>' Christian Everdell <CEverdell@cohengresser.com>, Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 27 Oct 2021 12:39:39 +0000 Thank you. BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternhcim \lain: Cell: Fax: This message and any attached documents contain information front the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged

### Match 3
> this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. On Oct 25, 2021, at 8:33 PM, BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com> wrote: Good evening - During my in-person visit yesterday with Ms. Maxwell, the HEPA filters were not operating in the visiting room that I have been required to use, even when more than one attorney is present. The officers told me to use the larger, corner room. Previous requests to use this more ample corner room have been denied because the officers' claim the

### Match 4
> n-person visits be conducted in the EFTA00023482 larger corner room. The previous reason for denying that request appears invalid. Also, legal mail sent to the MDC has not been picked up by the facility. See tracking information below. Please promptly provide an explanation and inform me when Ms. Maxwell will receive these deliveries. Thank you- Bobbi <Screen Shot 2021-10-25 at 7.10.13 PM.png> <Screen Shot 2021-10-25 at 7.07.56 PM.png> Please note my new office address and preferred email address: BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 225 Broadway, Suite 715 New York, N

### Match 5
> d morning Bobbi- I apologize for the delay in response, however, I will inquire with the appropriate staff regarding both of your concerns. Best, > wrote: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com> 10/26/2021 9:14 PM >>> Good evening- I am still awaiting a reply to yesterday's email regarding Ms. Maxwell's legal mail. There are items that need to be picked up by the MDC. I have provided the tracking information. Please provide a response by 10:00 am tomorrow Wednesday. Thank you- EFTA00023481 Bobbi Please note my new office address and preferred email address: BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law O
