# EFTA00029231 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 11

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, April 7, 2021 11:26 AM
- **Subject:** RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' (NY) (FBI)" c To: ' Cc:m=1 ,i Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Date: Wed, 07 Apr 2021 19:27:38 +0000 Just dropped it off. Special Agent - FBI New York Field Office On Apr 7, 2021 2:24 PM, ' (USANYS) [Contractor]" That's perfect, thank you. Please let me know once you've dropped them off. From: (NY) (FBI) < > Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 2:22 P

### Match 2
> Office On Apr 7, 2021 2:24 PM, ' (USANYS) [Contractor]" That's perfect, thank you. Please let me know once you've dropped them off. From: (NY) (FBI) < > Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 2:22 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files (USANYS) (Contractor] > wrote: Do you want me to just leave it downstairs in a folder? I'll bring it over now. There are four disks to include 1B-14, 1B 8-2, 1B 8-7, and 1D-1. From: (USANYS) (Contractor] .ic > Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 11:26 AM To: . (NY) (FBI) < >; Cc: (USANY

### Match 3
> a folder? I'll bring it over now. There are four disks to include 1B-14, 1B 8-2, 1B 8-7, and 1D-1. From: (USANYS) (Contractor] .ic > Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 11:26 AM To: . (NY) (FBI) < >; Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < (USANYS) (Contractor] Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Sounds good, thank you! From: (NY) (FBI) ‹ > Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 11:09 AM To: 1.11. 1> Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL) - RE: CD with Maxwell files Hey M, >; (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS) (Contractor] EFTA00029231 I'm having some issues with my

### Match 4
> ) (FBI) < >; Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < (USANYS) (Contractor] Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Sounds good, thank you! From: (NY) (FBI) ‹ > Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 11:09 AM To: 1.11. 1> Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL) - RE: CD with Maxwell files Hey M, >; (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS) (Contractor] EFTA00029231 I'm having some issues with my usa fx account. I have to drop some other media off, so I'll put this on another disc and drop it off. I can drop it all off early afternoon if that's alright. Special Agent- FBI New York

### Match 5
> 8 AM, " Hey (USANYS) [Contractor]" c › wrote: Just wanted to follow up on getting the folder "18 1-14" on USAfx. Please let us know when you've been able to upload it, thanks! From: Sent: Tuesday, April 6, 2021 1:14 PM To: (NY) (FBI) < :.; Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: FW: CD with Maxwell files >; (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS) [Contractor] Thanks so much, MEI (cc'd) will make another copy this afternoon and will send it to you via USAfx. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Tuesday, April 6, 2021 1:12 PM To: ) Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files

### Match 6
> with Maxwell files >; (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS) [Contractor] Thanks so much, MEI (cc'd) will make another copy this afternoon and will send it to you via USAfx. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Tuesday, April 6, 2021 1:12 PM To: ) Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files >; (USANYS) [Contractor] Just confirmed with that we'll need a replacement of the folder called "18 1-14" since it won't copy for him either, probably due to the files getting corrupted somehow when the disc was burned. The folder/its contents may be small enough that the FBI could send

### Match 7
> he folder/its contents may be small enough that the FBI could send it via USAfx rather than having to burn a new disc, but we'll need a replacement of this folder either way. From: Sent: Monday, April 5, 20214:27 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files Great, thank you! > From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Monday, April 5, 20214:20 PM To: ) Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files >; >; (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS) [Contractor] Hi EFTA00029232 Four of the five folders from the disc have successfully u

### Match 8
> er either way. From: Sent: Monday, April 5, 20214:27 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files Great, thank you! > From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Monday, April 5, 20214:20 PM To: ) Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files >; >; (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS) [Contractor] Hi EFTA00029232 Four of the five folders from the disc have successfully uploaded to the folder path linked below, but the fifth folder (18 1- 14) contains at least one file that will not copy off of the disc (not sure if the file is co

### Match 9
> to see if they're able to copy the remaining folder off the disc or if we'll need the FBI to recopy and resend it. I will keep you posted on the status of this last folder. Thanks, From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Monday, April 5, 20212:04 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: FW: CD with Maxwell files Thank you so much! From: Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 1:55 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: CD with Maxwell files Hi • and =, (USANYS) [Contractor] On Friday, the FBI brought me a CD containing additional files that I need to review for Maxwell. It should be sitting in my of

### Match 10
> p you posted on the status of this last folder. Thanks, From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Monday, April 5, 20212:04 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: FW: CD with Maxwell files Thank you so much! From: Sent: Monday, April 5, 2021 1:55 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: CD with Maxwell files Hi • and =, (USANYS) [Contractor] On Friday, the FBI brought me a CD containing additional files that I need to review for Maxwell. It should be sitting in my office on the 4th floor on my keyboard at my desk. Would one of you (or another paralegal who is in the office) be able to pleas
