# EFTA00028748 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM
- **Subject:** Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> 0 18:50:47 +0000 Thanks so much! From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:45 AM To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats guys! Great work on such an important case. From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already is making it seem like these charges were inevitable, that they were anything but, and

### Match 2
> 0 18:50:47 +0000 Thanks so much! From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:45 AM To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats guys! Great work on such an important case. From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already is making it seem like these charges were inevitable, that they were anything b

### Match 3
> From: ' To:' Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 18:50:47 +0000 Thanks so much! From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:45 AM To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats guys! Great work on such an important case. From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the

### Match 4
> From: ' To:' Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 18:50:47 +0000 Thanks so much! From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:45 AM To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats guys! Great work on such an important case. From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the tea

### Match 5
> From: ' To:' Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 18:50:47 +0000 Thanks so much! From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:45 AM To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats guys! Great work on such an important case. From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already
