# EFTA02606463

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|J <jeevacation@gmail.com anailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com»|
|To|Larry Cohen|
|Sent|Saturday, January 5, 2019 7:03 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Larry Cohen Subject: Re: better tomorrow before 12 or after 5 eastern On Mon, Jan 7, 2019 at 2:=5 PM Larry Cohen <mailto > wrote: Can you talk now? From: J <jeevacation@gmail.com anailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com» Sent: Saturday, January 5, 2019 7:03 AM To: Larry Cohen > > Subject: >; Bill Gates hi, hope you guys had a nice holiday, =C2 I think at some point you want to reimburse me . .=I feel awkward asking , but makes little sense. please no=e The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
J <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, January 7, 2019 7:22 PM 
To: 
Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
Re: 
better tomorrow before 12 or after 5 eastern 
On Mon, Jan 7, 2019 at 2:=5 PM Larry Cohen 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Can you talk now? 
From: J <jeevacation@gmail.com anailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com» 
Sent: Saturday, January 5, 2019 7:03 AM 
To: Larry Cohen 
> > 
Subject: 
>; Bill Gates 
hi, hope you guys had a nice holiday, =C2 I think at some point you want to reimburse me . .=I feel awkward 
asking , but makes little sense. 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01797542 
EFTA02606463

=please note 
The information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this c=mmunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlaw=ul. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us =mmediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacati=n@gmail.com> , and destroy t=is communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. cop=right -all rights reserved 
remote-iclIMMI 
conversation-id late
-last-viewed 0 date-received 
flags 
2 
EFTA_R1_01797543 
EFTA02606464

