# EFTA02350900

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Imailto:jeevacation@gmailcomj|
|To||
|Sent|Wednesday, June 06, 2012 04:40 AM|
|Subject|Re: he deserves it|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Wednesday, June 6, 2012 8:52 AM To: jeevacation@gmail.com Subject: Re: he deserves it Ok. Done deal but also for the diner. I hope for you that is not diner jack=t with the hat Original Message From: Jeffrey Imailto:jeevacation@gmailcomj Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2012 04:40 AM =0

**[FULL]:** Sent: Wednesday, June 6, 2012 8:52 AM To: jeevacation@gmail.com Subject: Re: he deserves it Ok. Done deal but also for the diner. I hope for you that is not diner jack=t with the hat Original Message From: Jeffrey Imailto:jeevacation@gmailcomj Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2012 04:40 AM =0: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: he deserves it I will go , he has bad press lately , very bad . I do not wantM back in=the market . Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Jun 6, 2012, at 4:32 AM, Jean Luc Brune wrote: > He wants to have a drink or a quick phone call. You are may be right, mar=iage is a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 6, 2012 8:52 AM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Re: he deserves it 
Ok. Done deal but also for the diner. I hope for you that is not diner jack=t with the hat 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Imailto:jeevacation@gmailcomj 
Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2012 04:40 AM 
=0: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: Re: he deserves it 
I will go , he has bad press lately , very bad . I do not wantM back in=the market . 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 6, 2012, at 4:32 AM, Jean Luc Brune 
wrote: 
> He wants to have a drink or a quick phone call. You are may be right, mar=iage is a good idea. Would you go to the 
ceremony. I need a little help to=convince myself about the benefits of getting married. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple/MTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
alict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1338972724</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap:Meevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>227713</string> 
</diet> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01328717 
EFTA02350900

