# EFTA02555282

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|McCabe, Murray [mailto|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.; Baker, Brian J. <|
|Sent|Wednesday, June 06, 2012 12:06 PM|
|Subject|Update|

---

**[WORD]:** Best M Murray J. McCabe I Global Co-Head, Real Estate Investment Banking I J.P. Mo=gan Securities LLC I 383 Madison Avenue I New York, NY 10179 I T: -I C: Alternate contacts: Sheila Myers-Grauling I Nikki Rotondi I T: I F: I EFTA_R1_01713243 EFTA02555282 Original Message From: Farkas, Andrew L. imailto Sent: Tuesday, June 05, 2012 06:19 PM To: Baker, Brian J.; McCabe, Murray Subject: Following Up Hi Murray, hi Brian. I am just following up from yesterday as you had sugg=sted that we touch base today. I'm around and can be reached at this email=address or My cell is Thanks for ta

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. < 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 6, 2012 6:46 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com* 
Subject: 
Fw: Update 
Just fyi 
 
Original Message 
From: McCabe, Murray [mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2012 12:06 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L.; Baker, Brian J. < 
Subject: Update 
Andrew - 
I hope you received my voice mail. 
We need more time to evaluate our ability to finance this deal which is a v=lue proposition you clearly want from us 
before you embrace us. 
We have made no decisions on who to work with until we know we have somethi=g to offer. 
You guys are clearly a key player and we are focused on that. 
I think we can have an answer on confidence around the financing appetite n=xt week. 
I wish I could move it faster. 
Speak early next week. 
Best 
M 
Murray J. McCabe I Global Co-Head, Real Estate Investment Banking I J.P. Mo=gan Securities LLC I 383 Madison Avenue 
I New York, NY 10179 I T: -I 
C: 
Alternate contacts: 
Sheila Myers-Grauling I Nikki Rotondi I T: 
I F: 
I 
EFTA_R1_01713243 
EFTA02555282

 
Original Message 
From: Farkas, Andrew L. imailto 
Sent: Tuesday, June 05, 2012 06:19 PM 
To: Baker, Brian J.; McCabe, Murray 
Subject: Following Up 
Hi Murray, hi Brian. I am just following up from yesterday as you had sugg=sted that we touch base today. I'm around 
and can be reached at this email=address or 
My cell is 
Thanks for taking the ti=e to hear 
me out yesterday. I enjoyed the discussion. 
Sent from my iPad 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary,=privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, =r otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or und=r applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby n=tified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, dissemi=ating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including=any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this me=sage in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the messa=e (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in=electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be =onsidered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any ag=eement with C-III Capital Partners LLC or any of its affiliates, each of w=ich 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by C-III Capital Pa=tners LLC or such affiliate. 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale 
of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity 
disclaimers, available at http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/email. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary,=privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, =r otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or und=r applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby n=tified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, dissemi=ating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including=any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this me=sage in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the messa=e (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in=electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be =onsidered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any ag=eement with C-III Capital Partners LLC or any of its affiliates, each of w=ich 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by C-III Capital Pa=tners LLC or such affiliate. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>221666</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-receivedgkey> 
<integer>1339008355</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01713244 
EFTA02555283

<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>227847</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01713245 
EFTA02555284

