# EFTA02589925

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** DOJ , b,girls new biz= ( dubai , kazak, bahrain.) profit, operations, struct=re, personal estate, hiring. etc. On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 11:3= AM, A. de Rothschild < <mailto > wrote: Yes got back lyesterday . Many m=etings today and will have dinner with Ban Ki moon tonight . Do you know P=ince Andrew ? If yes, will tell you when in Paris. Israel was intense as u=ual . Ehen are you arriving ? Sent from my iPhone On = oct. 2014, at 13:10, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m» wrote: are you back? =AO please note The information contained in this communication is<=r

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, October 2, 2014 12:16 PM 
To: 
A. de Rothschild 
Subject: 
Re: 
i would like 30 minutes to speak, I unfortunately wi=l not be able to come this week , too many new york issues. ( 
phone = 1 I urge you to, prioritize your battles =C2 cousins . christpohe, DOJ , b,girls new biz= ( dubai , kazak, 
bahrain.) profit, operations, struct=re, personal estate, 
hiring. etc. 
On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 11:3= AM, A. de Rothschild < 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Yes got back lyesterday . Many m=etings today and will have dinner with Ban Ki moon tonight . Do you know 
P=ince Andrew ? If yes, will tell you when in Paris. Israel was intense as u=ual . Ehen are you arriving ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On = oct. 2014, at 13:10, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m» wrote: 
are you back? 
=AO please note 
The information contained in this communication is<=r>confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute insid= information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is =he property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thiscommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be un=awful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify =s immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevac=tion@gmail.com> , and 
destro= this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. =opyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, =ay be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside 
information, an= is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property ofJEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
EFTA_R1_01771688 
EFTA02589925

copying of this communication o= any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you ha=e received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by=br>return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communicat=on and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
copyright -all ri=hts reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01771689 
EFTA02589926

