# EFTA02453826

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, August 27, 2016 2:03 PM To: Eva Dubin I was on the phone with Deepak Chopra. my rece=t buddy. I told him he should focus his alternativ= practice on helping you. he said he met. you. =AO lets all have lunch =AO please note The information conta=ned in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privi=eged, may cons

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, August 27, 2016 2:03 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
I was on the phone with Deepak Chopra. my rece=t buddy. 
I told him he should focus his alternativ= practice on 
helping you. he said he met. you. =AO lets all have lunch 
=AO 
please note 
The information conta=ned in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privi=eged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for th= use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
d=sclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strict=y prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communic=tion in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-ma=l to 
jeevacatio=@gmail.com <mailtoieevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof,<=r>including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--94eb2c0b9feab74426053b0e15d4-- conversation-id 71244 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1472306563 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 639468 
EFTA_R1_01555071 
EFTA02453826

