# EFTA00029606 -- DONALD TRUMP

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** White Collar Law360 <news@law360.com>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Ex-SFO Boss Says Collusion Claims Were Drunken Boasts'

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ted Of Bribery Former Federal Savings Bank CEO Stephen Calk on Tuesday was convicted of financial institution bribery and conspiracy, over allegations that the banker sought to exchange $16 million in loans to Paul Manafort for his help in getting a job in the administration of former President Donald Trump. Read full article » FCC Tightens Rules To Eradicate Contraband Phones In Jails To crack down on extortion plots perpetrated from inside prisons and jails, the Federal Communications Commission is requiring mobile providers to shut down contraband cellphones in correctional facilities. Order

### Match 2
> EGAL INDUSTRY Law360 Pulse Duane Morris' McSwain To Trump: Pa. Election A 'Disgrace' Duane Morris partner William McSwain, a former Philadelphia federal prosecutor with his eyes on the Pennsylvania's governor's office, called the state's presidential election a "partisan disgrace" in a bid for Donald Trump's backing. Read full article » Davis Polk Will Try Out Attys Returning To Office Most Days Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP will require attorneys to report to the office at least seven out of every 10 business days starting in September, the firm confirmed to Law360 on Tuesday, making it the latest

### Match 3
> wers in government and corporate America. Read full article Feds Want 18 Mos. For Man Who Threatened Flynn Judge Federal prosecutors have recommended 18 months in prison for a man who threatened to assault and murder the D.C. federal judge overseeing the politically charged criminal case of ex-Trump national security adviser Michael Flynn. 2 documents attached I Read full article » Law360 Pulse glaw360 Rising Stars 2021 LAW FIRMS Blackstone Chambers Boyden Gray & Associates BrownGreer PLC Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner Chalmers & Adams Chartash Law Cloth Fair Chambers Clyde & Co Coo

### Match 4
> curately and cost- effectively by understanding the data in a document collection and identifying its key pitfalls, drafting comprehensive review guidelines, and preparing ahead, says John Wertelet at Eckert Seamans. Read full article » G. LEGAL INDUSTRY Law360 Pulse Duane Morris' McSwain To Trump: Pa. Election A 'Disgrace' Duane Morris partner William McSwain, a former Philadelphia federal prosecutor with his eyes on the Pennsylvania's governor's office, called the state's presidential election a "partisan disgrace" in a bid for Donald Trump's backing. Read full article » Davis Polk W
