# EFTA02436640

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Tue Sep 01 06:01:09 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** ill did the commute from li to nyc and back to li yesterday like a champ only to discover that today I'm mr mom cuz sandi has to go to manhattan for 48 hrs to coordinate final details on house etc. Never a dull moment. Calling you this am between 9:00 and 9:30. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tue Sep 01 06:01:09 2009 Subject: today ? *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addre

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comueevacationellgmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Tue 9/1/2009 10:54:24 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Yes. Sorry. It's been a parade of complexities that will make you laugh. Let's see. Spent weekend lining up 
balance of seedco and ended up 75% over subscribed. The bigger names were all agitated over allocation 
cutbacks. W/ the many stresses over seedco, the move (5 days til move-in day), one daughter's installation at 
harvard and the other's clandestine move to a boarding school on the west coast, I came down w/ a major gout 
attack sunday. Spent 36 hrs whimpering like a little girl. Still did the commute from li to nyc and back to li 
yesterday like a champ only to discover that today I'm mr mom cuz sandi has to go to manhattan for 48 hrs to 
coordinate final details on house etc. Never a dull moment. Calling you this am between 9:00 and 9:30. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Tue Sep 01 06:01:09 2009 
Subject: 
today ? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01509206 
EFTA02436640

