# EFTA02559028

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Albert, Ashley [mailto|
|To||
|Sent|Monday, August 06, 2012 12:53 PM|
|Subject|Sept. 24 event to launch new Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, US=ID, UNCDF and Visa initiative|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, August 7, 2012 4:43 PM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Fwd: FW: Sept. 24 event to launch new Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, USAID, UNCDF and Visa initiative Forwarded message <=r>From: <mailto: > > Date: Tue, Aug 7, 2012 at 7:42 AM Subject: FW: Sept. 24 event to launch =ew Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, USAID, UNCDF and Visa initiative To: &qu=t;jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmai

**[WORD]:** com> Sent: Tuesday, August 7, 2012 4:43 PM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Fwd: FW: Sept. 24 event to launch new Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, USAID, UNCDF and Visa initiative Forwarded message <=r>From: <mailto: > > Date: Tue, Aug 7, 2012 at 7:42 AM Subject: FW: Sept. 24 event to launch =ew Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, USAID, UNCDF and Visa initiative To: &qu=t;jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> "=<jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»=br> From: Albert, Ashley [mailto Sent: Monday, August 06, 2012 12:53 PM To: Subject: Sept. 24 event to launch new Gates

**[WORD]:** Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, USAID, UNCDF and Visa initiative To: &qu=t;jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> "=<jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»=br> From: Albert, Ashley [mailto Sent: Monday, August 06, 2012 12:53 PM To: Subject: Sept. 24 event to launch new Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, US=ID, UNCDF and Visa initiative =•* ******* *•* ***** ***it* The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Je

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, August 7, 2012 4:43 PM 
To: 
Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Fwd: FW: Sept. 24 event to launch new Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, USAID, UNCDF and 
Visa initiative 
 
Forwarded message 
<=r>From: 
<mailto: 
> > 
Date: Tue, Aug 7, 2012 at 7:42 AM 
Subject: FW: Sept. 24 event to launch =ew Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, USAID, UNCDF and Visa initiative 
To: &qu=t;jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> "=<jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»=br> 
From: Albert, Ashley [mailto 
Sent: Monday, August 06, 2012 12:53 PM 
To: 
Subject: Sept. 24 event to launch new Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, US=ID, UNCDF and Visa initiative 
=•* ******* 
*•* ***** 
***it* 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received t=is communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or=by e-mail to 
je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01719137 
EFTA02559028

