# EFTA02303568

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** cine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School >>>»» of medicine Cardiovascular Institute >>>>>» >>>»» 485 Madison Ave., >>>»» 17th floor >>>»» New York, NY 10022 >>>>» >>>>» >>>>» >>>>>» >>>>>» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos >>>>>» >>>>>» >>>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:24 PM, Eva Dubin a , =rote: >>>>>>» >>>>»» I will look into this when I am back in NY... >>>>»» I also cc Rony on this.... so we can brainstorm together... >>>>>>» >>>>»» Sent from my iPhone >>>>>>» >>>>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 9:47 PM, Karyna Shuliak wrote: >>>>>>>» >>>>>»» Hi Eva, >>>>>>>>> >>>>>»» Jef

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Karyna Shuliak •=1
> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 12:58 AM 
To: 
Dr. Rony + Catherine Shimony 
Subject: 
Re: Ambulance for JE 
Thank you! 
> On Jul 6, 2015, at 8:44 PM, 
> Sure thing 
> Safe travels best to JE 
wrote: 
>r 
> R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
> Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown Associate 
> Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of medicine 
> Cardiovascular Institute 
> 485 Madison Ave., 
> 17th floor 
> New York, NY 10022 
> dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
» On Jul 6, 2015, at 7:24 PM, Karyna Shuliak c= 
=rote: 
» Thank you Dr. Shimony! 
» Just to let you know, I will be in flight from 2:30pm till 5:30pm, so =nytime before or after would be great. 
» Karyna. 
>» On Jul 6, 2015, at 7:11 PM, 
wrote: 
>» 
>» I'll call you tomorrow & set up 
»>r 
>» 
>» 
>» 
>» R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
>» Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown 
>» Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of 
EFTA_R1_01175268 
EFTA02303568

>» medicine Cardiovascular Institute 
>» 
>» 485 Madison Ave., 
>» 17th floor 
>» New York, NY 10022 
>» 
>» 
>» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
>» 
>» 
»» On Jul 6, 2015, at 2:09 PM, Karyna Shuliak Mi
la 
wrote: 
>>» 
»» Dear Dr. Shimony, 
>>» 
»» Is there a number where I could reach Mr. Steinberg to discuss the =etails please? 
»» Thank you! 
>>» 
»» Karyna. 
>>» 
>»» On Jul 3, 2015, at 7:18 AM, 
wrote: 
>>>» 
>>>» Eva & Karyna 
>>>» 
>»» When you are ready, a friend and colleague Morris Steinberg who's 
>»» involved in the ambulance service and ran =he NY Monroe department 
>»» for 30+ years is willing and very capable to =elp set up the two 
>>>» ambulances He's connections will get the best pricing as well 
>>>» 
>>>» Happy fourth of July 
>>>» 
>>>>> 
>>>>> 
>>>>> 
>>>>> 
>>>>> 
>»» R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
>>>» Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown 
>»» Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of 
>»» medicine Cardiovascular Institute 
>>>» 
>»» 485 Madison Ave., 
>»» 17th floor 
>»» New York, NY 10022 
>>>» 
>>>» 
>>>» 
>>>» 
>»» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
>>>» 
>>>» 
2 
EFTA_R1_01175269 
EFTA02303569

>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:45 PM, Karyna Shuliak ar• 
wrote: 
>>>>» 
>>»» That would be a tremendous help! 
>>»» Thank you very much! 
>>>>» 
>>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:43 PM, 
wrote: 
>>>>>» 
>>>»» Sure 
>>>>>» 
>>>>>» 
>>>»» Head EMS colleagues friends & ER guys can set us up 
>>>>>» 
>>>»» Let Eva & I know when ready 
>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>> 
>>>>>>> 
>>>»» R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
>>>»» Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown 
>>>»» Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School 
>>>»» of medicine Cardiovascular Institute 
>>>>>» 
>>>»» 485 Madison Ave., 
>>>»» 17th floor 
>>>»» New York, NY 10022 
>>>>» 
>>>>» 
>>>>» 
>>>>>» 
>>>>>» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
>>>>>» 
>>>>>» 
>>>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:24 PM, Eva Dubin a
, =rote: 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>»» I will look into this when I am back in NY... 
>>>>»» I also cc Rony on this.... so we can brainstorm together... 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>»» Sent from my iPhone 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 9:47 PM, Karyna Shuliak 
wrote: 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>»» Hi Eva, 
>>>>>>>>> 
>>>>>»» Jeffrey wants to purchase 2 fully equipped ambulance machines: = for the island, and 1 for the ranch. May be 
you know somebody who =ould help us with the process, especially regarding all the equipment? =e would really 
appreciate any help! 
>>>>>»» Please let me know. 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>»» Thank you so much! 
>>>>>»» And I hope you enjoy your vacation! 
>>» 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01175270 
EFTA02303570

<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>32079</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1436230667</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8623750145</integer> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>7033</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
4 
EFTA_R1_01175271 
EFTA02303571

