# EFTA00020668 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Weinstein, Marc A.
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monday, July 27, 2020 10:22
- **Subject:** RE: SDNY investigation

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' To: "Weinstein Marc A." , Andrew Tomback Cc: "I Subject: RE: SDNY investigation Date: Mon, 27 Jul 2020 14:40:53 +0000 Marc, Received, and thank you. Best, From: Weinstein, Marc A. Sent: Monday, July 27, 2020 10:22 To: < ; Andrew Tomback .cc > Cc: ca; Subject: RE: SDNY investigation We are in receipt of your July 26

### Match 2
> From: ' To: "Weinstein Marc A." , Andrew Tomback Cc: "I Subject: RE: SDNY investigation Date: Mon, 27 Jul 2020 14:40:53 +0000 Marc, Received, and thank you. Best, From: Weinstein, Marc A. Sent: Monday, July 27, 2020 10:22 To: < ; Andrew Tomback .cc > Cc: ca; Subject: RE: SDNY investigation We are in receipt of your July 26, 2020 letter. On behalf of the Co-Executors of the Estate of Jeffrey E. Epstein, we can confirm the following: (i) Section 2.5(B) of The 1953 Trust has not been and will not be used by the Co-Executors to

### Match 3
> y mistake and delete this e ma:l from your system. E rna:l transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error free as :'formation could be ttercepted. cerrapted. lost, EFTA00020668 From: Sent: Sunday, July 26, 2020 2:51 PM To: Weinstein, Marc A. Cc: Subject: RE: SDNY investigation < ; Andrew Tomback CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm. Andy, Marc, Following up on our recent discussions, please see the attached letter from our Office. Regards, Assistant U.S. Attorney Southern District of New York EFTA00020669
