# EFTA02595136

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, November 5, 2014 11:33 AM To: Bill Gates; Larry Cohen did your people set up the supporting org structures. =AO ? this should be fun and not a chore. even broa= based silos . science helath education etc. will be a w=lcome solution to those now dealing with estate planning. =AO please note The information conta=ned in this communicat

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, November 5, 2014 11:33 AM 
To: 
Bill Gates; Larry Cohen 
did your people set up the supporting org structures. =AO ? this should be fun and not a chore. even broa= based silos 
. science helath education etc. will be a w=lcome solution to those now dealing with estate planning. 
=AO 
please note 
The information conta=ned in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privi=eged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for th= use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
d=sclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strict=y prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communic=tion in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-ma=l to 
jeevacatio=@gmail.com <mailtoieevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof,<=r>including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--089e012284cc0adea605071af08f-- conversation-id 306027 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1415187161 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 453162 
1 
EFTA_R1_01779529 
EFTA02595136

