# EFTA00029150 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ) (the "Subject Offenses"), for the period 1994 through August 8, 2019, described as follows: 1. Evidence concerning the identity or location of the owner(s) or user(s) of the Subject Devices. 2. Evidence concemin the identity or location of co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 3. Evidence concernin communications to, from, by, and/or among co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 4. Any documents or communications with or regarding victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses. 2017.08.02 EFTA00029152 5. Documents or records

### Match 2
> ocation of the owner(s) or user(s) of the Subject Devices. 2. Evidence concemin the identity or location of co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 3. Evidence concernin communications to, from, by, and/or among co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 4. Any documents or communications with or regarding victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses. 2017.08.02 EFTA00029152 5. Documents or records reflecting payments to victims and/or co-conspirators including but not limited to bank and financial records, spreadsheets, ledgers, a

### Match 3
> ) (the "Subject Offenses"), for the period 1994 through August 8, 2019, described as follows: 1. Evidence concerning the identity or location of the owner(s) or user(s) of the Subject Devices. 2. Evidence concemin the identity or location of co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 3. Evidence concernin communications to, from, by, and/or among co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 4. Any documents or communications with or regarding victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses. 2017.08.02 EFTA00029152 5. Documents or

### Match 4
> ocation of the owner(s) or user(s) of the Subject Devices. 2. Evidence concemin the identity or location of co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 3. Evidence concernin communications to, from, by, and/or among co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including and GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 4. Any documents or communications with or regarding victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses. 2017.08.02 EFTA00029152 5. Documents or records reflecting payments to victims and/or co-conspirators including but not limited to bank and financial records, spreadsheets, le
