# EFTA02513462

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=»|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel <=MI|
|Sent||
|Subject|<no subject>|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, January 26, 2015 9:51 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: is there a reason you are not speaking to me? On Mon, Jan 26, 2015=at 5:49 PM, Jean Luc Brunel wro=e: Normally in Israel From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Monday, January 26, 2015 at 1=:46 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel <=MI IMI= Subject: <no subject> will you b

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, January 26, 2015 9:51 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: is there a reason you are not speaking to me? On Mon, Jan 26, 2015=at 5:49 PM, Jean Luc Brunel wro=e: Normally in Israel From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Monday, January 26, 2015 at 1=:46 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel <=MI IMI= Subject: <no subject> will you be in paris 6-16? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney

**[FULL]:** ent: Monday, January 26, 2015 9:51 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: is there a reason you are not speaking to me? On Mon, Jan 26, 2015=at 5:49 PM, Jean Luc Brunel wro=e: Normally in Israel From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Monday, January 26, 2015 at 1=:46 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel <=MI IMI= Subject: <no subject> will you be in paris 6-16? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unautho

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, January 26, 2015 9:51 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
is there a reason you are not speaking to me? 
On Mon, Jan 26, 2015=at 5:49 PM, Jean Luc Brunel 
wro=e: 
Normally in Israel 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» 
Date: Monday, January 26, 2015 at 1=:46 PM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel <=MI
IMI= 
Subject: <no subject> 
will you be in paris 6-16? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01646633 
EFTA02513462

please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01646634 
EFTA02513463

