# EFTA02694722

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Sam Jaradeh [mailto|
|To|Steve Hanson|
|Sent|Thursday, October 27, 2011 3:03 PM|
|Subject|Re: Thank you!!|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Boris Nikolic Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2011 10:14 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@omail.com) Subject: FW: Thank you!! fyi Original Message From: Sam Jaradeh [mailto Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2011 3:03 PM To: Steve Hanson Cc: Deana Hanson; Andrew Kelley; Donna Rodriguez Subject: Re: Thank you!! Hey Steve, I am trying my best to involve great promoters. I contacted several active =romoters in the gay scene. Unfortunately a couple of them declined the idea and I am waiting to hear =rom a couple more. My approach is simple... Of course I

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Thursday, October 27, 2011 10:14 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@omail.com) 
Subject: 
FW: Thank you!! 
fyi 
 
Original Message 
From: Sam Jaradeh [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, October 27, 2011 3:03 PM 
To: Steve Hanson 
Cc: Deana Hanson; Andrew Kelley; Donna Rodriguez 
Subject: Re: Thank you!! 
Hey Steve, 
I am trying my best to involve great promoters. I contacted several active =romoters in the gay scene. 
Unfortunately a couple of them declined the idea and I am waiting to hear =rom a couple more. 
My approach is simple... Of course I want this to succeed and make money, b=t I am also willing to take the gamble after 
speaking to Andy and Donna. 
We discussed the following: 
- The first $3500 is yours... This will be sort of a rental fee plus it cov=rs staff, DJ and doorman. 
In case we don't meet that (which is very unlikely), I am willing to take t=e gamble and pay the difference from pocket! 
- any thing we make above $3500 at the bar, me and the other promoter invol=ed gets 20% from that. 
Of course I would love to be keeping all the commission to my self if I cou=d find a way to pay the other promoter a flat 
fee (very unlikely if the pr=moter is big name/ very experienced). 
When I brought this up to a successful friend that has a running gay Tuesda= night, he mentioned that he gets 25% off 
the bar. What's the max that you=guys are willing to share...? 
- I really wanted to involve either my friend Josh wood or Patrick Duffy. 
They both are very known promoters and have had really successful gay parti=s. (dream hotel, Gansevoort, lOak, Apt, 
Mr. black, The box...etc..). 
Unfortunately they both declined the idea and said they would have to think=about it! 
I thought that involving some one on such level would bring instant success=to the party and I don't mind sharing the 
commission with one of them! 
- My other idea now (waiting to hear back) is to involve another friend of =ine. She's a very known DJ in the gay scene 
and people love her. 
Her name is DJ Lina. She works full time on fire island in the summer and h=s an extremely successful Sunday night there 
called "Throw-back-Sundays". =20 
EFTA_R1_02043222 
EFTA02694722

I wanted to involve her by bringing her Sunday night summer party to the ci=y... She would basically act as a promoter 
and DJ. She has a good fan base=-- if the same amount of people show up that usually go to this party on f=re island, it 
could also be an instant success! 
To pay her, I would share the bar commission with her or see if she would d= it for a flat fee. 
- Any other hosts/ promoters that I can get involved, I would pay a very mi=imal fee depending on how many people 
they bring in. $100 - $150 if they =ring a large amount of people, or just simply pay a few hosts by bottle. =or every 20 
people they bring in, they get a bottle.. This would only be a=few of them. 
- I do know other deejays that have a good fan base. If this worked with Li=a and if we wanted to keep doing the party, I 
could involve a different DJ=every time, or build Lina's party as a regular monthly! 
- once in a while or on long weekends/ holidays, I would like to try and br=ng in big name deejays. For example DJ Peter 
Rauhofer is huge in the gay s=ene and for his NY fans he agrees to spin at small clubs like Bunker.. In =hat case, I would 
allow him to charge at the door and that's how he would =et paid. People don't mind paying $20 to get in for a DJ like 
that on a ho=iday weekend. 
Sorry for the delay, but this is where I am at with ideas. 
Let me know what you think.. If you're totally against it, no worries, we'I= scratch it off completely. 
Of course there's a risk of failing or not making money.. If that turned ou= to be the case, I will just consider it a great 
learning experience for t=e future and move on! I hope not!! 
About the date 
The 4th is not must. 
One month to promote this is enough. So if I could get a confirmation from =ina this week, we could still do the 4th or 
the 11th of December! 
Hope you're all doing well! 
Best, 
Sam 
On Oct 27, 2011, at 12:08 PM, "Steve Hanson' 
rot=: 
> Sam, 
> Let me hear how you are dealing with the promoters so they don't take 
> advantage of you with their fees -as if you're doing December 4th you 
> have to get moving? When are you back at BRG? 
> Stephen Hanson 
> Proud to be the first national multi-concept restaurant group to be 
> certified Green by the Green Restaurant Association Confidentiality 
> Notice: This e-mail transmission and any file or previous e-mail 
> attached to it is intended to be viewed only by the party to which it 
> is addressed and may contain valuable business information that is 
2 
EFTA_R1_02043223 
EFTA02694723

> confidential and/or otherwise protected from disclosure under 
> applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby 
> notified that any review, disclosure, dissemination or use of any of 
> the information contained in or attached to this transmission is 
> STRICTLY PROHIBITED. Thank you for your cooperation. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1319753643</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>27</integer> 
<integer>7</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>187831</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_02043224 
EFTA02694724

