# EFTA00020506 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 11

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> me Received: 09/14/2020 12:12 PM EDT Details: On 09/L4/2320, at 12:12 a.m. Eastern Time, date of birth telephone number , address refused, stated he deported himself to Canada, email address , called the National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to provide information on the Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell case. saw a Facebook post regardinc Maxwell, which triggered a memory of him meeting Epstein and Maxwell. remembered vividly a night in 2008, when he and Epstein were at a strip club called SCORES, located on US 1 Federal Highway, between Oakland Park and Commercial. struck up a conversation

### Match 2
> each, and said he wanted a young girl, younger than 16 years. made a remark about that being disgusting and Epstein's chauffeur showed up immediately, grabbed and told him to leave Epstein alone. threatened the chauffeur and pushed him. away. then saw a female, who he later came to know was Ghislaine Maxwell, running toward Epstein. Maxwell asked Epstein if he told anything. The chauffeur said Epstein told e verything. The chauffeur also told Epstein "I have something on you, remember what I buried!" Maxwell told the chauffeur, they had that same thing on him. Later,-overheard Maxwell tell Epste

### Match 3
> me Received: 09/14/2020 12:12 PM EDT Details: On 09/L4/2320, at 12:12 a.m. Eastern Time, date of birth telephone number , address refused, stated he deported himself to Canada, email address , called the National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to provide information on the Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell case. saw a Facebook post regardinc Maxwell, which triggered a memory of him meeting Epstein and Maxwell. remembered vividly a night in 2008, when he and Epstein were at a strip club called SCORES, located on US 1 Federal Highway, between Oakland Park and Commercial. struck up a conve

### Match 4
> each, and said he wanted a young girl, younger than 16 years. made a remark about that being disgusting and Epstein's chauffeur showed up immediately, grabbed and told him to leave Epstein alone. threatened the chauffeur and pushed him. away. then saw a female, who he later came to know was Ghislaine Maxwell, running toward Epstein. Maxwell asked Epstein if he told anything. The chauffeur said Epstein told e verything. The chauffeur also told Epstein "I have something on you, remember what I buried!" Maxwell told the chauffeur, they had that same thing on him. Later,-overheard Maxwell te

### Match 5
> 4/2320, at 12:12 a.m. Eastern Time, date of birth telephone number , address refused, stated he deported himself to Canada, email address , called the National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to provide information on the Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell case. saw a Facebook post regardinc Maxwell, which triggered a memory of him meeting Epstein and Maxwell. remembered vividly a night in 2008, when he and Epstein were at a strip club called SCORES, located on US 1 Federal Highway, between Oakland Park and Commercial. struck up a conversation with Epstein, in which Epstein kept repeating

### Match 6
> number , address refused, stated he deported himself to Canada, email address , called the National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to provide information on the Jeffrey Epstein/Ghislaine Maxwell case. saw a Facebook post regardinc Maxwell, which triggered a memory of him meeting Epstein and Maxwell. remembered vividly a night in 2008, when he and Epstein were at a strip club called SCORES, located on US 1 Federal Highway, between Oakland Park and Commercial. struck up a conversation with Epstein, in which Epstein kept repeating that he was a billionaire. Epstein told he came to the club

### Match 7
> nger than 16 years. made a remark about that being disgusting and Epstein's chauffeur showed up immediately, grabbed and told him to leave Epstein alone. threatened the chauffeur and pushed him. away. then saw a female, who he later came to know was Ghislaine Maxwell, running toward Epstein. Maxwell asked Epstein if he told anything. The chauffeur said Epstein told e verything. The chauffeur also told Epstein "I have something on you, remember what I buried!" Maxwell told the chauffeur, they had that same thing on him. Later,-overheard Maxwell tell Epstein she spoke to one of the girls

### Match 8
> hauffeur and pushed him. away. then saw a female, who he later came to know was Ghislaine Maxwell, running toward Epstein. Maxwell asked Epstein if he told anything. The chauffeur said Epstein told e verything. The chauffeur also told Epstein "I have something on you, remember what I buried!" Maxwell told the chauffeur, they had that same thing on him. Later,-overheard Maxwell tell Epstein she spoke to one of the girls who worked at the club. The worker told Maxwell she had a 15 year old friend from high school who is out on the street, and who needed help. Maxwell told Epstein they were

### Match 9
> Ghislaine Maxwell, running toward Epstein. Maxwell asked Epstein if he told anything. The chauffeur said Epstein told e verything. The chauffeur also told Epstein "I have something on you, remember what I buried!" Maxwell told the chauffeur, they had that same thing on him. Later,-overheard Maxwell tell Epstein she spoke to one of the girls who worked at the club. The worker told Maxwell she had a 15 year old friend from high school who is out on the street, and who needed help. Maxwell told Epstein they were going to pick her up when they left the club. kept telling writer to talk to th

### Match 10
> chauffeur said Epstein told e verything. The chauffeur also told Epstein "I have something on you, remember what I buried!" Maxwell told the chauffeur, they had that same thing on him. Later,-overheard Maxwell tell Epstein she spoke to one of the girls who worked at the club. The worker told Maxwell she had a 15 year old friend from high school who is out on the street, and who needed help. Maxwell told Epstein they were going to pick her up when they left the club. kept telling writer to talk to the chauffeur, he was a small UNCLASSIFIED EFTA00020506 UNCLASSIFIED Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 0
