# EFTA02684269

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Ssulayem=<|
|Sent||
|Subject|Fwd:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2009 4:01 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Fwd: Forwarded message <=r>From: Ssulayem «= href="mailta Date:=Wed, Sep 23, 2009 at 11:56 AM Subject: Fwd: To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeproject@yahoo.com <mailto:jeepro'ect@ shoo=com» Cc: Ssulayem < <mailto », S=ulayem <mailto >>> Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: <

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, September 23, 2009 4:01 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
 
Forwarded message 
<=r>From: Ssulayem «= href="mailta 
Date:=Wed, Sep 23, 2009 at 11:56 AM 
Subject: Fwd: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeproject@yahoo.com <mailto:jeepro'ect@ shoo=com» 
Cc: Ssulayem < 
<mailto 
», S=ulayem 
<mailto 
>>> 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
<=>From: Ssulayem < 
<mailto -> 
> 
Date: September 23, 2009 7:49:06 PM GMT+04:00 
To: Ssulayem=< 
<mailto 
», Ssulayem 
<mailto 
> > 
Mr Knuckles expressed his regret to his wife, family and the publ=c 
Liberia'=s top government minister, Willis Knuckles, has resigned over a sex scanda=, the president has said. 
Last week a local newspaper printed graphi= pictures of President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf's most senior minister 
ha=ing sex with two women. 
A BBC correspondent says people in the capital, Monrovia, have been shoc=ed by the scandal. 
The president said she regretted Mr Knuckles'=resignation, but could not condone improper behaviour. 
The BBC's=Jonathan Paye-Layleh says it is rare for officials in Liberia to resign ov=r such issues. 
Mrs Johnson-Sirleaf said that her presidential affairs minister "ha= been a friend and close associate for many 
years". 
EFTA_R1_02004346 
EFTA02684269

<=mg src="" alt="Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf" border="0" height="152" hspa=e="0" vspace="0" width="203"> The president 
said she could not condone improper behaviour 
"I believe that Minister Knuckles brou=ht to his family and friends much pain, but one which should not be 
allowe= to tarnish his long years of service and commitment to our beloved countr=," she said in a radio address on 
Monday evening. 
After the publication of the pictures in The Independent, Mr Knuckles ex=ressed his regret to his wife, family and 
the public. 
The Independen= has also come under fire for publishing the explicit photos. 
The go=ernment, meanwhile, said their publication was a violation of the country&=39;s penal code. 
Mrs Johnson-Sirleaf became Africa's first el=cted female head of state last year, promising to rebuild the war-
ravaged =ation after 14 years of civil war. 
E-mail this to a friend Printable version 
<http://newsvote.bbc=co.ukimpapps/pagetools/printinews.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6400791.stm> 
<=tr> 
Sent from my iPhone 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received t=is communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or=by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.co= <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
includi=g all attachments. 
2 
EFTA_R1_02004347 
EFTA02684270

