# EFTA02524065

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD, ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation, philanthrop, mit

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|To||
|Sent|Tue, Sep 8, 2009 9:07 am|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[ORG]:** eart attack. Stu=f like that! Since you've been out of the loop some interesting stuff has happe=ed to me. I've been writing for the FT style section (under a fake name) a=d friendly with some of the fancy designer types. Good practice for me! </=iv> Still working on Special Initiatives at the Gates Foundation and also =eviewing the very crazy stuff that comes our way. I think you have a much =etter sense of the real vs. fake than Bill does. I manage several different portfolios of Special Projects whose grants=commitments total about $315M. It's crazy to think about the amount of=money. Wow. 

**[WORD]:** razy to think about the amount of=money. Wow. 2 EFTA_R1_01663030 EFTA02524066 I'm excited about that! Also still doing brain surgery and contemplating going back for more t=aining (only because the non-invasive/high tech stuff is making me feel li=e a dinosaur!). I just don't want to leave my Gates job and a little w=rried if I take any more time to be a doc, they will fire me. Not sure wha= to do but ultimately, I think I have more longevity as a superfly doc tha= I do working at the Foundation. is doing fine - we just celebrated being together 10 years. Who =ould've thought? He's way up

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesda , Se tember 8, 2009 4:19 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
e: 
i see you forgot your statistics„ with an " n " of 1. not ver= exciting.. email me a number to call 
On=Tue, Sep 8, 2009 at 12:16 PM, 
mailto
 wrote: 
well indeed... 
i had to get numbers for my docs too. 
my cancer came back earlier this year and i wanted to ease back into w=rkouts. 
we did 7 trials of three different exercises (hot yoga, water running,=weights) 
we measured my VO2 max, core temperature, EKG, etc. 
we also got serious with my joints (i had to have bony surgery in addi=ion to belly surgery) so we used a 
goniometer to measure joint space impro=ement and a galvanic meter to measure surface change near the joint. 
i had weekly ultrasound, CBC and liver function tests. 
over a 12 week period, i alternated with 4 weeks of each and guess whi=h one showed the most dramatic 
improvement on every single metric? 
i didn't want to try hot yoga and i thought it was stupid. lots of=drama queens and women with issues looking 
for attention, blah blah blah. =ut, numbers don't lie. 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
To: 
<mailto: 
Sent: Tue, Sep 8, 2009 9:07 am 
Subject: Re: 
you need to back up your hot yoga benfits with real numbers.. the doc&=39;s in new york see more hot yoga or 
iyengar devotees, than any other ex=ercise regimen including weights 
On Tue, Sep 8, 2009 at 12:01 PM, 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
oh my. someone has been feeding you misinformation. first of all, we h=ve a hypothalamus and the 
sweat that is released during hot yoga ensures t=at our internal organs and core temperature remains constant. second, 
it i=n't endorphins that are released. It's more likely acetylcholine o= nitric oxide. it's paradoxical because it is highly 
parasympathetic b=t still has elevated heart rate - probably as a result of the vagus nerve =n check. it is very interesting 
that people who do yoga do not catch infec=ious disease, alzheimers or parkinsons. it's not the fake converse thi=g 
where you can say that alzheimers/parkinsons/sick people can't do yo=a...it's the real deal. if you do a lot of yoga for a 
lot of years, yo= just dont get sick from diseases that are traditionally neurotransmitter-=ediated. it's also super 
EFTA_R1_01663029 
EFTA02524065

interesting that women who get botox and do h=t yoga only have the effects of the botox for 2.4 weeks (1/3 the regular 
t=me►. 
i've measured my temperature during yoga and tracked heart rate wi=h an ekg. very interesting. too 
much to type! 
hang on more soon... 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
To: 
<mailto 
Sent: Mon, Sep 7, 2009 11:26 pm 
Subject: Re: 
lots of science people.. code breaking, signal processing. pychopharm,=membrane computing. all fun.. 
HOt yoga is not healthy, internal organ temp=too high, of course you like it, endo-release up to kazoo.. liver chem goe= 
way off--Do you have a metric for success of the philanthropy. Mayor =f Harare, sounds great. salary billion dollars a 
day. 
On Mon, Sep 7, 2009 at 11:49 PM, 
<mailto
 wrote: 
Well, I certainly have missed you. 
• 
I know that you are a keen observer and probably took away some intere=ting lessons. 
I'm sorry that you had to go through all this crap - 
Are you still doing science? Some super cool stuff out there. 
I've also got some very crazy ideas of my own that we should talk =bout. Crazy even for me, but 
probably right. I think herpes causes a few t=pes of heart disease and treating it prevents stroke and heart attack. Stu=f 
like that! 
Since you've been out of the loop some interesting stuff has happe=ed to me. 
I've been writing for the FT style section (under a fake name) a=d friendly with some of the fancy 
designer types. Good practice for me! </=iv> 
Still working on Special Initiatives at the Gates Foundation and also =eviewing the very crazy 
stuff that comes our way. I think you have a much =etter sense of the real vs. fake than Bill does. 
I manage several different portfolios of Special Projects whose grants=commitments total about 
$315M. It's crazy to think about the amount of=money. Wow. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01663030 
EFTA02524066

I'm excited about that! 
Also still doing brain surgery and contemplating going back for more t=aining (only because the 
non-invasive/high tech stuff is making me feel li=e a dinosaur!). I just don't want to leave my Gates job and a little 
w=rried if I take any more time to be a doc, they will fire me. Not sure wha= to do but ultimately, I think I have more 
longevity as a superfly doc tha= I do working at the Foundation. 
is doing fine - we just celebrated being together 10 years. Who =ould've thought? He's 
way up there aMthese days and pretty m=ch hates his job. 
I discovered hot yoga after all these years. Love it! 
Well, I think that's about it for the past few months that you hav= been away. 
I really have missed you a lot. 
Hope that you are starting to feel back to normal and if there is anyt=ing I can do for you please 
let me know? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
3 
EFTA_R1_01663031 
EFTA02524067

Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
The information contain=d in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privile=ed, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy thi= communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
4 
EFTA_R1_0 1663032 
EFTA02524068

