# EFTA02357723

**LES WEXNER REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, ohio, property

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Brad Wechsler|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[WORD]:** ung lady Rebecca Dobson (resume attached) who I very much would like to hire. Her responsibilities would include office management, administrative oversight of real estate projects, HR (in office and would suggest household employees as well) and general administration. She currently works at the Wexner Office in Ohio where she has worked for the last two years and is moving to New York because her husband is taking a job at Goldman Sachs. She is smart, solid, and energetic and comes with the highest recommendations. I expect she would make around $100,000 all in. If you have any significant o

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Brad Wechsler < 
Sent: 
Friday, May 29, 2.111
a
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein; Melanie Spinella 
Subject: 
Re: 
Jeffrey-i say "understood" but not sure I really do...wld like to talk before I contact her. She's 28, worked there for two 
years, is, I believe, a work horse and very solid. Can u call me at 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From: bwechsler@elyslIc.com 
Date: Thu, 28 May 2015 21:12:11 +0000 
To: Jeffr 
gmail.com>:, Melanie Spinella< 
ReplyTo: 
Subject: 
: 
1. Understood. I will pass on her tomorrow. Btw, adjusted for level, she has been the most impressive person I've 
interviewed since I've been here. 
2. As a function of my conversation with the paul weirs dodd frank people I am going to have rich j set up AP Tradeco 
and have it simply reflect my discretionary trading authorities. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 28 May 2015 15:06:38 -0400 
To: Brad Wechsler 
> 
Subject: Re: 
not a good idea. ill explain when i see you 
On Thu, May 28, 2015 at 3:01 PM, Brad Wechsler a 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I just had the opportunity to interview a young lady Rebecca Dobson (resume attached) who I very much would 
like to hire. Her responsibilities would include office management, administrative oversight of real estate projects, HR (in 
office and would suggest household employees as well) and general administration. She currently works at the Wexner 
Office in Ohio where she has worked for the last two years and is moving to New York because her husband is taking a 
job at Goldman Sachs. She is smart, solid, and energetic and comes with the highest recommendations. I expect she 
would make around $100,000 all in. If you have any significant objections please let me know as soon as possible as she 
is entertaining another offer. Thanks. Brad 
EFTA_R1_01343873 
EFTA02357723

please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of _WE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01343874 
EFTA02357724

