# EFTA02506534

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein, model, mc2

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"jeffrey E."|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject|<no subject>|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, March 30, 2015 5:23 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Jean Luc Brunel «tel In london Going tomorrow to Sao paulo From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Wednesday, October 29, 2014 a= 12:18 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel ><=r> Subject: <no subject> where are youy? is that in a letter or is it specul=tion from an attny On Wed, Nov 5, 2014 at 12:36 PM,

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, March 30, 2015 5:23 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Jean Luc Brunel «tel In london Going tomorrow to Sao paulo From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Wednesday, October 29, 2014 a= 12:18 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel ><=r> Subject: <no subject> where are youy? is that in a letter or is it specul=tion from an attny On Wed, Nov 5, 2014 at 12:36 PM, Jean Luc Brunel &I=dean Luc Brunel ><=r> Subject: <no subject> I would like to speak with you today In Miami, dealing with significant problems associated to m

**[FULL]:** «tel In london Going tomorrow to Sao paulo From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Wednesday, October 29, 2014 a= 12:18 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel ><=r> Subject: <no subject> where are youy? is that in a letter or is it specul=tion from an attny On Wed, Nov 5, 2014 at 12:36 PM, Jean Luc Brunel &I=dean Luc Brunel ><=r> Subject: <no subject> I would like to speak with you today In Miami, dealing with significant problems associated to mc2 model"s image on the internet. Then I go for holidays From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom</=» Date: Thursday, December 11, 2014 a= 11:35 A

**[FULL]:** n Luc Brunel ><=r> Subject: <no subject> I would like to speak with you today In Miami, dealing with significant problems associated to mc2 model"s image on the internet. Then I go for holidays From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom</=» Date: Thursday, December 11, 2014 a= 11:35 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: <no subject> are you back yet? Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:10/01/2015 19:35 (GMT+07:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel </=iv> Subject: sorry, ignore it, is the only suggestion, but i am paine= by them bringing you in again sorry sorry jan 11 EFTA_R1_01636801 EFTA02506534 so

**[FULL]:** o mc2 model"s image on the internet. Then I go for holidays From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom</=» Date: Thursday, December 11, 2014 a= 11:35 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: <no subject> are you back yet? Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:10/01/2015 19:35 (GMT+07:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel </=iv> Subject: sorry, ignore it, is the only suggestion, but i am paine= by them bringing you in again sorry sorry jan 11 EFTA_R1_01636801 EFTA02506534 sorry sorry I expect this natural disaster of = media shit storm will last the month. like a hurricane or tsunami, little can be done=to ef

**[FULL]:** sess damage and begin a strategy to rectify,=20 modify, but it will not be the same. you are physic=lly fine, as am I . I however recogninze that that is little comfort at the mome=t. If you need anything let me know. Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:13/01/2015 18:47 (GMT+07:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel </=iv> Subject: how are you holidng up? anyting you woudl like me to do? =br> 4>=A0 please note The information contained in this=communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, mayconstitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the=addressee. It is the p

**[WORD]:** row to Sao paulo From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Wednesday, October 29, 2014 a= 12:18 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel ><=r> Subject: <no subject> where are youy? is that in a letter or is it specul=tion from an attny On Wed, Nov 5, 2014 at 12:36 PM, Jean Luc Brunel &I=dean Luc Brunel ><=r> Subject: <no subject> I would like to speak with you today In Miami, dealing with significant problems associated to mc2 model"s image on the internet. Then I go for holidays From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom</=» Date: Thursday, December 11, 2014 a= 11:35 AM To: Jean Luc Brun

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, March 30, 2015 5:23 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Jean Luc Brunel «tel 
In london 
Going tomorrow to Sao paulo 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» 
Date: Wednesday, October 29, 2014 a= 12:18 PM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
><=r> Subject: <no subject> 
where are youy? 
is that in a letter or is it specul=tion from an attny 
On Wed, Nov 5, 2014 at 12:36 PM, Jean Luc Brunel &I=dean Luc 
Brunel 
><=r> Subject: <no subject> 
I would like to speak with you today 
In Miami, dealing with significant problems associated to mc2 model"s image on the internet. 
Then I go for holidays 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom</=» 
Date: Thursday, December 11, 2014 a= 11:35 AM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: <no subject> 
are you back yet? 
 
Original message 
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:10/01/2015 19:35 (GMT+07:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel </=iv> 
Subject: 
sorry, ignore it, is the only suggestion, but i am paine= by them bringing you in again sorry sorry 
jan 11 
EFTA_R1_01636801 
EFTA02506534

sorry sorry I expect this natural disaster of = media shit storm will last the month. like a hurricane or tsunami, little can 
be done=to effect it. if you stand up now, it is not without risks, =the press only wants to complete its version of a 
salacious story, not hear the truth, so any denials will be met with a stronger wind of allegations =20 . Unforrtunatley I 
think after its over this time , and it will=be,= again, we will need to assess damage and begin a strategy to rectify,=20 
modify, but it will not be the same. you are physic=lly fine, as am I . I however recogninze that that is little comfort at 
the mome=t. If you need anything let me know. 
 
Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:13/01/2015 18:47 (GMT+07:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel </=iv> 
Subject: 
how are you holidng up? anyting you woudl like me to do? 
=br> 
4>=A0 please note 
The information contained in this=communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, mayconstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the=addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or=copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibite= 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in err=r, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.comaa>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including=all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01636802 
EFTA02506535

