# EFTA00027072 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> esser LLP 800 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 Laura Menninger, Esq. Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 150 East Tenth Avenue Denver, CO 80203 Bobbi Sternheim, Esq. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 33 West 19th Street-4th Fl. New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Dear Counsel: In recognition of the Government's ongoing discovery obligations, today we are producing copies of the materials listed in the below index, which materials are stamped with control numbers SDNY GM 00328070 through SDNY_GM_00356148. The password for the drive is T

### Match 2
> s to any materials from those devices identified as privileged by the taint review team, and the Government will not produce any such privileged material to the defense in this case. Further, it is the Government's current understanding that none of the seized devices belonged to the defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell, and as a result, it is the Government's understanding that the Prosecution Team is not legally permitted to provide you with the full set of non-privileged materials that were extracted from the devices. Instead, the Government anticipates producing only the materials designated responsive to t

### Match 3
> esser LLP 800 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 Laura Menninger, Esq. Jeffrey Pagliuca, Esq. Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 150 East Tenth Avenue Denver, CO 80203 Bobbi Sternheim, Esq. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 33 West 19th Street-4th Fl. New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Dear Counsel: In recognition of the Government's ongoing discovery obligations, today we are producing copies of the materials listed in the below index, which materials are stamped with control numbers SDNY GM 00328070 through SDNY_GM_00356148. The password for the dri

### Match 4
> s to any materials from those devices identified as privileged by the taint review team, and the Government will not produce any such privileged material to the defense in this case. Further, it is the Government's current understanding that none of the seized devices belonged to the defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell, and as a result, it is the Government's understanding that the Prosecution Team is not legally permitted to provide you with the full set of non-privileged materials that were extracted from the devices. Instead, the Government anticipates producing only the materials designated respons
