# EFTA02496180

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, July 4, 2015 9:55 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: everything ok? On Sat, Jul 4, 2015 at 11:48 PM, Eva Dubin c wrote: <=iv dir="auto"> Going to sleep now.... I will call in=morning when I wake up.... Ok??? Sent from my iPhone =n Jul 4, 2015, at 10:42 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote:

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, July 4, 2015 9:55 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: everything ok? On Sat, Jul 4, 2015 at 11:48 PM, Eva Dubin c wrote: <=iv dir="auto"> Going to sleep now.... I will call in=morning when I wake up.... Ok??? Sent from my iPhone =n Jul 4, 2015, at 10:42 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: Call in one hour On Saturday, July 4, 2015, Eva Dubin < wrote: Back fro

**[FULL]:** , 2015 at 11:48 PM, Eva Dubin c wrote: <=iv dir="auto"> Going to sleep now.... I will call in=morning when I wake up.... Ok??? Sent from my iPhone =n Jul 4, 2015, at 10:42 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: Call in one hour On Saturday, July 4, 2015, Eva Dubin < wrote: Back from the hospital.. <=iv>Tried your cell.. We think he ha Sent from my iPhone On Jul 4, 2015, at 11:36 AM, jeffrey E.=<jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: call paris please no=e The information contained in this communication is confidenti=l, may be attorney-client privileged, may

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, July 4, 2015 9:55 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
everything ok? 
On Sat, Jul 4, 2015 at 11:48 PM, Eva Dubin c
 wrote: 
<=iv dir="auto"> 
Going to sleep now.... 
I will call in=morning when I wake up.... Ok??? 
Sent from my iPhone 
=n Jul 4, 2015, at 10:42 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: 
Call in one hour 
On Saturday, July 4, 2015, Eva Dubin < 
wrote: 
Back from the hospital.. 
<=iv>Tried your cell.. 
We think he ha 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 4, 2015, at 11:36 AM, jeffrey E.=<jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
call paris 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidenti=l, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information= and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property =f 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communicati=n or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_01620556 
EFTA02496180

and may be unlawful. If yo= have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediatel= by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
=estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information=contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client=privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for=br>the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized =se, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
co=munication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or b= e-mail to jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01620557 
EFTA02496181

