# EFTA02515597

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Miluska Vanegas|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject|RE: visa|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, November 7, 2014 6:10 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: visa thanks On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 12:47 PM, Jean Luc Brun=l wrote: This is the way that it was done every 3 years until now and it has ne=er been a problem From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com<h» Date: Friday, November 7, 2014 at 1=:17 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel atg=; Su

**[FULL]:** PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: visa thanks On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 12:47 PM, Jean Luc Brun=l wrote: This is the way that it was done every 3 years until now and it has ne=er been a problem From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com<h» Date: Friday, November 7, 2014 at 1=:17 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel atg=; Subject: Re: FW: visa why did he apply for a new 0 1, and not an extensio= http://www.hooyou.com/o-l/duration.html chttp://www.hooyou.com/o-l/duration.html> .. everyone else we =erely apply for one year extensions over and over. =was your time up? • 1 PM, Jean Luc Brunel > wrote: From:

**[FULL]:** at 1=:17 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel atg=; Subject: Re: FW: visa why did he apply for a new 0 1, and not an extensio= http://www.hooyou.com/o-l/duration.html chttp://www.hooyou.com/o-l/duration.html> .. everyone else we =erely apply for one year extensions over and over. =was your time up? • 1 PM, Jean Luc Brunel > wrote: From: Miluska Vanegas Date: Friday, Novem To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: RE: visa • - SIOEFINGEM17 Hi Jean Luc, Attached are the documents that correspond t= your visa petition. • =C2 September 5th, he received the request for evi=ence EFTA_R1_01649983 EFTA02515597 =C2 Septembe

**[FULL]:** pply for a new 0 1, and not an extensio= http://www.hooyou.com/o-l/duration.html chttp://www.hooyou.com/o-l/duration.html> .. everyone else we =erely apply for one year extensions over and over. =was your time up? • 1 PM, Jean Luc Brunel > wrote: From: Miluska Vanegas Date: Friday, Novem To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: RE: visa • - SIOEFINGEM17 Hi Jean Luc, Attached are the documents that correspond t= your visa petition. • =C2 September 5th, he received the request for evi=ence EFTA_R1_01649983 EFTA02515597 =C2 September 9th, he emailed me a list of things =hat we could send as evidence • =C2

**[FULL]:** your v=sa application. • =C2 November 4th, her assistant sent me the letter=that was sent to immigration to cancel the visa. • =C2 Today I emailed Luis, asking what was the prob=em and why they are taking so long for the approval but until this moment = havent heard from him. Miluska From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Wednesday, November 05, 2014 11:29 PM To: Miluska Venegas Subject: visa Can you send me all documentation related=to my visa petition Also what you remember of phone call with=luis about delay thanks 2 EFTA_R1_01649984 EFTA02515598 please note The information contained in this comm

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, November 7, 2014 6:10 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: visa 
thanks 
On Fri, Nov 7, 2014 at 12:47 PM, Jean Luc Brun=l 
wrote: 
This is the way that it was done every 3 years until now and it has ne=er been a problem 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com<h» 
Date: Friday, November 7, 2014 at 1=:17 PM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel atg=; 
Subject: Re: FW: visa 
why did he apply for a new 0 1, and not an extensio= http://www.hooyou.com/o-l/duration.html 
chttp://www.hooyou.com/o-l/duration.html> .. everyone else we =erely apply for one year extensions over and over. 
=was your time up? 
• 1 PM, Jean Luc Brunel 
> wrote: 
From: Miluska Vanegas 
Date: Friday, Novem 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: RE: visa 
• - SIOEFINGEM17 
Hi Jean Luc, 
Attached are the documents that correspond t= your visa petition. 
• =C2 
September 5th, he received the request for evi=ence 
EFTA_R1_01649983 
EFTA02515597

=C2 
September 9th, he emailed me a list of things =hat we could send as evidence 
• =C2 
October 9th, he emailed me: "All the materials you provided for Jean Luc have been provided 
to immigration and we are awaitin= their reply. As soon as I have additional information I will immediately =et you 
know. We should have information shortly. In the meantime, if Jean =uc is abroad and must travel to the states, he can 
enter under the ESTA visa (formerly VWPP) program which=is available to all nationals of the European Union. After the 
O-1 visa pe=ition is approved, Jean Luc will be able to have the visa issued at the U.=. Embassy in Paris. I will send you 
the online link for the ESTA program in the event Jean Luc is not regi=tered on the site. I promise I'll be in touch as soon 
as I have good n=ws". 
• =C2 
October 15th, he text me: "No news, but p=ease know we are on top of it and it is one of our 
very top priorities!!&q=ot; 
• =C2 
October 22nd, he text me: "We really shou=d be receiving notification from the Vermont sery 
center very shortly. =A0 I will check again with them today. Remember Jean Luc can always enter the US under ESTA 
program while the O-1=petition is pending at immigration. I'll update you later today.=u> 
• =C2 
October 28th, he text me: "Believe me I a= very frustrated, especially since they have approved 
our petitions 3 prev=ous occasions! Today, I'm contacting my friend who is the District Director for a member of 
Congress so that sh= can help on this. It really shouldn't be much longer. =I'll let you know immediately upon having any 
additional information.=C2 Hopefully this week". 
=C2 
November 3rd I requested Luis to cancel your v=sa application. 
• =C2 
November 4th, her assistant sent me the letter=that was sent to immigration to cancel the 
visa. 
• =C2 
Today I emailed Luis, asking what was the prob=em and why they are taking so long for the 
approval but until this moment = havent heard from him. 
Miluska 
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: Wednesday, November 05, 2014 11:29 PM 
To: Miluska Venegas 
Subject: visa 
Can you send me all documentation related=to my visa petition 
Also what you remember of phone call with=luis about delay 
thanks 
2 
EFTA_R1_01649984 
EFTA02515598

please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01649985 
EFTA02515599

