# EFTA00015204 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Strauss, Audrey (USANYS)
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monda Jul 06, 2020 21:07
- **Subject:** Re: Your outstanding work

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> eally appreciate the kind words, thank you. And looking forward to the WebEx -- hopefully this afternoon! Original Message From: Strauss, Audrey (USANYS) Sent: Monda Jul 06, 2020 21:07 To: Subject: Re: Your outstanding work I think you did a spectacular job, first with Epstein, and now with Maxwell. And from what I could see, the teamwork was excellent. You have my thanks and admiration. Let's be sure to schedule the team Webex when you all have time to do it. Audrey Sent from my iPhone > On Jul 6, 2020, at 5:07 PM, wrote: > Audrey, > This is now belated -- I confess that even I took

### Match 2
> e: > Audrey, > This is now belated -- I confess that even I took a couple days off this past weekend! -- but I wanted to say thank you for the kind words, and to express appreciation for your support of this investigation, not only in the initial Epstein prosecution but through the new angle on Maxwell and follow-up on other individuals as well. Everyone all the way up the chain has really cared about this the whole way through, and it was a team effort to work through the byzantine legal issues, the challenges with various witnesses, and all the other ancillary things that came up along the w

### Match 3
> nd it was a team effort to work through the byzantine legal issues, the challenges with various witnesses, and all the other ancillary things that came up along the way. As one of the victim's counsel said to us recently, it has helped to right two wrongs - - the initial wrong of what Epstein and Maxwell did, and the secondary wrong of how it was approached by the government the first time around. So, thank you again, and we're looking forward to the next stages. > Original Message > From: Strauss, Audrey (USANYS) aMINE> > Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 13:26 > To: > Cc: > Subject: Your outs
