# EFTA00011135 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Nathan NYSD Chambers
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monde October 11 20217:53 PM
- **Subject:** US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From To Cc Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire Date: Thu, 14 Oct 2021 14:57:31 +0000 Attachments: Joint_Maxwelliury_Questionnairejto_Court].docx; Joint_Proposed_Voir_Direjto_Courtidocx Chambers, Please see attached. Respectfully, From: Nathan NYSD Chambers Sent: Thursd

### Match 2
> and Voir Dire Date: Thu, 14 Oct 2021 14:57:31 +0000 Attachments: Joint_Maxwelliury_Questionnairejto_Court].docx; Joint_Proposed_Voir_Direjto_Courtidocx Chambers, Please see attached. Respectfully, From: Nathan NYSD Chambers Sent: Thursda October 14 20219:36 AM To: Cc: Subject: Re: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire Counsel: The Court requests that counsel provide Word doc versions of the proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire. Sincerely, Chambers of the Hon. Alison J. Nathan From Sent: Monde October 11 20217:53 PM To Cc Subject:

### Match 3
> . 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire Counsel: The Court requests that counsel provide Word doc versions of the proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire. Sincerely, Chambers of the Hon. Alison J. Nathan From Sent: Monde October 11 20217:53 PM To Cc Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Joint Proposed Juror Questionnaire and Voir Dire CAUTION - EXTERNAL: Good evening, EFTA00011135 Attached please find the parties' joint proposed juror questionnaire and voir dire. Per the attached letter, the parties respectfully request that the Court accept the joint prop
