# EFTA02349711

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: mit

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Josh Harris|
|Sent|Wednesday, November 26, 2014 07:07 PM|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** ject: Re: call me tomorw if you get a chance-I thought you might like to schmooze , get some of his ideas etc. nothing but fun friday 5th breakfast On Wed, Nov 26, 2014 at 7:04 PM, Josh Harris > wrote: Hey Jeff. Sorry i missed you. Crazy week? U around any time from now to sunday? Whats this Bill Gates thing about? Tks for thinking about me. Best. This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or other use o

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Josh Harris 
Sent: 
Thursday, November 27, 2014 12:08 AM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com* 
Subject: 
Re: 
Cool. Will do. Thx 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, November 26, 2014 07:07 PM 
To: Josh Harris 
Subject: Re: 
call me tomorw if you get a chance-I 
thought you might like to schmooze , get some of his ideas etc. 
nothing but fun friday 5th breakfast 
On Wed, Nov 26, 2014 at 7:04 PM, Josh Harris
 > wrote: 
Hey Jeff. 
Sorry i missed you. Crazy week? U around any time from now to sunday? Whats this Bill Gates thing about? Tks 
for thinking about me. Best. 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential 
and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are 
addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
EFTA_R1_01326453 
EFTA02349711

please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they 
are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in error please contact the sender and delete the material from 
any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
2 
EFTA_R1_01326454 
EFTA02349712

