# EFTA02516665

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** t: Wednesday, October 1, 2014 3:41 PM To: A. de Rothschild Subject: Re: anderew and I know each other veryvery well On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at=11:39 AM, A. de Rothschild < > wrote: Yes got back lyesterday . Many meetings today and will have dinner with Ban Ki moon tonight . Do you k=ow Prince Andrew ? If yes, will tell you when in Paris. Israel was intense=as usual . Ehen are you arriving ? Sent from my iPhone On 1 oct. 2014, at 13:10, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> wrote: are you back? =C2 please note The information contained in this communication =s c

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 1, 2014 3:41 PM 
To: 
A. de Rothschild 
Subject: 
Re: 
anderew and I know each other veryvery well 
On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at=11:39 AM, A. de Rothschild < 
> wrote: 
Yes got back lyesterday . Many meetings today and will have dinner with Ban Ki moon tonight . Do you k=ow Prince 
Andrew ? If yes, will tell you when in Paris. Israel was intense=as usual . Ehen are you arriving ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 1 oct. 2014, at 13:10, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> wrote: 
are you back? 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communication =s 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute in=ide information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It =s the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thi= 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be=unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please noti=y us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> , and 
des=roy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachment=. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, =ay be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside 
information, an= is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property ofIEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
copying of this communication o= any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you ha=e received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by=br>return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
EFTA_R1_01651709 
EFTA02516665

<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communicat=on and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
copyright -all ri=hts reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01651710 
EFTA02516666

