# EFTA02549467

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|a>|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: "Low Life"|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin < Sent: Sunday, January 29, 2012 9:24 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: "Low Life" I am S00000 excited Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sun, 29 Jan 2012 20:34:59 To: a> Subject: Re: "Low Life" its very im

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin < 
Sent: 
Sunday, January 29, 2012 9:24 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: "Low Life" 
I am S00000 excited 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 29 Jan 2012 20:34:59 
To: a> 
Subject: Re: "Low Life" 
its very importnat to me thanks 
=0A=DA=n Sun, Jan 29, 2012 at 2:01 PM, Peggy Siegal < 
wrote: 
<mailt= 
> > 
=re you joking? Mattie Siegal is the production assistant in the art dep=rtment. Guess who got her the job. I know the 
director James Gray.=A0 The producer is Greg Shapiro who produced "The Hurt Locker" and is also=doing Kathryn 
Bigelow's new film in Jordan...The Hunt for Ben Laden... 
="Low Life" started production Friday. Mattie has the shooting schedule. 
=Ask Eve to email me and we will go to the set. Peg = 
- 
Original Message 
=From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= > 
=To: Peggy Siegal 
=Sent: Sun Jan 2913:25:33 2012 
=Subject: 
=1 want to get eva on the new york set of the jauquin phoenox movie set. ,=AO james gray, director. please help = 
=--
=The information contained in this communication is =confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =the use of the addressee. It is the property of =Jeffrey Epstein 
=Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this =communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this =communication in error, please notify us immediately by =return e-mail or by e-mail 
to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> , and =destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved = = = 
=0A=0A=-
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
I 
EFTA_R1_01704702 
EFTA02549467

=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>20959S</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1327872306</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>203770</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01704703 
EFTA02549468

