# EFTA02357915

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** Paris Monday .are you free in the evening? I can be in Paris Tuesday+ evening but n=ed to reschedule my meetings Sorry to be so absent- my dad and B- quite s=mething to manage Ariana de Rothschild On 20 Feb 2016, at 21:24, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmai=.com» wrote: bill gates right hand , and food guru &nb=p; Nathan Myrhvold is in paris until tues if you are here. &nbs=; he had the best selling food book in history last year. please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside informa

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Saturday, February 20, 2016 11:30 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
Hi Jeff, I II be in Paris Monday .are you free in the evening? 
I can be in Paris Tuesday+ evening but n=ed to reschedule my meetings Sorry to be so absent- my dad and B- quite 
s=mething to manage 
Ariana de Rothschild 
On 20 Feb 2016, at 21:24, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmai=.com» wrote: 
bill gates right hand , and food guru &nb=p; Nathan Myrhvold is in paris until tues if you are here. &nbs=; he 
had the best selling food book in history last year. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01344643 
EFTA02357915

