# EFTA02582566

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: Thursday, March 20, 2014 3:21 PM To: Tyler Shears Cc: jeevacation@gmail.com Subject: Clinton news I've noticed that none of the negative stuff shows up under bill Clinton's g=ogle which is a major plus. So hopefully this will have the same course as t=e woody Allen piece 2 months ago. > On Mar 20, 2014, at 10:46 AM, Tyler Shears < > wrote: > We are pushing to help get this up but having Bill Clinton in the other is=making it tough to pop anything other up. Check

**[FULL]:** ews I've noticed that none of the negative stuff shows up under bill Clinton's g=ogle which is a major plus. So hopefully this will have the same course as t=e woody Allen piece 2 months ago. > On Mar 20, 2014, at 10:46 AM, Tyler Shears < > wrote: > We are pushing to help get this up but having Bill Clinton in the other is=making it tough to pop anything other up. Check again in 8 hours > Sent from my iPhone » On Mar 20, 2014, at 9:47 AM, i> wrote: >> » Hi Tyler, » See the press release published this morning. Everyone's picking it up bu= don't see it on googles 1st page yet. Tough because Da

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Thursday, March 20, 2014 3:21 PM 
To: 
Tyler Shears 
Cc: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Clinton news 
I've noticed that none of the negative stuff shows up under bill Clinton's g=ogle which is a major plus. So hopefully this 
will have the same course as t=e woody Allen piece 2 months ago. 
> On Mar 20, 2014, at 10:46 AM, Tyler Shears <
> wrote: 
> We are pushing to help get this up but having Bill Clinton in the other is=making it tough to pop anything other up. 
Check again in 8 hours 
> Sent from my iPhone 
» On Mar 20, 2014, at 9:47 AM, 
i> 
wrote: 
>> 
» Hi Tyler, 
» See the press release published this morning. Everyone's picking it up bu= don't see it on googles 1st page yet. Tough 
because Daily Mail has about 3=new articles out 
>> 
» http://www.cnbc.com/id/101510498 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>286030</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1395328840</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
EFTA_R1_01760280 
EFTA02582566

<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>397190</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01760281 
EFTA02582567

