# EFTA02414167

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Wed Dec 01 14:34:36 2010|
|Subject|Re: Dinner Thursday|

---

**[WORD]:** ation@gmail.com> To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Wed Dec 01 14:25:24 2010 Subject: Re: Dinner Thursday No , keep it small Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Dec I, 2010, at 1:44 PM, "Peggy Sieger wrote: I think we should invite a few more incase Charlie Rose does not come... Yes list: Andrew Jeffrey George Stephanopolous Ali Wentworth Woody Allen EFTA_R1_01477062 EFTA02414167 Soon-Yi Allen Charlie Rose- if he does not go to Duke to a BB game, he is coining Katie Couric. She is asking Chelsea Handler and bf Brooks Perlin. She is trying to come. If Chelsea says yes. they will c

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comfjeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Wed 12/1/2010 8:49:21 PM 
Subject: Re: Dinner Thursday 
Title: Re: Dinner Thursday 
I told George it's strickly social...I will tell him. Did George reach out to you directly? 
— Original Message —
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@)gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Wed Dec 01 14:58:04 2010 
Subject: Re: Dinner Thursday 
andrew is not here to be interviewed by george , ie just got a message that george wants to speak to him.. THIS is 
PRIVATE.. it will be uncomfortable 
On Wed, Dec 1.2010 at 2:40 PM, Peggy Siegal 
wrote: 
I am nervous about Charlie Rose. Coining if he does not go to Duke... And Katie did not confirm her 3 yet. 
You and I will be looking at each other. 
Also, waiting to hear from Richard LeFrak. Woody knows. Richard wants to come..he is checking with Karen. 
— Original Message — 
From: Peggy Siegal 
To: ijeovacation@gmail.comi <joevacation@junail.com> 
Sent: Wed Dec 01 14:34:36 2010 
Subject: Re: Dinner Thursday 
I can get Nora Ephron...she is brilliant. Nick can't come. 
— Original Message --
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Wed Dec 01 14:25:24 2010 
Subject: Re: Dinner Thursday 
No , keep it small 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec I, 2010, at 1:44 PM, "Peggy Sieger 
wrote: 
I think we should invite a few more incase Charlie Rose does not come... 
Yes list: 
Andrew 
Jeffrey 
George Stephanopolous 
Ali Wentworth 
Woody Allen 
EFTA_R1_01477062 
EFTA02414167

Soon-Yi Allen 
Charlie Rose- if he does not go to Duke to a BB game, he is coining 
Katie Couric. She is asking Chelsea Handler and bf Brooks Perlin. She is trying to come. If Chelsea says yes. 
they will come. 
Pending- but not likely 
Kate Winslet 
David Blaine- you are 
asking 
No- not in town 
Barry Diller 
Annie Hathaway 
Philip Roth 
Rick Stengel 
Do you want me to invite more? 
Matt Lauer 
l egRyan 
Nom Ephron/Nick Pileggi 
Woody Johnson 
Tory Bureh/Lyor Cohen 
Stephen Daldry- did Billy Elliot, The Reader, The I lours...hilarious, smart 
Cynthia McFadden- nightline...she is great. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged. may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jmvaeation @egmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01 477063 
EFTA02414168

