# EFTA02396635

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: model, mc2

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>Dominique Nameche|
|To|=/b>"Richard Kahn (-|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>jeanluc brunel|

---

**[FULL]:** er insurance requirements from =oving company please advise Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. EFTA_R1_01429117 EFTA02396635 Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>Dominique Nameche To: =/b>"Richard Kahn (- Subject: =/b>jeanluc brunel Date: =/b>April 7, 2015 at 10:10:34 AM =DT Hi Richard, ) Jean Luc Brunel ask me =o emailed you and to let you know that the movers will be there on =pril 13th and the apartment will be empty by the =nd of the day. Sincerely. Regards, Dominique Nameche MC2 Models Management please note The information contained in this =ommunication is confidential, may be attorn

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Tuesday, April 7, 2015 2:29 PM 
To: 
jeffre E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
not sure on furniture 
please let me know who =ou would like to be there (sue, myself, gregory, svet..) in addition to =nthony 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Apr 7, 2015, at 10:27 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
is it all jean lucs furniture? we should have someone =here. 
On Tue, Apr 7, 2015 at 10:18 AM, =ichard Kahn < 
wrote: 
after just speaking with =nthony he informed me that _IL housekeeper showed up on saturday and =ust 
have made JL aware of notice with april 13th date posted on his =oor 
they cannot just send movers to building without =gmt co (anthony approval) along with proper 
insurance requirements from =oving company 
please advise 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
EFTA_R1_01429117 
EFTA02396635

Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>Dominique Nameche 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn (-
Subject: =/b>jeanluc brunel 
Date: =/b>April 7, 2015 at 10:10:34 AM =DT 
Hi Richard, 
) 
Jean Luc Brunel ask me =o emailed you and to let you know that the movers will be there on 
=pril 13th and the apartment will be empty by the =nd of the day. 
Sincerely. 
Regards, 
Dominique Nameche 
MC2 Models Management 
please note 
The information contained in this =ommunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client =rivileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is =ntended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the =roperty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure =r copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
2 
EFTA_R1_01429118 
EFTA02396636

and may be unlawful. If you have =eceived this 
communication in error, please notify us =mmediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this =ommunication and all copies thereof, 
including all =ttachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01429119 
EFTA02396637

