# EFTA02247653

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** >> On Jun 8, 2018, at 1:47 PM, wrote: > > >> Merwin has confirmed there is moisture between the panes of glass on Ehud's window...let me know when you would like to have a look so I can ask Nili to disarm the alarm for your men. >» On Jun 8, 2018, at 1:05 PM, A Barrett •:I MI> wrote: >» ,» Andrew is away until July 5. I will take care of the ac on Monday June 11. 9am. >>> What do you need with the windows in 11J? >» >>> Anthony Barrett >» >» »» On Jun 8, 2018, at 12:42 PM, wrote: >>>> >>» Hello Anthony and Andrew...I have emailed several times and left a voice mail for Andrew and

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Pr 
ies Barrett Anthony 
From: 
Sent: 
Fri 6/8/2018 5:51:39 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
let me see if I can get a hold of Nili _ 
> On Jun 8, 2018, at 1:51 P14, Anthony Barrett < 
wrote: 
> 
• i can look today 
>> On Jun 8, 2018, at 1:47 PM, 
wrote: 
> > 
>> Merwin has confirmed there is moisture between the panes of glass on Ehud's 
window...let me know when you would like to have a look so I can ask Nili to disarm 
the alarm for your men. 
>» On Jun 8, 2018, at 1:05 PM, A Barrett •:I
MI> wrote: 
>» 
,» Andrew is away until July 5. I will take care of the ac on Monday June 11. 
9am. 
>>> What do you need with the windows in 11J? 
>» 
>>> Anthony Barrett 
>» 
>» 
»» On Jun 8, 2018, at 12:42 PM, 
wrote: 
>>>> 
>>» Hello Anthony and Andrew...I have emailed several times and left a voice mail 
for Andrew and yet to hear back re the below: 
>>» 
>>>> -when can the AC be fixed in apt 3M...we wanted it done June 7,8, 11 or 
12...would like it completed by June 13 before occupant returns from her travels. 
I need to schedule our man Leo at the same time-might there be a time that is 
convenient for you? 
>>» 
>>» -where are we with the window issue in 11J, Ehud's apartment...they will be 
away for about a month so we have some time to fix/replace it..please let me 
know. We will need to coordinate with Nili due to the alarm on apt. 
>>» 
»» Look forward to hearing back quickly. 
>>>> 
»» Thanks, 
>>» 
>>>> 
>>> 
EFTA_R1_01027058 
EFTA02247653

