# EFTA02499904

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, June 9, 2015 7:33 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: jeff, Jeff, call ,skype whatever you prefer, = will; be back in new york in two weeks On Tue, Jun 9, 2015 at 3:05 PM, Eva Dubin «mailto > > wrote: Hi Jeff P. and Jeff E., Here is yo=r email introduction to each other. Have a splendid day. Your truly, E =C2 please note The in

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, June 9, 2015 7:33 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: jeff, Jeff, call ,skype whatever you prefer, = will; be back in new york in two weeks On Tue, Jun 9, 2015 at 3:05 PM, Eva Dubin «mailto > > wrote: Hi Jeff P. and Jeff E., Here is yo=r email introduction to each other. Have a splendid day. Your truly, E =C2 please note The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute in=ide information, and is intended

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, June 9, 2015 7:33 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
jeff, Jeff, call ,skype whatever you prefer, = will; be back in new york in two weeks 
On Tue, Jun 9, 2015 at 3:05 PM, Eva Dubin «mailto
> > wrote: 
Hi Jeff P. and Jeff E., 
Here is yo=r email introduction to each other. 
Have a splendid day. 
Your truly, 
E 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It =s the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of thi= communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be=unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please noti=y us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> , and des=roy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachment=. copyright -all rights reserved 
--047d7bd8fe3065b78205181ad4d2-- conversation-id 113660 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1433878395 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 514491 
EFTA_R1_01626581 
EFTA02499904

