# EFTA02298121

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Eva Dubin|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, August 15, 2013 4:06 PM To: Karyna Shuliak; Subject: Fwd: you girls are all going. Forwarded messa e From: Eva Dubin Date: Thu, Aug 15, 2013 at 9:59 AM Subject: RE: To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> September 30th at 12:00pm. I have you taking and fill=ng one table. I will call you later. and I are driving to Kremmling t=day. Date: Wed, 14 Aug 2013 21:33:38 -0600 Subject: jeevacatio=@gmail.com <mailto:

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, August 15, 2013 4:06 PM 
To: 
Karyna Shuliak; 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
you girls are all going. 
 
Forwarded messa e 
From: Eva Dubin 
Date: Thu, Aug 15, 2013 at 9:59 AM 
Subject: RE: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
September 30th at 12:00pm. I have you taking and fill=ng one table. I will call you later. 
and I are driving to 
Kremmling t=day. 
Date: Wed, 14 Aug 2013 21:33:38 -0600 
Subject: 
jeevacatio=@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
date for you lunch?<=r clear="all"> 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential= may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01161888 
EFTA02298121

The information contained in this communication =s 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute in=ide information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or=by e-mail to je=vacationcg'gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01161889 
EFTA02298122

