# EFTA02599421

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Jeffrey E."|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, December 21, 2014 9:36 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: what did you hve? are yoyu ok? =div class="gmail_extra"> On Sat, Dec 20, 2=14 at 11:24 PM, Jean Luc Brunel >=wrote: Thanks for asking A little amelioration. ..but I need to regain some strength. It =ill take a little time Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Je

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, December 21, 2014 9:36 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: what did you hve? are yoyu ok? =div class="gmail_extra"> On Sat, Dec 20, 2=14 at 11:24 PM, Jean Luc Brunel >=wrote: Thanks for asking A little amelioration. ..but I need to regain some strength. It =ill take a little time Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:21/12/2014 05:50 (GMT+07:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: feeeling better? please note The information c

**[FULL]:** div class="gmail_extra"> On Sat, Dec 20, 2=14 at 11:24 PM, Jean Luc Brunel >=wrote: Thanks for asking A little amelioration. ..but I need to regain some strength. It =ill take a little time Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:21/12/2014 05:50 (GMT+07:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: feeeling better? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, December 21, 2014 9:36 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
what did you hve? are yoyu ok? 
=div class="gmail_extra"> 
On Sat, Dec 20, 2=14 at 11:24 PM, Jean Luc Brunel 
>=wrote: 
Thanks for asking 
A little amelioration. ..but I need to regain some strength. It =ill take a little time 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:21/12/2014 05:50 (GMT+07:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
feeeling better? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01785950 
EFTA02599421

please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01785951 
EFTA02599422

