# EFTA02280177

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Hagen, Meddle|
|Sent|Wednesday, April 3, 2019 2:36 PM|
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** To i From: Sent Thur 4/4/2019 11:28:36 AM Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein 2pm on Friday is confirmed!! Please have Andrew come to Jeffrey's house! 9 East 71st Street between 5th and Madison. Thx! Sent from my iPhone On Apr 3, 2019, at 6:06 PM, Hagen, Maddie > wrote: ALF has lunch and dinner plans tomorrow and Friday. Any chance Jeffrey can meet on Friday after lunchtime. Say, 2pm? Might that work? Thank you, M

**[WORD]:** > wrote: ALF has lunch and dinner plans tomorrow and Friday. Any chance Jeffrey can meet on Friday after lunchtime. Say, 2pm? Might that work? Thank you, Maddie From: Sent: Wednesday, April 3, 2019 2:36 PM To: Hagen, Meddle Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hi Maddic! Jeffrey is in NY and asking if Andrew would like to come see him tomorrow, Thursday April 4 or Friday April 5...please let me know...below are some day/times that work: Thursday April 4: 8:30am Breakfast 12:00pm Lunch Any time after 5:30pm Friday April 5: 8:30am Breakfast 12:30pm Lunch Anytime after 6pm Let me know! and if n

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To 
i
From: 
Sent 
Thur 4/4/2019 11:28:36 AM 
Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
2pm on Friday is confirmed!! Please have Andrew come to Jeffrey's house! 9 East 71st Street 
between 5th and Madison. Thx! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 3, 2019, at 6:06 PM, Hagen, Maddie 
> wrote: 
ALF has lunch and dinner plans tomorrow and Friday. Any chance Jeffrey can meet on 
Friday after lunchtime. Say, 2pm? Might that work? 
Thank you, 
Maddie 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, April 3, 2019 2:36 PM 
To: Hagen, Meddle 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Maddic! Jeffrey is in NY and asking if Andrew would like to come see him 
tomorrow, Thursday April 4 or Friday April 5...please let me know...below are 
some day/times that work: 
Thursday April 4: 
8:30am Breakfast 
12:00pm Lunch 
Any time after 5:30pm 
Friday April 5: 
8:30am Breakfast 
12:30pm Lunch 
Anytime after 6pm 
Let me know! and if nothing above works, suggest something and we can see if 
we can make it work! 
EFTA_R1_01099826 
EFTA02280177

This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using 
this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance 
thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please 
contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital 
Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01099827 
EFTA02280178

