# EFTA02345506

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, June 6, 2012 8:41 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: he deserves it I will go , he has bad press lately , very bad . I do not wantIMI back in t=e market . Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Jun 6, 2012, at 4:32 AM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: > He wants to have a drink or a quick phone call. You are may be right, marr=age

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, June 6, 2012 8:41 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: he deserves it I will go , he has bad press lately , very bad . I do not wantIMI back in t=e market . Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Jun 6, 2012, at 4:32 AM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: > He wants to have a drink or a quick phone call. You are may be right, marr=age is a good idea. Would you go to the ceremony. I need a little help to c=nvince myself about the benefits of getting married. <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 6, 2012 8:41 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: he deserves it 
I will go , he has bad press lately , very bad . I do not wantIMI back in t=e market . 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 6, 2012, at 4:32 AM, Jean Luc Brunel 
wrote: 
> He wants to have a drink or a quick phone call. You are may be right, marr=age is a good idea. Would you go to the 
ceremony. I need a little help to c=nvince myself about the benefits of getting married. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1338972133</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox<Aey> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5E1Gmail%SD/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>227708</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01315137 
EFTA02345506

