# EFTA02493445

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, August 11, 2015 8:50 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: hemmoride On Tue, Aug 11, 2015 at 2:48 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: For what? Sent from my iPhone On Aug 11, 2015, at 2:22 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevaca=ion@gmail.com> wrote: <=r> what is the name o= the steroid cream? is it prescription? =C2 please note The

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, August 11, 2015 8:50 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: hemmoride On Tue, Aug 11, 2015 at 2:48 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: For what? Sent from my iPhone On Aug 11, 2015, at 2:22 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevaca=ion@gmail.com> wrote: <=r> what is the name o= the steroid cream? is it prescription? =C2 please note The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, August 11, 2015 8:50 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
hemmoride 
On Tue, Aug 11, 2015 at 2:48 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
For what? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 11, 2015, at 2:22 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevaca=ion@gmail.com> wrote: 
<=r> 
what is the name o= the steroid cream? is it prescription? 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communication =s 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute in=ide information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It =s the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thi= 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be=unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please noti=y us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> , and 
des=roy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachment=. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
EFTA_R1_01616682 
EFTA02493445

co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error =please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01616683 
EFTA02493446

