# EFTA02585637

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, flight

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** nt: Monday, July 21, 2014 7:48 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Haven't forgotten! I need a short bio and her full name please! Tomorrow afternoon will try to send complete list of options as she will nee= to sort out her visas/flights There's some really neat stuff going on in Ethiopia with Gates and then also=in Nigeria with Mara. She might enjoy seeing how tech startups in Nigeria look a lot different in A=rica. Team is young and great fun and it's very safe for a day or two. She c=uld also spend a day in Dubai! More later busy schedule still till tomorrow afternoon. <?xml version=.0"

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Monday, July 21, 2014 7:48 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Haven't forgotten! 
I need a short bio and her full name please! 
Tomorrow afternoon will try to send complete list of options as she will nee= to sort out her visas/flights 
There's some really neat stuff going on in Ethiopia with Gates and then also=in Nigeria with Mara. 
She might enjoy seeing how tech startups in Nigeria look a lot different in A=rica. Team is young and great fun and it's 
very safe for a day or two. She c=uld also spend a day in Dubai! 
More later busy schedule still till tomorrow afternoon. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<pl ist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>296289</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1405928865</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195717</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>425327</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01765300 
EFTA02585637

