# EFTA02436885

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Labor Day|

---

**[FULL]:** r Harlem home- the end of films shows education is their salvation..and main character is triumphant. Very moving film. So last night at Pete Peterson's I saw Superintendent of New York Schools Joel Klein and told him about the Min....now he wants to see it asap...he is going to LA Tuedsay with Bill Gates and Viacom and they have a hugh program about education...) think 0bama is making a speech to school children Tuesday...and 0phrah has put her name on it and is the executive producer...she is doing five parts on tv...and will premiere it next week at The Toronto Film Festival (I am going for

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.comlleeyacation©gmaitcom] 
Fran: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Sun 9/8/2009 11:28:59 PM 
Subject: Labor Day 
Title: Labor Day 
Saw Eva Dubin yesterday with her kids in Perri Peltz and Eric Ruttenberg's guest house....she is beyond beautiful. 
Saturday morning, everyone in tennislexercize clothes and she was wearing grey knee length tights and a tight top...with a 
perfit figure. 
We spoke about you...she says she calls everyday... 
and you are well. 
I am on my way to Ronald Perelman's barbeque tonight for 100...will report. 
Had lunch on with Pepe and Emilia on their boat...it was too windy to go out so we ate on board in the harbor... 
They are headed back to Palm Beach tomorrow. 
The screening of "Precious" was very successful Friday....film is very powerful and after watching black people treat each 
other like animals in their Harlem home- the end of films shows education is their salvation..and main character is 
triumphant. 
Very moving film. 
So last night at Pete Peterson's I saw Superintendent of New York Schools Joel Klein and told him about the Min....now he 
wants to see it asap...he is going to LA Tuedsay with Bill Gates and Viacom and they have a hugh program about 
education...) think 0bama is making a speech to school children Tuesday...and 0phrah has put her name on it and is the 
executive producer...she is doing five parts on tv...and will premiere it next week at The Toronto Film Festival (I am going 
for the weekend) and will bring it to the White House as well. Film Oscar bound. 
Will email about Perelman's later....kosher barbeque? 
xoxo Peg 
EFTA_R1_01509520 
EFTA02436885

