# EFTA00011426 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "Brown, Stephen" <
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Fwd: Maxwell appeal

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Cc: Subject: Fwd: Maxwell appeal Date: Wed, 14 Oct 2020 22:39:38 +0000 Stephen Brown at the News is asking if we can provide any guidance on his questions about hearing yesterday and the denial of access for the Office to a civil case file he believes was th case. His email is below. Jim James Margolin Chief Public I

### Match 2
> ieves was th case. His email is below. Jim James Margolin Chief Public Information Officer U.S. Attorney's Office, SDNY Begin forwarded message: IMP From: "Brown, Stephen" < Date: October 14 2020 at 5:18:37 PM EDT To Subjec : axwe I appea Hi Jim, I'm writing a story off of yesterday's Maxwell hearing before the 2nd Circuit. Sorry for late notice, this just came together. I'm told that the "Court 2" that denied SDNY access to the case file was Judge Koetl on th Can you offer any insight into what differentiates theMcase from the I'm told Maxwell was deposed in thMcase. And I note th

### Match 3
> I'm writing a story off of yesterday's Maxwell hearing before the 2nd Circuit. Sorry for late notice, this just came together. I'm told that the "Court 2" that denied SDNY access to the case file was Judge Koetl on th Can you offer any insight into what differentiates theMcase from the I'm told Maxwell was deposed in thMcase. And I note tha Is it fair to say that Koetl's ruling was a fortunate break for Maxwell, Thanks, Stephen Rex Brown Manhattan Federal Court reporter NY DAILY NEWS ase. case? are defendants. EFTA00011426 EFTA00011427

### Match 4
> ame together. I'm told that the "Court 2" that denied SDNY access to the case file was Judge Koetl on th Can you offer any insight into what differentiates theMcase from the I'm told Maxwell was deposed in thMcase. And I note tha Is it fair to say that Koetl's ruling was a fortunate break for Maxwell, Thanks, Stephen Rex Brown Manhattan Federal Court reporter NY DAILY NEWS ase. case? are defendants. EFTA00011426 EFTA00011427
