# EFTA02624074

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, September 9, 2018 7:38 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: sat On Sun, Sep 9, 2018 at 9:36 PM, Eva Dubin &I= mailto > wrote: Found it!! When will you be back? Please note, my email =ddress has changed to On Sep 9, 2018, at 8:15 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com» wrote: i forgot where is my brown che

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, September 9, 2018 7:38 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: sat On Sun, Sep 9, 2018 at 9:36 PM, Eva Dubin &I= mailto > wrote: Found it!! When will you be back? Please note, my email =ddress has changed to On Sep 9, 2018, at 8:15 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com» wrote: i forgot where is my brown cheese please note The information contained in this communicati

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, September 9, 2018 7:38 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
sat 
On Sun, Sep 9, 2018 at 9:36 PM, Eva Dubin &I= 
mailto
 > wrote: 
Found it!! 
When will you be back? 
Please note, my email =ddress has changed to 
On Sep 9, 2018, at 8:15 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com» wrote: 
i forgot where is my brown cheese 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01834024 
EFTA02624074

The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--0000000000004a22200575756226-- conversation-id 328822 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1536521904 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 852072 
2 
EFTA_R1_01834025 
EFTA02624075

