# EFTA02320002

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Feierstein, Kimberly|
|Sent|Monday, December 06, 2010 3:21 PM|
|Subject|Re: Christmas|

---

**[FULL]:** 2360703> - here are a few suggestions: - 2 pairs Butter Sweatpants (in size for her age) -Japanese tea set - Ballet flats - she wears size 3 -flat Adidas soccer shoes for indoor play 9menaing no cleats)-size 3 TBD Original Message From: [mailto Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 3:58 PM To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, Kimberly Subject: Christmas 4 EFTA_R1_01228955 EFTA02320005 Hi Eva, Just wondering if you could give some insight on Christmas present ideas for I'm looking for speakers for room and bathroom for her present. Any input would be greatly appreciated. Thank you! This e-mail mes

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Monday December 6, 2010 8:48 PM 
Fwd: Christmas 
See if they have these..adidas samb= kids indoor shoes. See link below 
Begin forwarded message: 
<=div> 
From: "Feierstein, Kimberly" <=a 
href="rnallt
il> 
Date: December 6, 2010 3:41:54 PM EST 
T=: 
<mailto 
Subject: RE: Christmas 
They definitely make them without cleats 
<http://www.modells.com/product/index.jsp?productld=3D22251&CAWELAID=102008737> 
http://www.modells.coqproduct/index.jsp?productld=22251&CAWELAID= 102008737 
chttp://www.modells.com/product=index.jsp?productld=22251&CAWELAID=102008737> <=0:p> 
From: 
[mailto 
Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 3:21 PM 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Re: Christmas 
Than you. I also have s=meone at adidas store right now looking at soccer shoes. They only make them with 
cleats. Should we just get her a pair of Adidas tennis shoes? 
On Dec 6, 2010, at 3:19 PM, "Feierstein, Kimberly" 
> wrote: 
The answer is kids large. 
EFTA_R1_01228952 
EFTA02320002

From: 
Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 2:28 PM 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Re: Christmas 
We are getting the Adidas soccer shoes and I'm looking at the Butter sweatpants=as well. can you please 
let me know what size is best for the sweats? they sell=for adults and children. I'm not sure how kid's sizing works? 
<image001.jpg> 
On Dec 6, 2010, at 2:16 PM, Feierstein, Kimberly wrote: 
What about for 
someone else. Thanks. 
? Any idea what he is getting for 
? I want to give away the other gift ideas to 
 
Original Message 
From: 
[mailto 
Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 1:36 PM 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Re: Christmas 
thank you..l'm looking for speakers for her from JE 
On Dec 6, 2010, at 1:34 PM, Feierstein, Kimberly wrote: 
Change of plans...One of 
grandparents are going to give her the sunglasses= 
 
Original Message 
From: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 9:15 AM 
2 
EFTA_R1_01228953 
EFTA02320003

To: =I/ 
Subject: RE: Christmas 
Actually.. 
said Jeffrey was getting her speakers? She wants to make sure she gets=the 
sunglasses so I can have one of her grandparents get them for her unless=he does need more gift ideas for her. Let me 
know. 
 
Original Message 
From: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 9:02 AM 
To: =1/ 
Subject: RE: Christmas 
Sunglasses (the Haviana ones) - <http://www.gooddens.com/pd-ray-ban-sunglasse=-rb4125-
cats-5000-mens.cfm> http://www.gooddens.com/pd-ray-ban-sung=asses-rb4125-cats-5000-mens.cfm 
<http://www.gooddens.com/pd-ray-ban-s=nglasses-rb4125-cats-S000-mens.cfm> 
She also said gifts cards to stores such as - Bloomingdales, Olive Bette, Victor=a Secret 
Original Message 
From: 
[mailto 
Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 4:32 PM 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Re: Christmas 
Thank you! I will forward this to 
as well. I had asked her to help me with ide=s and in buying 
Xmas presents, so it's a joint effort! 
3 
EFTA_R1_01228954 
EFTA02320004

On Dec 3, 2010, at 4:28 PM, "Feierstein, Kimberly" < 
Hi 
. I totally had this answer for you earlier, but I didn't have a chance to send yet. 
Also, Eva originally had me sending it to 
Do I need to send to her as well? 
- he would love to get 5-10 of the balls in the link below. They are f=r a machine. 
chttp://www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?produ=fld=3700676&cp=2367438.2367820.2356658.2 
360703> 
http://www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/inde=.jsp?productld=3700676&cp=2367438.2367820.2356658.2360703 
<http://w=w.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?productld=3700676&cp=236=438.2367820.2356658.2360703> 
- here are a few suggestions: 
- 2 pairs Butter Sweatpants (in size for her age) 
-Japanese tea set 
- Ballet flats - she wears size 3 
-flat Adidas soccer shoes for indoor play 9menaing no cleats)-size 3 
TBD 
Original Message 
From: 
[mailto 
Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 3:58 PM 
To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Christmas 
4 
EFTA_R1_01228955 
EFTA02320005

Hi Eva, 
Just wondering if you could give some insight on Christmas present ideas for 
I'm looking for speakers for 
room and bathroom for her present. Any input would be greatly 
appreciated. 
Thank you! 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain 
confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you a=e hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-ma=l and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-ma=l in 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail an= delete the message and any attachment(s) 
from your system. Thank you.</=:p> 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain 
confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you a=e hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-ma=l and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e•ma=I in 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail an= delete the message and any attachment(s) 
from your system. Thank you.</=:p> 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It ma= contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are here=y notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying 
of this e-mail and a=y attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately 
notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank 
you.</=:p> 
5 
EFTA_R1_01228956 
EFTA02320006

This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It=may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient y=u are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying 
of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received th=s e-mail in error, please immediately 
notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It m=y contain confidential information. 
If you are not the intended recipient y=u are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of th=s e-
mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received=this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the 
sender by replying to t=is e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Th=nk you. 
6 
EFTA_R1_01228957 
EFTA02320007

