# EFTA00016259 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** [EXTERNAL] URGENT: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM To: Cc: , Christian Everdell Subject: [EXTERNAL] URGENT: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Fri, 29 Oct 2021 15:50:59 +0000 Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2021-10-29_at_10.01.52_AM.png; Screen_Shot_2021-10- 29_at_10.01.38_AM.png Further my earlier email today, as of 10:30 a.m., USPO tracking lists the following 4 items of legal mail "Available for Pickup" and does not indi

### Match 2
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM To: Cc: , Christian Everdell Subject: [EXTERNAL] URGENT: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Fri, 29 Oct 2021 15:50:59 +0000 Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2021-10-29_at_10.01.52_AM.png; Screen_Shot_2021-10- 29_at_10.01.38_AM.png Further my earlier email today, as of 10:30 a.m., USPO tracking lists the following 4 items of legal mail "Available for Pickup" and does

### Match 3
> 00 Inline-Images: Screen_Shot_2021-10-29_at_10.01.52_AM.png; Screen_Shot_2021-10- 29_at_10.01.38_AM.png Further my earlier email today, as of 10:30 a.m., USPO tracking lists the following 4 items of legal mail "Available for Pickup" and does not indicate that MDC has retrieved or received them. Ms. Maxwell has not received legal mail in more than a week. Please confirm IMMEDIATELY the status of these items on your end. Failure to response today will result in the filing of an order to show cause requiring your presence in Court. BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 225 Broad

### Match 4
> Get updates Available for Pickup Text & Email Updates Proof of Delivery Tracking fasten, Product Information See Less ^ Tracking Number: EJ699436413US Scheduled Delivery by Status SATURDAY by gr,c&E. 6:00pm 0 Available for Pickup Get Updates v Available for Pickup Sae More v Isabel Maxwell, Paralegal, Leah Safflan, Inc. LAW OFFICES OF LEAH SAFFIAN; LEAH SAFFIAN BA JD LLM 11420 SANTA MONICA BLVD #25424 LOS ANGELES, CA 90025, US NOTICE: The information transmitted by this email is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed. This email may contain proprietary, b

### Match 5
> legally privileged material. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, be aware that any use, review, retransmission, distribution, reproduction or any action taken in reliance upon this message is strictly prohibited. If you received this in error, please contact the sender Isabel Maxwell at Te and delete the material from all computers. EFTA00016261
