# EFTA02421079

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com]|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|26 September 2010 14:51|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmaii.com] From: The Duke Sent Sun 9/26/2010 2:19:56 PM Subject RE: Great! Where do you want to go — private at BP or out in a private room or in a restaurant? Do you want company and if so have you got any in mind? A HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] Sent: 26 September 2010 14:51 To: The Duke Subject: see you tomorrow night for dinner „ ill be in in the mornng *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmaii.com] 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent 
Sun 9/26/2010 2:19:56 PM 
Subject RE: 
Great! 
Where do you want to go — private at BP or out in a private room or in a restaurant? 
Do you want company and if so have you got any in mind? 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Sent: 26 September 2010 14:51 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
see you tomorrow night for dinner „ ill be in in the mornng 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01487212 
EFTA02421079

