# EFTA00016343 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monday. J uric 22, 2020 11:41
- **Subject:** Maxwell's Credit Cards

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: "a" < IMIIM> To: (NY) (FBI)" ala> Cc: FBI Subject: RE: Maxwell's Credit Cards Date: Mon, 29 Jun 2020 16:12:11 +0000 Attachments: MAXWELL_CREDIT_CARD_SUMMARY_V1.pdf OalMINE > M, I spoke with a representative from Amex in connection with the attached, and they said all Amex account numbers start with 37, but the Amex number you sent starts with 34. Do we ha

### Match 2
> so that made me think we might have some returns from that account already. Though looking at the returns we received from Amex previously, I don't see it. Please let us know? Thanks very much. Ori final Messa e From: (NY) (FBI) alME> Sent: Monday. J uric 22, 2020 11:41 To: Cc: Subject: Maxwell's Credit Cards Per your request, attached is an analysis of Maxwell's credit cards included in the financial productions I received. The attached draft analysis is to be used for discussion purposes only and is subject to change. Best Forensic Accountant FBI New York Field Office 26 Federal

### Match 3
> already. Though looking at the returns we received from Amex previously, I don't see it. Please let us know? Thanks very much. Ori final Messa e From: (NY) (FBI) alME> Sent: Monday. J uric 22, 2020 11:41 To: Cc: Subject: Maxwell's Credit Cards Per your request, attached is an analysis of Maxwell's credit cards included in the financial productions I received. The attached draft analysis is to be used for discussion purposes only and is subject to change. Best Forensic Accountant FBI New York Field Office 26 Federal Plaza NYC, NY 10278 Office: EFTA00016343
