# EFTA02413555

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Pete Briger|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Tue Jun 01 20:20:14 2010|
|Subject|Re: Jeffrey|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinfleeyacation©gmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Wed 6/2/2010 1:09:42 PM Subject: FW: Jeffrey Fyi... Original Message From: Pete Briger (mailto: Sent: Wednesday, June 02, 2010 9:06 AM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: Re: Jeffrey Happy also to do earlier. I want to be clear to Jeffrey that I want to help if I can. Original

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinfleeyacation©gmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Wed 6/2/2010 1:09:42 PM Subject: FW: Jeffrey Fyi... Original Message From: Pete Briger (mailto: Sent: Wednesday, June 02, 2010 9:06 AM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: Re: Jeffrey Happy also to do earlier. I want to be clear to Jeffrey that I want to help if I can. Original Mess From: Dubin, Glenn To: Pete Briger Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:23:40 2010 Subject: Re: Jeffrey You're great...thx. G Original Mes From: Pete Briger To: Dubin, Gl

**[WORD]:** t: Wed 6/2/2010 1:09:42 PM Subject: FW: Jeffrey Fyi... Original Message From: Pete Briger (mailto: Sent: Wednesday, June 02, 2010 9:06 AM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: Re: Jeffrey Happy also to do earlier. I want to be clear to Jeffrey that I want to help if I can. Original Mess From: Dubin, Glenn To: Pete Briger Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:23:40 2010 Subject: Re: Jeffrey You're great...thx. G Original Mes From: Pete Briger To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:20:14 2010 Subject: Re: Jeffrey Yes Original Mess From: Dubin, Glenn To: Pete Briger Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:19:01 201

**[WORD]:** To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: Re: Jeffrey Happy also to do earlier. I want to be clear to Jeffrey that I want to help if I can. Original Mess From: Dubin, Glenn To: Pete Briger Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:23:40 2010 Subject: Re: Jeffrey You're great...thx. G Original Mes From: Pete Briger To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:20:14 2010 Subject: Re: Jeffrey Yes Original Mess From: Dubin, Glenn To: Pete Briger Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:19:01 2010 Subject: Re: Jeffrey Can you do a coffee w the 3 of us on the 17th (next time he's in ny)? Original Messa e From: Pete Briger To: Dubin,

**[WORD]:** hat I want to help if I can. Original Mess From: Dubin, Glenn To: Pete Briger Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:23:40 2010 Subject: Re: Jeffrey You're great...thx. G Original Mes From: Pete Briger To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:20:14 2010 Subject: Re: Jeffrey Yes Original Mess From: Dubin, Glenn To: Pete Briger Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:19:01 2010 Subject: Re: Jeffrey Can you do a coffee w the 3 of us on the 17th (next time he's in ny)? Original Messa e From: Pete Briger To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Tue Jun 01 19:52:47 2010 Subject: Re: Jeffrey I am crushed tomorrow. Start with a

**[WORD]:** : Dubin, Glenn Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:20:14 2010 Subject: Re: Jeffrey Yes Original Mess From: Dubin, Glenn To: Pete Briger Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:19:01 2010 Subject: Re: Jeffrey Can you do a coffee w the 3 of us on the 17th (next time he's in ny)? Original Messa e From: Pete Briger To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Tue Jun 01 19:52:47 2010 Subject: Re: Jeffrey I am crushed tomorrow. Start with a call in my office at 7:45 and end in Boston. Better next week or quick meeting tomorrow at my place. Or phone call any time. This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinfleeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: 
Wed 6/2/2010 1:09:42 PM 
Subject: 
FW: Jeffrey 
Fyi... 
 
Original Message 
From: Pete Briger (mailto: 
Sent: Wednesday, June 02, 2010 9:06 AM 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey 
Happy also to do earlier. I want to be clear to Jeffrey that I want to help if I 
can. 
 
 Original Mess 
From: Dubin, Glenn 
To: Pete Briger 
Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:23:40 2010 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey 
You're great...thx. G 
 
 Original Mes 
From: Pete Briger 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:20:14 2010 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey 
Yes 
 
 Original Mess 
From: Dubin, Glenn 
To: Pete Briger 
Sent: Tue Jun 01 20:19:01 2010 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey 
Can you do a coffee w the 3 of us on the 17th (next time he's in ny)? 
 
 Original Messa e  
From: Pete Briger 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: Tue Jun 01 19:52:47 2010 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey 
I am crushed tomorrow. Start with a call in my office at 7:45 and end in Boston. 
Better next week or quick meeting tomorrow at my place. Or phone call any time. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may 
contain confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you are 
hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail 
and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and delete 
the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01476116 
EFTA02413555

