# EFTA02424875

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: nanny

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Eva Dubin a|
|To||
|Sent|Sat May 08 11:37:02 2010|
|Subject|Robin Hood|

---

**[FULL]:** To: jeevaeationagmad.combeeyaeation@gmail.com] From: Peggy Siegal Sent Sat 5/8/2010 3:39:02 PM Subject: Re: Robin Hood Title: Re: Robin Hood Perfect. xoxo Peggy Again. I am very easy about this. — Original Message — From: Eva Dubin a To: Peggy Siegal; Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sat May 08 11:37:02 2010 Subject: RE: Robin flood Hi Peggy. I will find a good seat for you. Lets speak on Monday! Enjoy the weekend. Subject: Robin Hood Date: Sat. 8 May 201011:34:54 -0400 Fro To: Jeffrey told me to contact you

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevaeationagmad.combeeyaeation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Sat 5/8/2010 3:39:02 PM 
Subject: Re: Robin Hood 
Title: Re: Robin Hood 
Perfect. xoxo Peggy 
Again. I am very easy about this. 
— Original Message —
From: Eva Dubin a 
To: Peggy Siegal; Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sat May 08 11:37:02 2010 
Subject: RE: Robin flood 
Hi Peggy. 
I will find a good seat for you. 
Lets speak on Monday! 
Enjoy the weekend. 
Subject: Robin Hood 
Date: Sat. 8 May 201011:34:54 -0400 
Fro 
To: 
Jeffrey told me to contact you about Monday. 
If anyone drops dead, the dog dies or the nanny elopes....and you have an empty seat I will fill in. (Just spare me from 
amusing the walking dead.) No stress. I can always go to Liz Smith's Literacy Partners dinner. 
Thanks so much for any and all your effons. 
xoxo Peggy 
The New Busy is not the too busy. Combine all your e-mail accounts with Hotmail. Get busy. 
<litryxllwww.windowslive.comicampaignithenewbusOile=multiaccount&ocid=PID283.26::T:Wl.MTAGLON:WL:en-
US:WM IIMP:042010 4> 
EFTA_R1_01493019 
EFTA02424875

