# EFTA00037323 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> tance: Normal Thanks On Aug 17, 2019 9:52 AM For everyone's SA - (NY) (FBI)" wrote: On 7/26/2019, Mima Alsharif from CNN contacted NYO regarding reporting from the Miami Herald in which stated "she was sexually assaulted and her then-15-year old sister molested by Epstein and his companion, Ghislaine Maxwell, in 1996." Alsharif was asking for confirmation of iclaims that she had rar iifted her assault to the FBI in 1996. Alsharif noted recently released documents that reference a FBI interview of n 2006. NYO was aware that 'nd her younger sister were interviewed by the FBI as part of the MM inves

### Match 2
> st. A search of Sentinel met with negative results for any contact with -in 1996. We do have documentation of an interview with in November, 2006 as part of the MM Epstein investigation. advised that in the 1990s, she went to Epstein's ranch in New Mexico where she "cuddled" with Epstein, and Ghislaine Maxwell allegedly rubbed her breasts during a massage. On 8/16/2019, the NY Times reported advised that they would be publishing their story next week. I'm unsure what the NY Times intends to say, but wanted to ensure everyone was aware in case they suggest the FBI knew of Epstein's criminal activity a

### Match 3
> tance: Normal Thanks On Aug 17, 2019 9:52 AM For everyone's SA - (NY) (FBI)" wrote: On 7/26/2019, Mima Alsharif from CNN contacted NYO regarding reporting from the Miami Herald in which stated "she was sexually assaulted and her then-15-year old sister molested by Epstein and his companion, Ghislaine Maxwell, in 1996." Alsharif was asking for confirmation of iclaims that she had rar iifted her assault to the FBI in 1996. Alsharif noted recently released documents that reference a FBI interview of n 2006. NYO was aware that 'nd her younger sister were interviewed by the FBI as part of the

### Match 4
> st. A search of Sentinel met with negative results for any contact with -in 1996. We do have documentation of an interview with in November, 2006 as part of the MM Epstein investigation. advised that in the 1990s, she went to Epstein's ranch in New Mexico where she "cuddled" with Epstein, and Ghislaine Maxwell allegedly rubbed her breasts during a massage. On 8/16/2019, the NY Times reported advised that they would be publishing their story next week. I'm unsure what the NY Times intends to say, but wanted to ensure everyone was aware in case they suggest the FBI knew of Epstein's criminal ac
