# EFTA02576281

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, mit, media lab

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Boris Nikolic (mato|
|To|Boris Nikolic <|
|Sent|Tuesday, October 24, 2017 11:07 AM|
|Subject|Fw: intro Joi <> Greg|

---

**[FULL]:** reg Date= October 23, 2017 =t 2:41:12 PM PDT To: = > > 2 EFTA_R1_01748304 EFTA02576282 Cc: =/s an>Gre Martinez «= href= target=" =C2 Hi Joi, My good pal Greg Martine= is coming out to MIT Nov 6-10. Possible for you or some=ne from the Media Lab to show him some cool stuff? He works for Bill Gates = BGC3 (bill gates company #3) This is where Bill does =is investments, projects, and work that crosses his work for MSFT + the fo=ndation. Anyway, would be great f=r Media Lab to connect to some of the cool things with Bill.=/span> Greg is also awesome =A0O<=span> & thanksl<=u> L</=> =C2 =

**[FULL]:** 23, 2017 =t 2:41:12 PM PDT To: = > > 2 EFTA_R1_01748304 EFTA02576282 Cc: =/s an>Gre Martinez «= href= target=" =C2 Hi Joi, My good pal Greg Martine= is coming out to MIT Nov 6-10. Possible for you or some=ne from the Media Lab to show him some cool stuff? He works for Bill Gates = BGC3 (bill gates company #3) This is where Bill does =is investments, projects, and work that crosses his work for MSFT + the fo=ndation. Anyway, would be great f=r Media Lab to connect to some of the cool things with Bill.=/span> Greg is also awesome =A0O<=span> & thanksl<=u> L</=> =C2 =C2 please note Th

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 25, 2017 9:51 AM 
To: 
Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
Re: FW: intro Joi < > Greg 
when new york? 
On Tue, Oct 24, 2017 at 9:30 PM, Boris Nikolic =span dir="Itr"> 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Please send me always emails to biomatics email.<=u> 
I am not checking Hotmail as often as all of my emai= is going to biomatics. 
If you send it to Hotmail it can go for days without=me noticing 
Re Greg — he is relatively a new hire. I do =ot know him. Larry hired him from his friend's consulting company 
https://inten=ionalfutures.com/ <https://intentionalfutures.com/> . 
Larry has been getting them a lot of work through bg=3. 
That guy Greg worked before on some demo days for Bi=l. 
Although he does not have any executive (or funding)=power, he can present to Bill interesting projects at 
Media Lab and sugges= that Bill visits Media Lab some time in future. This is all value t=ere. 
B 
EFTA_R1_01748303 
EFTA02576281

From: Boris Nikolic (mato 
Sent: Tuesday, October 24, 2017 11:07 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic < 
Subject: Fw: intro Joi <> Greg 
=fp> 
<mailto 
From: Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.=om» 
Sent: Monday, October 23, 2017 8:20 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Fwd: intro Joi <> Greg 
<a 
=C2 
 
Forwarded message 
From: Joichi Ito < 
> > 
Date: Mon, Oct 23, 2017 at 5:46 PM 
Subject: Fwd: intro Joi <> Greg 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Do you =now him? 
Begin f=rwarded message: 
=C2 
From= Lili Cheng < 
Subj=ct: intro Joi <> Greg 
Date= October 23, 2017 =t 2:41:12 PM PDT 
To: = 
> > 
2 
EFTA_R1_01748304 
EFTA02576282

Cc: =/s an>Gre Martinez «= href= 
target=" 
=C2 
Hi Joi, 
My good pal Greg Martine= is coming out to MIT Nov 6-10. 
Possible for you or some=ne from the Media Lab to show him some cool stuff? 
He works for Bill Gates = BGC3 (bill gates company #3) 
This is where Bill does =is investments, projects, and work that crosses his work for MSFT + the 
fo=ndation. 
Anyway, would be great f=r Media Lab to connect to some of the cool things with Bill.=/span> 
Greg is also awesome =A0O<=span> 
& thanksl<=u> 
L</=> 
=C2 
=C2 
please note 
The inf=rmation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
3 
EFTA_R1_01748305 
EFTA02576283

the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--14030436107eecab99055c5bffld-- conversation-id 26025 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1508925089 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 762156 
4 
EFTA_R1_01748306 
EFTA02576284

