# EFTA00023118 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** I=MIIIMINIIII=IMIE
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** [EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: I=MIIIMINIIII=IMIE > To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM < a> Cc: Christian Everdell aa, MMI > Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 27 Oct 2021 12:21:33 +0000 Good morning Bobbi- I apologize for the delay in response, however, I will inquire with the appropriate staff regarding both of your concerns. Best, >>> BOBBI C STERNHEIM •t: a> 10/26/2021 9:14 PM >» Good evening- I am still awaiting a reply to

### Match 2
> From: I=MIIIMINIIII=IMIE > To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM < a> Cc: Christian Everdell aa, MMI > Subject: [EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 27 Oct 2021 12:21:33 +0000 Good morning Bobbi- I apologize for the delay in response, however, I will inquire with the appropriate staff regarding both of your concerns. Best, >>> BOBBI C STERNHEIM •t: a> 10/26/2021 9:14 PM >» Good evening- I am still awaiting a

### Match 3
> is information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. EFTA00023118 > On Oct 25, 2021, at 8:33 PM, BOBBI C STERNHEIM < a> wrote: > Good evening - > During my in-person visit yesterday with Ms. Maxwell, the HEPA filters were not operating in the visiting room that I have been required > to use, even when more than one attorney is present. The officers told me to use the larger, corner room. > Previous requests to use this more ample corner room have been denied because the officers' claim

### Match 4
> future in-person visits be conducted in the larger corner room. > The previous reason for denying that request appears invalid. > Also, legal mail sent to the MDC has not been picked up by the facility. See tracking information below. > Please promptly provide an explanation and inform me when Ms. Maxwell will receive these deliveries. > Thank you- > Bobbi > <Screen Shot 2021-10-25 at 7.10.13 PM.png> > <Screen Shot 2021-10-25 at 7.07.56 PM.png> > Please note my new office address and preferred email address: > BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. > Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim > Main: > Cell: > F

### Match 5
> 12:21:33 +0000 Good morning Bobbi- I apologize for the delay in response, however, I will inquire with the appropriate staff regarding both of your concerns. Best, >>> BOBBI C STERNHEIM •t: a> 10/26/2021 9:14 PM >» Good evening- I am still awaiting a reply to yesterday's email regarding Ms. Maxwell's legal mail. There are items that need to be picked up by the MDC. I have provided the tracking information. Please provide a response by 10:00 am tomorrow Wednesday. Thank you- Bobbi Please note my new office address and preferred email address: BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobb
