# EFTA00024543 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 24

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM
- **Subject:** RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 17:01:47 +0000 Thanks! Am I correct that this means Maxwell will be able to call both Chris and Mark today? (And please tell hi back!) On Jul 3, 2020, at 12:47 PM wrote: Done. S. says hi! From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 202012:42 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine

### Match 2
> ne Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 17:01:47 +0000 Thanks! Am I correct that this means Maxwell will be able to call both Chris and Mark today? (And please tell hi back!) On Jul 3, 2020, at 12:47 PM wrote: Done. S. says hi! From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 202012:42 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Terrific, thanks very much. Both attorneys are partners at Cohen & Gresser LLP. Chris Everdell's number i Mark Cohen's number is Thanks again, From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:39 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best

### Match 3
> i! From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 202012:42 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Terrific, thanks very much. Both attorneys are partners at Cohen & Gresser LLP. Chris Everdell's number i Mark Cohen's number is Thanks again, From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:39 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? Thanks. From Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody EFTA00024543 Appreciate it, thank you. From Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghis

### Match 4
> ell's number i Mark Cohen's number is Thanks again, From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:39 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? Thanks. From Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody EFTA00024543 Appreciate it, thank you. From Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will callaand advise - he can be a little touchy. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM, wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with about it

### Match 5
> well custody is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? Thanks. From Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody EFTA00024543 Appreciate it, thank you. From Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will callaand advise - he can be a little touchy. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM, wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with about it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reac

### Match 6
> 2020, at 11:13 AM, wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with about it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reach out to directly to discuss. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:05 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will try. Can I start with he may be in the best position to get it done? I Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 10:23 AM wrote: Thanks very much for passing this along. The permitted attorney contact on the list below only includes Vogelman without reference to her New York cou

### Match 7
> ople Maxwell can speak with on the phone, please? Ideally, we would like to get them added today so that they can speak with their client over the weekend to facilitate our discussions with them about next steps in the case. Thanks, From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI EFTA00024544 Sent from my tPhone Begin forwarded message: From Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORS@usms.doj.gov> Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Ma

### Match 8
> the case. Thanks, From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI EFTA00024544 Sent from my tPhone Begin forwarded message: From Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORS@usms.doj.gov> Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The following directi

### Match 9
> From: To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 17:01:47 +0000 Thanks! Am I correct that this means Maxwell will be able to call both Chris and Mark today? (And please tell hi back!) On Jul 3, 2020, at 12:47 PM wrote: Done. S. says hi! From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 202012:42 PM To: Subject: RE: Gh

### Match 10
> ne Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 17:01:47 +0000 Thanks! Am I correct that this means Maxwell will be able to call both Chris and Mark today? (And please tell hi back!) On Jul 3, 2020, at 12:47 PM wrote: Done. S. says hi! From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 202012:42 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Terrific, thanks very much. Both attorneys are partners at Cohen & Gresser LLP. Chris Everdell's number i Mark Cohen's number is Thanks again, From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:39 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody is on it. Can I please have name of law firm a
