# EFTA02316590

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Apple Store <your_order_US@orders.apple.=om>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Your order is being =rocessed|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: Friday, September 14, 2012 6:48 PM To: Eva Andersson Subject: Fwd: Your order is being processed FYI.. i've ordered= new =hone to be shipped to 301E 66th. for some reason that's the address on =he account and l"m unable to change that or choose a different shipping =ddress. I will keep an eye out and l"m sure will get an email stating =hen it sh

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Friday, September 14, 2012 6:48 PM 
To: 
Eva Andersson 
Subject: 
Fwd: Your order is being processed 
FYI.. i've ordered= new =hone to be shipped to 301E 66th. for some reason that's the address on =he account and 
l"m unable to change that or choose a different shipping =ddress. I will keep an eye out and l"m sure will get an email 
stating =hen it ships out 
Begin forwarded =essage: 
From: Apple Store <your_order_US@orders.apple.=om> 
Subject: Your order is being =rocessed 
Date: September 14, 2012 2:46:17 PM =DT 
To 
=div bgcolor="#f2f2f2" style="width: 1001px; font-family: Helvetica; =ont-size: medium; font-style: normal; font-
variant: normal; =ont-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; =rphans: 2; text-align: -webkit-auto; 
text-indent: Opx; text-transform: =one; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; =webkit-text-size-adjust: 
auto; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; margin: =px; padding: 0px; "> 
Thank you for your =rder 
Order Number: W432934815 
i Phone 5 64GB White & Silver (GSM), AT&T 
$399.00 
1 
$399.00 
Available to =hip: 2 weeks 
Delivers Within 5 days after shipping by Standard =hipping Part Number: =064511/A 
<=tr> 
Shipping Method: 
by Standard =hipping 
$35.41 
$434.41 
</=r> 
in CA and RI sales tax is collected on the unbundled price of =he =Phone. 
<http://email.images.apple.comicbx/om/us/bopisibtm.gif> 
EFTA_R1_01216318 
EFTA02316590

i Phone =nformation 
i Phone Activation 
To activate your iPhone, turn it on by pressing and holding the On/Off =utton for a few seconds. Then follow the 
onscreen instructions to set =t up. 
For =uestions about rate plans, please contact your carrier. For questions =bout your iPhone order or hardware, visit 
Apple Store Online Help. 
Additional Activation =nformation 
Upgrading to a new phone may cause you to =ose any voicemails that are on your current device and access to your 
=ontact information may be limited. Please make sure that you have =istened to all of your voicemails and back up your 
contact information =rior to using your new iPhone. 
Recycling? 
Frequently Asked =uestions 
When will I get my items? 
You will see a 'Delivers' estimate below each item, which reflects =hen your items are expected to arrive at your shipping 
address. Once we =ave processed and accepted your order and your item dispatches from our =arehouse, you will 
receive a Shipment Notification email with carrier =nd tracking information. 
If you ordered =ultiple items, you may receive separate shipments with no additional =hipping charges. 
How do I view or change my =rder? 
Visit online Order Status to view the most up-to-date =tatus and to make changes to your order. For more information 
about =hipping, changing your order, or returns, please visit online 
Shop the Apple =tore 
Shop Mac 
Mac Accessories 
Mac Software 
Gift Cards 
Shop i Pod 
i Pod =ccessories 
Gift Cards 
Shop iPhone 
i Phone =ccessories 
Gift Cards 
Shop i Pad 
i Pad Accessories 
Gift =ards 
<http://email.images.apple.com/cbx/om/us/bopis/btm.gif> 
Copyright © 2012 http://www.att.com/iphoneterms. 
If you purchased an iPhone for Verizon, you have =greed to the Verizon =ireless Customer Agreement and Service =erms 
and Conditions. 
If you disagree =ith these terms and conditions you can return the iPhone in accordance =ith the Apple Online =tore 
return policy. 
</=body> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01216319 
EFTA02316591

EFTA_R1_01216320 
EFTA02316592

