# EFTA02516538

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|'ee=acation@ mail.com <ivascript:_e(%78=7D,Icvmr,leevacation@gmail.com.);>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, December 28, 2014 7:30 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: No On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin are you coming back? wrote: Date: Sun, 28 De= 2014 13:55:37 -0400 Subject: Re: From: 'ee=acation@ mail.com <ivascript:_e(%78=7D,Icvmr,leevacation@gmail.com.);> To: Yes On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin < < MMMINIMMI MI);> >

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, December 28, 2014 7:30 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: No On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin are you coming back? wrote: Date: Sun, 28 De= 2014 13:55:37 -0400 Subject: Re: From: 'ee=acation@ mail.com <ivascript:_e(%78=7D,Icvmr,leevacation@gmail.com.);> To: Yes On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin < < MMMINIMMI MI);> > wrote: did you leave?? addr=ss? On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 1

**[FULL]:** 28, 2014 7:30 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: No On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin are you coming back? wrote: Date: Sun, 28 De= 2014 13:55:37 -0400 Subject: Re: From: 'ee=acation@ mail.com <ivascript:_e(%78=7D,Icvmr,leevacation@gmail.com.);> To: Yes On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin < < MMMINIMMI MI);> > wrote: did you leave?? addr=ss? On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Come by!! Sent from my iPhone On Dec 27, 2014, =t 9:06 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: <=div> staying now until 2 come vist<=r clear="all"> =C2 please note EFTA_R1

**[FULL]:** coming back? wrote: Date: Sun, 28 De= 2014 13:55:37 -0400 Subject: Re: From: 'ee=acation@ mail.com <ivascript:_e(%78=7D,Icvmr,leevacation@gmail.com.);> To: Yes On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin < < MMMINIMMI MI);> > wrote: did you leave?? addr=ss? On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Come by!! Sent from my iPhone On Dec 27, 2014, =t 9:06 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: <=div> staying now until 2 come vist<=r clear="all"> =C2 please note EFTA_R1_01651552 EFTA02516538 The information contained in t=is communication is confidential, may be atto

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, December 28, 2014 7:30 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
No 
On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin 
are you coming back? 
wrote: 
Date: Sun, 28 De= 2014 13:55:37 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: 'ee=acation@ mail.com <ivascript:_e(%78=7D,Icvmr,leevacation@gmail.com.);> 
To: 
Yes 
On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin < <
MMMINIMMI
MI);> 
> wrote: 
did you leave?? 
addr=ss? 
On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
Come by!! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 27, 2014, =t 9:06 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
<=div> 
staying now until 2 come vist<=r clear="all"> 
=C2 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01651552 
EFTA02516538

The information contained in t=is communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, ma= 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of =he addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure=or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohib=ted 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in =rror, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to =eevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies=thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<=div> 
please n=te 
The information contained in this communication is 
confident=al, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informatio=, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property=of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communicat=on or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If y=u have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediate=y by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
including all attach=ents. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constit=te inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addresse=. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying =f this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and =ay be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication an= all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights r=served 
2 
EFTA_R1_01651553 
EFTA02516539

=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addresse=. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disdosure or copying =f this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and =ay be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, andandestroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all atta=hments. copyright 
-all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01651554 
EFTA02516540

