# EFTA00015654 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 7

## Email Metadata
- **From:** '•
- **To:** Edward Friedland
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** RE: Maxwell Link

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: '• To: Edward Friedland Cc: Jose Matthew Rogers Subject: RE: Maxwell Link Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 18:04:41 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.jpg Joe, Ed, here's what we're ready to post, unless you have any correction: November 29, 2021 Victim Attendance at Trial in United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell In orders dated October 14 and November 24, 2021, the S.D.N.Y. Court outlined procedures for public access to the trial in this matter. (Trial began on November 29, 2021, with jury selection.) Specifically, consistent with the District's COVID-19 protocols, the Court will ensure public access (

### Match 2
> From: '• To: Edward Friedland Cc: Jose Matthew Rogers Subject: RE: Maxwell Link Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 18:04:41 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.jpg Joe, Ed, here's what we're ready to post, unless you have any correction: November 29, 2021 Victim Attendance at Trial in United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell In orders dated October 14 and November 24, 2021, the S.D.N.Y. Court outlined procedures for public access to the trial in this matter. (Trial began on November 29, 2021, with jury selection.) Specifically, consistent with the District's COVID-19 protocols, the Court will ensure public a

### Match 3
> in-person? Edward A. Friedland, Esq. District Court Executive United States District Court EFTA00015654 Southern District of New York From: Joseph Pecorino Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 11:57 AM To: Edward Friedland Subject: Maxwell Link https://www.justice.gov/usao-sdny/united-states-v-ghislaine-maxwell Joseph Pecorino Office of the District Executive United States District Court Southern District of New York Email: Office: PLEASE CONSIDER THE ENVIRONMENT BEFORE PRINTING THIS E-MAIL EFTA00015655

### Match 4
> From: '• To: Edward Friedland Cc: Jose Matthew Rogers Subject: RE: Maxwell Link Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 18:04:41 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.jpg Joe, Ed, here's what we're ready to post, unless you have any correction: November 29, 2021 Victim Attendance at Trial in United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell In orders dated October 14 and November 24, 2021, the S.D.N.Y. Co

### Match 5
> ed by the Court will be required to leave the courthouse. There are no exceptions. For more information, please see https://www.nysd. uscourts.gov/covid- 1 9-coronav irus. From: Edward Friedland Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 12:01 PM To: >; Cc: Joseph Pecorino Matthew Rogers Subject: FW: Maxwell Link This info on your web page is outdated and is causing the public to try and access the Maxwell matter by phone. Can you pull down the access number info and update with the latest order which says in-person? Edward A. Friedland, Esq. District Court Executive United States District Court

### Match 6
> ion, please see https://www.nysd. uscourts.gov/covid- 1 9-coronav irus. From: Edward Friedland Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 12:01 PM To: >; Cc: Joseph Pecorino Matthew Rogers Subject: FW: Maxwell Link This info on your web page is outdated and is causing the public to try and access the Maxwell matter by phone. Can you pull down the access number info and update with the latest order which says in-person? Edward A. Friedland, Esq. District Court Executive United States District Court EFTA00015654 Southern District of New York From: Joseph Pecorino Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 1

### Match 7
> access number info and update with the latest order which says in-person? Edward A. Friedland, Esq. District Court Executive United States District Court EFTA00015654 Southern District of New York From: Joseph Pecorino Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 11:57 AM To: Edward Friedland Subject: Maxwell Link https://www.justice.gov/usao-sdny/united-states-v-ghislaine-maxwell Joseph Pecorino Office of the District Executive United States District Court Southern District of New York Email: Office: PLEASE CONSIDER THE ENVIRONMENT BEFORE PRINTING THIS E-MAIL EFTA00015655
