# EFTA02303538

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** ount Sinai School of >»» medicine Cardiovascular Institute >>>» >»» 485 Madison Ave., >»» 17th floor >»» New York, NY 10022 >>>» >>>» >>>» rote: 2 EFTA_R1_01175160 EFTA02303539 >>>» >»» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos >>>» >>>» >>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:24 PM, Eva Dubin > wrote: >>>>» >>»» I will look into this when I am back in NY... >>»» I also cc Rony on this.... so we can brainstorm together... >>>>» >>»» Sent from my iPhone >>>>» >>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 9:47 PM, Karyna Shuliak C wrote: >>>>>» >>>»» Hi Eva, >>>>>» >>>»» Jeffrey wants to purchase

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Sent: 
Monday, July 6, 2015 11:24 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: Ambulance for JE 
Thank you Dr. Shimony! 
Just to let you know, I will be in flight from 2:30pm till 5:30pm, so anytim= before or after would be great. 
Karyna. 
> On Jul 6, 2015, at 7:11 PM, 
wrote: 
> • I'll call you tomorrow & set up 
>r 
> R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
> Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown Associate 
> Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of medicine 
> Cardiovascular Institute 
> 485 Madison Ave., 
> 17th floor 
> New York, NY 10022 
> dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
» On Jul 6, 2015, at 2:09 PM, Karyna Shuliak =
> wro=e: 
» Dear Dr. Shimony, 
» Is there a number where I could reach Mr. Steinberg to discuss the detail= please? 
» Thank you! 
» Karyna. 
>» On Jul 3, 2015, at 7:18 AM, 
wrote: 
>» 
>» Eva & Karyna 
>» 
>» When you are ready, a friend and colleague Morris Steinberg who's 
>» involved in the ambulance service and ran the NY M=nroe department 
EFTA_R1_01175159 
EFTA02303538

>» for 30+ years is willing and very capable to help set up th= two 
>» ambulances He's connections will get the best pricing as well 
>» 
>» Happy fourth of July 
>» 
>>>r 
>>> 
>>> 
>>> 
>» 
>» R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
>» Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown 
>» Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of 
>» medicine Cardiovascular Institute 
>>> 
>» 485 Madison Ave., 
>» 17th floor 
>» New York, NY 10022 
>» 
>» 
>>> 
>» 
>» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
>» 
»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:45 PM, Karyna Shuliak •t
> w=ote: 
>>» 
»» That would be a tremendous help! 
»» Thank you very much! 
>>» 
>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:43 PM, 
>>>» 
>»» Sure 
>>>» 
>>>» 
>»» Head EMS colleagues friends & ER guys can set us up 
>>>» 
>»» Let Eva & I know when ready 
>>>>> 
>>>>> 
>>>>> 
>»» R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
>»» Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown 
>»» Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of 
>»» medicine Cardiovascular Institute 
>>>» 
>»» 485 Madison Ave., 
>»» 17th floor 
>»» New York, NY 10022 
>>>» 
>>>» 
>>>» 
rote: 
2 
EFTA_R1_01175160 
EFTA02303539

>>>» 
>»» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
>>>» 
>>>» 
>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:24 PM, Eva Dubin 
> wrote: 
>>>>» 
>>»» I will look into this when I am back in NY... 
>>»» I also cc Rony on this.... so we can brainstorm together... 
>>>>» 
>>»» Sent from my iPhone 
>>>>» 
>>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 9:47 PM, Karyna Shuliak C 
wrote: 
>>>>>» 
>>>»» Hi Eva, 
>>>>>» 
>>>»» Jeffrey wants to purchase 2 fully equipped ambulance machines: 1 for=the island, and 1 for the ranch. May be 
you know somebody who could help us=with the process, especially regarding all the equipment? we would really 
a=preciate any help! 
>>>»» Please let me know. 
>>>>>» 
>>>»» Thank you so much! 
>>>»» And I hope you enjoy your vacation! 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "I/Apple/MTh PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
alict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>32079</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1436225042</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>7028</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01175161 
EFTA02303540

