# EFTA00031254 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> rt, it is hereby ORDERED that the following attomey(s) are authorized to bring the Personal Electronic Device(s) and/ or the General Purpose Computing Device(s) (collectively, 'Devices') listed below into the Courthouse for use in a proceeding or trial in the action captioned: United States vs. Ghislaine Maxwell, S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) ORDERED that for the device(s) checked below SDNY Courtroom WI-Fl access shall be provided. November 29.2021-January IS. 2022 The date(s) for which such authorization is provided is (am) Attomey(s) E-mail Device(a) Courtroom WIFI Granted HP laptop 318 X HP laptop 31

### Match 2
> rt, it is hereby ORDERED that the following attomey(s) are authorized to bring the Personal Electronic Device(s) and/ or the General Purpose Computing Device(s) (collectively, 'Devices') listed below into the Courthouse for use in a proceeding or trial in the action captioned: United States vs. Ghislaine Maxwell, S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) ORDERED that for the device(s) checked below SDNY Courtroom WI-Fl access shall be provided. November 29. 2021-January 15. 2022 The date(s) for which such authorization is provided is (are) Attomey(s) 1 E-mail Device(s) Courtroom WiFi Granted HP laptop 318 X HP lapt

### Match 3
> rt, it is hereby ORDERED that the following attomey(s) are authorized to bring the Personal Electronic Device(s) and/ or the General Purpose Computing Device(s) (collectively, 'Devices') listed below into the Courthouse for use in a proceeding or trial in the action captioned: United States vs. Ghislaine Maxwell, S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) ORDERED that for the device(s) checked below SDNY Courtroom WI-Fl access shall be provided. November 29.2021-January IS. 2022 The date(s) for which such authorization is provided is (am) Attomey(s) E-mail Device(a) Courtroom WIFI Granted HP laptop 318 X HP l

### Match 4
> rt, it is hereby ORDERED that the following attomey(s) are authorized to bring the Personal Electronic Device(s) and/ or the General Purpose Computing Device(s) (collectively, 'Devices') listed below into the Courthouse for use in a proceeding or trial in the action captioned: United States vs. Ghislaine Maxwell, S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) ORDERED that for the device(s) checked below SDNY Courtroom WI-Fl access shall be provided. November 29. 2021-January 15. 2022 The date(s) for which such authorization is provided is (are) Attomey(s) 1 E-mail Device(s) Courtroom WiFi Granted HP laptop 318 X
