# EFTA02405627

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2012 6:40 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 To Subject: Re: he

**[FULL]:** ubject: Re: That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 To Subject: Re: he will do it„ no need to pay =0A=DA=n Wed, Mar 21, 2012 at 6:51 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: =0A=Is there any chance I could hire Janusz to dri 2 hours and 40 minutes from Palm=Beach. :=0A=0A=- outside of Orlando, on Monday? It's =he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =constitute inside information, and is intend

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 21, 2012 6:40 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 
To 
Subject: Re: 
he will do it„ no need to pay 
=0A=DA=n Wed, Mar 21, 2012 at 6:51 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
=0A=Is there any chance I could hire Janusz to dri 
2 hours and 40 minutes from Palm=Beach. 
:=0A=0A=-
outside of Orlando, on Monday? It's 
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
creal>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1332355272</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>212714</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01446543 
EFTA02405627

