# EFTA02398991

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, September 30, 2014 5:12 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: I will! Sent from my iPhone On Sep 30, 2014, at 1:10 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: tell him melinda should get a tour of the breast center, his mother died of it On Tue,

**[FULL]:** er 30, 2014 5:12 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: I will! Sent from my iPhone On Sep 30, 2014, at 1:10 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: tell him melinda should get a tour of the breast center, his mother died of it On Tue, Sep 30, 2014 at 1:00 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: Having dinner with Bill.G tonight. Anything I should tell him??? Sent from my iPhone please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Tuesday, September 30, 2014 5:12 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
I will! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 30, 2014, at 1:10 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
tell him melinda should get a tour of the breast center, his mother died of it 
On Tue, Sep 30, 2014 at 1:00 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
Having dinner with Bill.G tonight. 
Anything I should tell him??? 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01433710 
EFTA02398991

