# EFTA02421868

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com]|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|06 October 2010 23:25|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** 49:30 AM Subject RE: Depart London Friday 8th Oct. Hanoi 9th to 12ih. Saigon 12th to 13th. Singapore 13th to 15th. KL 15ih to 17th• Hong Kong 17th to 21". (Shenzhen 19th). Arrive London am 22nd. New York or... Intend departing London on 29th Nov and returning to London on 7th Dec. HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] Sent: 06 October 2010 23:25 To: The Duke Subject: trip. dates„ hong kong new york?? *************************************** ******************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client p

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmailcom] 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent 
Thur 10/7/2010 6:49:30 AM 
Subject RE: 
Depart London Friday 8th Oct. 
Hanoi 9th to 12ih. 
Saigon 12th to 13th. 
Singapore 13th to 15th. 
KL 15ih to 17th• 
Hong Kong 17th to 21". (Shenzhen 19th). 
Arrive London am 22nd. 
New York or... Intend departing London on 29th Nov and returning to London on 7th
Dec. 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Sent: 06 October 2010 23:25 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
trip. dates„ hong kong new york?? 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA_R1_01488343 
EFTA02421868

communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcc‘acation@grnail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1488344 
EFTA02421869

