# EFTA02431656

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacation@gmailcom>|
|To|Lyndon Lea|
|Sent|Thu Jan 14 20:45:09 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacationegmaitcomijeeyacationellgmaiLcom] From: Lyndon Lea Sent Thur 1/14/2010 9:29:15 PM Subject: Re: Thanks From: Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacation@gmailcom> To: Lyndon Lea Sent: Thu Jan 14 20:45:09 2010 Subject: "Jean Luc Brunel" <2jcanluc@gmail.com>, michelc s number monday *t*t*t*t*t*t*t*****t*t*t*t*t*t***t***t*t***t*t*t*t*t*t*t*t* The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. I

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacationegmaitcomijeeyacationellgmaiLcom] 
From: 
Lyndon Lea 
Sent 
Thur 1/14/2010 9:29:15 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Thanks 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacation@gmailcom> 
To: Lyndon Lea 
Sent: Thu Jan 14 20:45:09 2010 
Subject: 
"Jean 
Luc Brunel" <2jcanluc@gmail.com>, michelc s number monday 
*t*t*t*t*t*t*t*****t*t*t*t*t*t***t***t*t***t*t*t*t*t*t*t*t* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential, subject to copyright, and are intended 
solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you are not the 
intended recipient you are advised that any use, review, dissemination, distribution or 
reproduction of the information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received 
this document in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy the message. 
No liability is accepted for any errors, omissions, interceptions, corrupted mail, lost 
communications or late delivery arising as a result of receiving this message via the Internet or for 
any virus that may be contained in it. 
Lion Capital LLP is a limited liability partnership which is authorised and regulated by the 
Financial Services Authority and registered in England under number OC30826 I . 
EFTA_R1_01502105 
EFTA02431656

