# EFTA02438694

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Andrew Nikou|
|To|jeanluc brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject|RE: <no subject>|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey EpsteinBeevacation©gmail.com] From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Mon 10/26/2009 10:32:16 AM Subject: FW: <no subject> Title: FW: <no subject> Forwarded Message From: Andrew Nikou Date: Sun, 25 Oct 2009 11:07:22 -0700 To: jeanluc brunel Subject: RE: <no subject> Hi Jean Luc, Amazing last night! I have to tell you how my night ended! Regarding your email. Lets talk next week. Would this assume that the new company does not take on the IRS liability? Andrew Andr

**[WORD]:** From: Andrew Nikou Date: Sun, 25 Oct 2009 11:07:22 -0700 To: jeanluc brunel Subject: RE: <no subject> Hi Jean Luc, Amazing last night! I have to tell you how my night ended! Regarding your email. Lets talk next week. Would this assume that the new company does not take on the IRS liability? Andrew Andrew Nikou Founder & Managing Partner OpenGate Capital, LLC 1999 Avenue of the Stars I Suite 1830 Los Angeles I CAI 90067 +1 I Office +1 I Fax +1 I US Mobile I French Mobile ist Save a tree. Please only print this e-mail if it is genuinely required. From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Fri

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey EpsteinBeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: 
Mon 10/26/2009 10:32:16 AM 
Subject: FW: <no subject> 
Title: FW: <no subject> 
 
Forwarded Message 
From: Andrew Nikou 
Date: Sun, 25 Oct 2009 11:07:22 -0700 
To: jeanluc brunel 
Subject: RE: <no subject> 
Hi Jean Luc, 
Amazing last night! I have to tell you how my night ended! 
Regarding your email. Lets talk next week. Would this assume that the new company does not take on 
the IRS liability? 
Andrew 
Andrew Nikou 
Founder & Managing Partner 
OpenGate Capital, LLC 
1999 Avenue of the Stars I Suite 1830 
Los Angeles I CAI 90067 
+1 
I Office 
+1 
I Fax 
+1 
I US Mobile 
I French Mobile 
ist 
Save a tree. Please only print this e-mail if it is genuinely required. 
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: Friday, October 23, 2009 3:06 PM 
To: Andrew Nikou 
Subject: <no subject> 
Hi Andrew, 
On an operating basis-yes, However, to recreatethe network,and current "assets",it would take 2-3 years 
and more money than that. The businesses usually are valued at one times revenue. Most recent sales 
have been a small multiple of that. I am aware of the potential, as are you. If you prefer, we can 
structure it as a convertible preferred. I look forward to hearing from you. 
Best 
Jean Ilk 
EFTA_R1_01512003 
EFTA02438694

End of Forwarded Message 
EFTA_R1_01512004 
EFTA02438695

