# EFTA02390279

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:=br>From: jeevacation@gmail.com|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin < > Sent: Sunday, December 28, 2014 4:58 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: did you leave?? Date: Sat, 27 Dec 2014 11:17:56 -0500 Subject: Re:=br>From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: address? On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Come by!! Sent from my iPhone On Dec 27=2C 20

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin < > Sent: Sunday, December 28, 2014 4:58 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: did you leave?? Date: Sat, 27 Dec 2014 11:17:56 -0500 Subject: Re:=br>From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: address? On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Come by!! Sent from my iPhone On Dec 27=2C 2014, at 9:06 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> wrote: </=iv> staying now until 2 come vist=br clear="all"> &nb=p; please note The information c=ntained in this communication is confidential, may be a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin < 
> 
Sent: 
Sunday, December 28, 2014 4:58 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
RE: 
did you leave?? 
Date: Sat, 27 Dec 2014 11:17:56 -0500 
Subject: Re:=br>From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
address? 
On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dubin <
> wrote: 
Come by!! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 27=2C 2014, at 9:06 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com>  wrote: 
</=iv> 
staying now until 2 come vist=br clear="all"> 
&nb=p; 
please note 
The information c=ntained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client=privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only=for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthori=ed use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part there=f is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this=br>communication in error, please notify us immediately 
by 
return e-m=il or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all =opies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reser=ed 
EFTA_R1_01415401 
EFTA02390279

=/div> 
=/div> 
=3B 
please note 
The information con=ained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client p=ivileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only f=r 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorize= use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof=is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received thiscommunication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mai= or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all co=ies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserve= 
=/div> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01415402 
EFTA02390280

