# EFTA02378730

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: chttps://west.exch023.readyexchange.net/owa/redir.aspx?C=crcQ3O=d6EiVFT-|

---

**[WORD]:** HELL Mitchell Holdings LLC 801 MADISON AVENUE New York NY 10065=br> USA 1212-486-4444 o&n=sp; 1212-320-0474 =/i>f chttps://west.exch023.readyexchange.net/owa/redir.aspx7C=crcQ3O=d6EiVFT- RKzc0KoQBtGa0vM8IZjQH5MNIGsZXyWWbSTx_89mgC7nNkCUNfc7msTrUXA0.&=RL=mailto%3adjm°440mitchellholdings .com> Andrew has some availability next Tuesd=y (September 30th) and Thursday (October 2nd) in the=afternoon at 4:00 pm. Please let me know if these times work for you if not I will look a bit further out in t=e calendar. EFTA_R1_01391284 EFTA02378730 From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Wednesday, September 24,

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
David Mitchel 
Sent: 
Wednesday, September 24, 2014 5:01 PM 
To: 
Giacomo, Jenna 
Cc: 
ijeevacation@gmail.corni; Doug Arnaudin 
Subject: 
Re: 
Yes,thank you 
Where is your office please 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mi=chell Holdings LLC 
80= MADISON AVENUE 
Ne= York NY 10065 
Subject: Re: chttps://west.exch023.readyexchange.net/owa/redir.aspx?C=crcQ3O=d6EiVFT-
RKzc0KoQBtGaDvM8IZjQH5MNIGsZXyWWbSTx_89mgC7nNkCUNfc7msTrUXA0.&=RL=mailto%3adjm%40mitchellholdings 
.com> 
Thursday would be amazing, 
DAVID MITCHELL 
Mitchell Holdings LLC 
801 MADISON AVENUE 
New York NY 10065=br> USA 
1212-486-4444 o&n=sp; 
1212-320-0474 =/i>f 
chttps://west.exch023.readyexchange.net/owa/redir.aspx7C=crcQ3O=d6EiVFT-
RKzc0KoQBtGa0vM8IZjQH5MNIGsZXyWWbSTx_89mgC7nNkCUNfc7msTrUXA0.&=RL=mailto%3adjm°440mitchellholdings 
.com> 
Andrew has some availability next Tuesd=y (September 30th) and Thursday (October 2nd) in the=afternoon at 4:00 pm. 
Please let me know if these times work for you if not I will look a bit further out in t=e calendar. 
EFTA_R1_01391284 
EFTA02378730

From: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Wednesday, September 24, 2014 10:00 AM 
To: 'djm@mitchellholdin=s.com <mailto:'djm@mitchellholdings.com> '; leevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:'jeevacation@gmail.com> ' 
Cc: Giacomo, Jenna 
Subject: Re: 
Absolutely. Jenna, pls organize a =ime for david and me. Thanks. 
From: David Mitchell [mailto:djm@mitchellholdings.com= 
Sent: Wednesday, September 24, 2014 09:58 AM 
To: jeffrey E. <jeevacat=on@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Cc: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: Re: 
Thank you so much=/p> 
Andrew is there a good t=me next week to meet 
Please let me know, 
David 
David Mitchell 
MITCHELL HOLDINGS LLC 
1 212-486-4444 
On Sep 24, 2014, at 8:40 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:j=evacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
david , you should go an= see andrew re crowd funding at self storage. he has man= in default. He is 
celebrating 
=nbsp; please note 
The information containe= in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
2 
EFTA_R1_01391285 
EFTA02378731

communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, i= confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or 
en=ity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, 
sub=ect to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exerpt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or under applicable la=). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, =opying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information=contained herein 
(including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. =f you have received this message in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the message (i=cluding any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in 
elec=ronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be consi=ered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC o= any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed agreement =o be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary,=privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from dis=losure (either 
by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the in=ended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reprodu=ing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including any r=liance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message =n error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the message (in=luding any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in 
electronic or hard copy format. Nothi=g contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement= 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC =r any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital=Group LLC or such affiliate. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01391286 
EFTA02378732

