# EFTA00018234 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> his first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/27/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION ORDER, denying motion for bail [39] filed by Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, by PNL, RJL, RJS, FILED. [3087715][86] [21-58, 21-770] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document Description: Motion Order FILED Original Filename: 21-58.p

### Match 2
> his first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/27/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION ORDER, denying motion for bail [39] filed by Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, by PNL, RJL, RJS, FILED. [3087715][86] [21-58, 21-770] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document Description: Motion Order FILED Original Filename:

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> To: Subject: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail" Date: Tue, 27 Apr 2021 17:57:04 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/27/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION ORDER, denying motion for bail [39] filed by Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, by PNL, RJL, RJS, FILED. [3087715][86] [21-58, 21-770] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Quality Cont
