# EFTA00022364 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 10

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Ghislaine Maxwell P.O. Box 308 Teaneck, NJ 07666-0308 November 23, 2016 Scott Stackman and Lyle Casriel UBS Private Wealth Management 1285 Avenue of the Americas, 38th Floor New York, NY 10019 RE: Transfers to Angara Trust Dear Scott and Lyle: Please use this letter as authorization to transfer $14,200,000

### Match 2
> mber 23, 2016 Scott Stackman and Lyle Casriel UBS Private Wealth Management 1285 Avenue of the Americas, 38th Floor New York, NY 10019 RE: Transfers to Angara Trust Dear Scott and Lyle: Please use this letter as authorization to transfer $14,200,000 (PSDYX and cash) from account EM, titled Ghislaine Maxwell to account titled Angara Trust. Also, please also complete the following transfers Transfer Entire Account Balance (Cash & Securities): FROM. titled Ghislaine Maxwell TO: tiled Angara Trust FROM: TO: titled Ghislaine Maxwell titled Angara Trust FROM: tilled Ghislaine Maxwell TO: titl

### Match 3
> ear Scott and Lyle: Please use this letter as authorization to transfer $14,200,000 (PSDYX and cash) from account EM, titled Ghislaine Maxwell to account titled Angara Trust. Also, please also complete the following transfers Transfer Entire Account Balance (Cash & Securities): FROM. titled Ghislaine Maxwell TO: tiled Angara Trust FROM: TO: titled Ghislaine Maxwell titled Angara Trust FROM: tilled Ghislaine Maxwell TO: titled Angara Trust Sincerely. Ghislainc Max 'ell EFTA00022364

### Match 4
> transfer $14,200,000 (PSDYX and cash) from account EM, titled Ghislaine Maxwell to account titled Angara Trust. Also, please also complete the following transfers Transfer Entire Account Balance (Cash & Securities): FROM. titled Ghislaine Maxwell TO: tiled Angara Trust FROM: TO: titled Ghislaine Maxwell titled Angara Trust FROM: tilled Ghislaine Maxwell TO: titled Angara Trust Sincerely. Ghislainc Max 'ell EFTA00022364

### Match 5
> M, titled Ghislaine Maxwell to account titled Angara Trust. Also, please also complete the following transfers Transfer Entire Account Balance (Cash & Securities): FROM. titled Ghislaine Maxwell TO: tiled Angara Trust FROM: TO: titled Ghislaine Maxwell titled Angara Trust FROM: tilled Ghislaine Maxwell TO: titled Angara Trust Sincerely. Ghislainc Max 'ell EFTA00022364

### Match 6
> Ghislaine Maxwell P.O. Box 308 Teaneck, NJ 07666-0308 November 23, 2016 Scott Stackman and Lyle Casriel UBS Private Wealth Management 1285 Avenue of the Americas, 38th Floor New York, NY 10019 RE: Transfers to Angara Trust Dear Scott and Lyle: Please use this letter as authorization to transfer $14

### Match 7
> mber 23, 2016 Scott Stackman and Lyle Casriel UBS Private Wealth Management 1285 Avenue of the Americas, 38th Floor New York, NY 10019 RE: Transfers to Angara Trust Dear Scott and Lyle: Please use this letter as authorization to transfer $14,200,000 (PSDYX and cash) from account EM, titled Ghislaine Maxwell to account titled Angara Trust. Also, please also complete the following transfers Transfer Entire Account Balance (Cash & Securities): FROM. titled Ghislaine Maxwell TO: tiled Angara Trust FROM: TO: titled Ghislaine Maxwell titled Angara Trust FROM: tilled Ghislaine Maxwell T
