# EFTA00016118 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 9

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> . Rivera. 3 EFTA00016120 Mr. Rivera's struggles with the MCC concerning receiving and now accessing his laptop, and access to counsel, along with his conditions of confinement and reference as "enemy #1," are even more troubling considering the accommodations that have been made to defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell, a white affluent woman who is detained at the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC"). As reported by the Government in their recent opposition to Ms. Maxwell's renewed bail application, her access to discovery and access to counsel is strikingly different and far superior to what is in place for

### Match 2
> n at the MDC, visitation is not currently available, but MDC legal counsel is arranging for the defendant to receive a VTC call with legal counsel three hours per day every weekday starting this Friday. Defense counsel will be able to schedule legal calls on weekends as needed." United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN), Gov't Opp at 29-30, ECF Docket Entry #100 (emphasis added). Further, Ms. Maxwell is released from her isolation cell for thirteen hours per day, has her own shower, has exclusive use of two different computers, has her own phone to use, and has her own television ... Addition

### Match 3
> . Rivera. 3 EFTA00016120 Mr. Rivera's struggles with the MCC concerning receiving and now accessing his laptop, and access to counsel, along with his conditions of confinement and reference as "enemy #1," are even more troubling considering the accommodations that have been made to defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell, a white affluent woman who is detained at the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC"). As reported by the Government in their recent opposition to Ms. Maxwell's renewed bail application, her access to discovery and access to counsel is strikingly different and far superior to what is in p

### Match 4
> n at the MDC, visitation is not currently available, but MDC legal counsel is arranging for the defendant to receive a VTC call with legal counsel three hours per day every weekday starting this Friday. Defense counsel will be able to schedule legal calls on weekends as needed." United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN), Gov't Opp at 29-30, ECF Docket Entry #100 (emphasis added). Further, Ms. Maxwell is released from her isolation cell for thirteen hours per day, has her own shower, has exclusive use of two different computers, has her own phone to use, and has her own television ...

### Match 5
> f confinement and reference as "enemy #1," are even more troubling considering the accommodations that have been made to defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell, a white affluent woman who is detained at the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC"). As reported by the Government in their recent opposition to Ms. Maxwell's renewed bail application, her access to discovery and access to counsel is strikingly different and far superior to what is in place for Mr. Rivera. As described by the Government, Ms. Maxwell "currently has thirteen hours per day, seven days per week to review electronic discovery ... during

### Match 6
> e Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC"). As reported by the Government in their recent opposition to Ms. Maxwell's renewed bail application, her access to discovery and access to counsel is strikingly different and far superior to what is in place for Mr. Rivera. As described by the Government, Ms. Maxwell "currently has thirteen hours per day, seven days per week to review electronic discovery ... during that time, [she] has access to email with defense counsel, calls with defense counsel, and when visiting is available depending on pandemic-related conditions, the defendant has access to legal v

### Match 7
> o receive a VTC call with legal counsel three hours per day every weekday starting this Friday. Defense counsel will be able to schedule legal calls on weekends as needed." United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN), Gov't Opp at 29-30, ECF Docket Entry #100 (emphasis added). Further, Ms. Maxwell is released from her isolation cell for thirteen hours per day, has her own shower, has exclusive use of two different computers, has her own phone to use, and has her own television ... Additionally, psychology and medical staff check on the defendant daily, MDC legal staff are highly attuned t

### Match 8
> initial complaints about the defendant's diet early in her incarceration, the MDC has ensured that the defendant receives three full meals per day and has access to commissary from which she can supplement her diet." Id., at 31-30. Mr. Rivera, and any other inmate, should be treated the same as Ms. Maxwell. He, and his counsel, should not be treated any differently because of difference in race, gender or class. But, that is exactly what is happening here. Ms. Maxwell can review discovery in her cell seven days per week. She also has access to counsel seven days per week, and 3 hours per weekday

### Match 9
> commissary from which she can supplement her diet." Id., at 31-30. Mr. Rivera, and any other inmate, should be treated the same as Ms. Maxwell. He, and his counsel, should not be treated any differently because of difference in race, gender or class. But, that is exactly what is happening here. Ms. Maxwell can review discovery in her cell seven days per week. She also has access to counsel seven days per week, and 3 hours per weekday of video calls with counsel. Mr. Rivera should be afforded the same, and without repercussion or retribution from staff. Thank you again and in advance for your assi
