# EFTA02498862

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, June 15, 2015 9:29 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: On Mon, Jun 15, 2015 at 5:19 PM, Eva Du=in < Sent from my i=hone On Jun 15, 2015, at 11:18 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com81=t; wrote: wrote: wrote: now=where areyou? On Mon, Jun 15, 2015 at 3:34 PM, Eva Dubi He is here for Pasteur meeting At your house Sent from my i

**[FULL]:** : now=where areyou? On Mon, Jun 15, 2015 at 3:34 PM, Eva Dubi He is here for Pasteur meeting At your house Sent from my iPhone On Jun 15, 2015, at 6:56 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmaiLcom <mailto:jeevaca=ion@gmail.com» <=r> invite him to dinn=r at the apt On Mon, Jun 15, 2015 at 12:52 PM, Eva Dubin- Look who we found =n the Louis Vuitton museum' I III Sent from my iPhone > wrote: EFTA_R1_01624629 EFTA02498862 =div> please not= The information contained in this communication is confidentia=, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information,=and is intended only for

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, June 15, 2015 9:29 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
On Mon, Jun 15, 2015 at 5:19 PM, Eva Du=in < 
Sent from my i=hone 
On Jun 15, 2015, at 11:18 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com81=t; wrote: 
wrote: 
wrote: 
now=where areyou? 
On Mon, Jun 15, 2015 at 3:34 PM, Eva Dubi 
He is here for Pasteur meeting 
At your house 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 15, 2015, at 6:56 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmaiLcom <mailto:jeevaca=ion@gmail.com» 
<=r> 
invite him to dinn=r at the apt 
On Mon, Jun 15, 2015 at 12:52 PM, Eva Dubin-
Look who we found =n the Louis Vuitton museum' I III 
Sent from my iPhone 
> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01624629 
EFTA02498862

=div> 
please not= 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidentia=, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information,=and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property o= 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communicatio= or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you=have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately=by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.co=> , and 
destroy this communi=ation and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all=rights reserved 
please n=te 
The information contained in this communication is 
confident=al, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informatio=, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property=of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communicat=on or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If y=u have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediate=y by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.=om> , and 
destroy this commu=ication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -a=l rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com4=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01624630 
EFTA02498863

