# EFTA02421106

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com>|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: g cationagmaii.comj From: Sent Mon 8/30/2010 2:36:58 AM Subject: Re: After a very serious study I hav e found out that my date of birth is Feb 31st. Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> Date: Sun, 29 Aug 2010 19:25:54 -0600 To: Jean Luc Brunel > Subject: where will you be for your birthday? The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, d

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
g
cationagmaii.comj 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 8/30/2010 2:36:58 AM 
Subject: Re: 
After a very serious study I hav e found out that my date of birth is Feb 31st. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 29 Aug 2010 19:25:54 -0600 
To: Jean Luc Brunel
> 
Subject: 
where will you be for your birthday? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1487248 
EFTA02421106

