# EFTA02494605

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: settlement, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Farkas, Andrew L. < Sent: Thursday, March 22, 2018 8:08 PM To: Florida Science Foundation Subject: AYH I believe that we will have the various issues that needed to be resolved w=th BPPR (with regards to allocation of insurance proceeds to repairs, vs. =eying to pay them until things return to normal) and

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. < 
Sent: 
Thursday, March 22, 2018 8:08 PM 
To: 
Florida Science Foundation 
Subject: 
AYH 
I believe that we will have the various issues that needed to be resolved w=th BPPR (with regards to allocation of 
insurance proceeds to repairs, vs. =eying to pay them until things return to normal) and settlement of the ins=rance 
claims. As soon as that is done I will have a full report sent to yo=r guys along with current financial statements. That 
should be done in th= next couple of weeks. After that you and I can have a fully informed dis=ussion about what to do 
with the asset. Xoxo 
Sent from my iPad 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary,=privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, =r otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or und=r applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby n=tified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, dissemi=ating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including=any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this me=sage in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the messa=e (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in=electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be =onsidered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any ag=eement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of whi=h 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Gro=p LLC or such affiliate. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>11786</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1521749309</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195717</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>806599</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01618241 
EFTA02494605

