# EFTA02419858

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Tue Aug 31 21:53:57 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmaitcomueevacation©gmaitcom] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Wed 9/1/2010 2:05:33 AM Subject: Re: When? From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tue Aug 31 21:53:57 2010 Subject: I have a hearing in front of Judge Ruth Pickoholtz in the state court to contest my registering as a sex offender. THe district at

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmaitcomueevacation©gmaitcom] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Wed 9/1/2010 2:05:33 AM Subject: Re: When? From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tue Aug 31 21:53:57 2010 Subject: I have a hearing in front of Judge Ruth Pickoholtz in the state court to contest my registering as a sex offender. THe district attny presents his side, I was just notified that I can attend with counsel.. I need the best person out of the DA's office

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcomueevacation©gmaitcom] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Wed 9/1/2010 2:05:33 AM 
Subject: Re: 
When? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Tue Aug 31 21:53:57 2010 
Subject: 
I have a hearing in front of Judge Ruth Pickoholtz in the state court to contest my registering as a 
sex offender. THe district attny presents his side, I was just notified that I can attend with 
counsel.. I need the best person out of the DA's office, or someone who the judge has dealt with 
before. ? Ideas? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1485592 
EFTA02419858

