# EFTA00023683 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 12

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:42 AM
- **Subject:** RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> To: From: ' (USANYS) [Contractor)" < To: J" IM (USANYS) [Contractor]" >' Cc: M" th thiYS Contractor]" , t (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Date: Thu, 24 Sep 2020 15:45:40 +0000 Not a problem. I will let you know when everything has been copied to the below location. Thank you. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:42 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] an (USANYS) < >

### Match 2
> Sep 2020 15:45:40 +0000 Not a problem. I will let you know when everything has been copied to the below location. Thank you. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:42 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] an (USANYS) < > Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload That's what I figured. Thanks! Now that they are all good to go would you please export both Deutsche Bank and JPMorgan productions to the shared here: \ Usa.doj.gov\cloucANYS StAndrews \ Shared \ USvEpstein- 2018R01618 \ Discovery \GM \ 04 Fourth Production \TO BE PRODUCED From: (USANYS

### Match 3
> ed here: \ Usa.doj.gov\cloucANYS StAndrews \ Shared \ USvEpstein- 2018R01618 \ Discovery \GM \ 04 Fourth Production \TO BE PRODUCED From: (USANYS) [Contractor] •c. > Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:39 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] I Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < < > Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload >; (USANYS)< > No way to put a confidential stamp on a excel file. There should be an image placeholder that says document produced in native format which has the confidential stamp. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:36 AM (USANYS) [Contractor] <a; Cc

### Match 4
> n a excel file. There should be an image placeholder that says document produced in native format which has the confidential stamp. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:36 AM (USANYS) [Contractor] <a; Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < >; (USANYS) Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Thanks =. These look great. One quick question, on documents in native format (excel files) is there a confidential stamp? I've checked and it seems the answer is no but I just want to be sure that I'm not missing anything. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020

### Match 5
> tamp? I've checked and it seems the answer is no but I just want to be sure that I'm not missing anything. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:20 AM EFTA00023683 To: Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS) < >*, t•. > Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The documents should now be available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. Thank you. From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 9:11 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload (USANYS) [Contractor) (USANYS) <

### Match 6
> SANYS) < >*, t•. > Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The documents should now be available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. Thank you. From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 9:11 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload (USANYS) [Contractor) (USANYS) < >; These documents are not supposed to be privileged reviewed. The only documents that need to be privilege reviewed are the electronic search warrant returns. Thanks, From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 9:05 AM To: (USAN

### Match 7
> to be privileged reviewed. The only documents that need to be privilege reviewed are the electronic search warrant returns. Thanks, From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 9:05 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < (USANYS) < Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The data is probably secured for privilege review. Please let me know if these documents are not supposed to be privileged reviewed. Thank you. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 5:39 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < (USANYS)

### Match 8
> secured for privilege review. Please let me know if these documents are not supposed to be privileged reviewed. Thank you. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 5:39 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < (USANYS) < >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hey—, When I click on each of those links I'm brought to a Relativity page with no data. Am I doing something wrong? Thanks, EFTA00023684 From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 11:32 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS) >; Sub

### Match 9
> en I click on each of those links I'm brought to a Relativity page with no data. Am I doing something wrong? Thanks, EFTA00023684 From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 11:32 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS) >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The production of the documents has been completed. The below are links to the production for you to review: Deutsche Bank - https://dlpe.nss.pae.com/Relativityjgo?id=1420850-2343058 JP Morgan - https://d1pe.nss.pae.com/Relativityho?id=1420850-2343059 Please review the documents and let

### Match 10
> 420850-2343059 Please review the documents and let me know if anything needs to be adjusted with the production. Thank you. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Friday, September 18, 2020 10:26 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <->; (USANYS) .; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload 1. Yes, we want to mark all of them confidential 2. We are working on that. 3. I suppose database load files? We want to retain the files as they are currently formatted as best we can. 4. That won't be an issue. I don't think we will be searching through them; the purpose is just to
