# EFTA02302825

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** off < > w=ote: >>>>>>» >>>>»» Karyna and ...can you please get back to me and Rich re the exce=s furniture? Eva is asking about it and I need to provide her an answer..t=anks! >>>>>>» >>>>>»» On Oct 24, 2014, at 9:32 AM, Richard Kahn < = wrote: >>>>>>>» >>>>>»» Jeffrey has informed me that Eva Dubin will be taking any >>>>>»» excess f=rniture at Please advise if we currently have any furniture we need to move o=t immediately or will this only occur when Artefacto order arrives.. >>>>>»» If we do currently have furniture can you please provide >>>>>»» photos Thank you >>>>>>>» >>>>>»» Ric

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Karyna Shuliak < 
Sent: 
Monday, October 27, 2014 5:50 PM 
To: 
Lesley Groff 
Cc: 
Rich Kahn; 
Subject: 
Re: Furniture at 301 
Ok, that is great! 
Sent from my iPhone 
> On Oct 27, 2014, at 1:48 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
> Gregory is going to Artefacto this Thurs. Oct. 30th! I booked him a 
> ticke= for in/out same day 
» On Oct 27, 2014, at 1:46 PM, Karyna Shuliak < 
> wr=te: 
» I am flying back to NY today and bringing the samples from Artefacto for G=egory, he needs to see them first before 
processing the order. 
» Sent from my iPhone 
>» On Oct 27, 2014, at 1:12 PM, Richard Kahn < 
> wrot=: 
>» yes placing order this week (hopefully today) we are projecting 3-4 
>» months 
>» 
>» Richard Kahn 
>» HBRK Associates Inc. 
>» 
>» tel 
>» fax 
>» cell 
>» 
>» 
>» 
»» On Oct 27, 2014, at 12:48 PM, Lesley Groff < 
»» wrote= 
>>» 
»» ok, that is perfect...thanks 
>>» 
>»» On Oct 27, 2014, at 12:47 PM, Karyna Shuliak < 
= wrote: 
>>>» 
>»» We don't know yet, the final order hasn't been confirmed yet. So I wou=d think months.. 
>>>» 
EFTA_R1_01173692 
EFTA02302825

>»» Sent from my iPhone 
>>>» 
>>»» On Oct 27, 2014, at 12:40 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> wro=e: 
>>>>» 
>>»» when do you expect Artefacto delivery? Is it months away? I just ne=d to tell Eva something... 
>>>>» 
>>>»» On Oct 27, 2014, at 12:33 PM, 
= wrote: 
>>>>>» 
>>>»» Most of it will happen when artefacto arrives. We may have 106 
>>>»» furni=ure available already but this is something I have to 
>>>»» confirm with Gregory.=20 
>>>>>» 
>>>»» Sent from my iPhone 
>>>>>» 
>>>>»» On Oct 27, 2014, at 12:21 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> w=ote: 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>»» Karyna and ...can you please get back to me and Rich re the exce=s furniture? Eva is asking about it and I 
need to provide her an answer..t=anks! 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>>»» On Oct 24, 2014, at 9:32 AM, Richard Kahn < 
= wrote: 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>»» Jeffrey has informed me that Eva Dubin will be taking any 
>>>>>»» excess f=rniture at
Please advise if we currently have any furniture we need to move o=t 
immediately or will this only occur when Artefacto order arrives.. 
>>>>>»» If we do currently have furniture can you please provide 
>>>>>»» photos Thank you 
>>>>>>>» 
>>>>>»» Richard Kahn 
>>>>>»» H BRK Associates Inc. 
>>>>>>>» 
tel 
>>>>>>>» 
fax 
cell 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>14938</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1414432217</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>5708</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01173693 
EFTA02302826

