# EFTA02214134

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel)|
|Sent|Monday, June 05, 2017 12:59 PM|
|Subject|Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin|

---

**[FULL]:** To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel)[ From: Sent: Mon 6/5/2017 8:34:19 PM Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin OK, thank you! On Jun 5, 2017, at 2:53 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz GrobcI) a wrote: Hi No update yet. Let me check in and hope to have an answer for you by later today. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor New York. NY 1

**[FULL]:** Let me check in and hope to have an answer for you by later today. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor New York. NY 1 174 From: Sent: Monday, June 05, 2017 12:59 PM To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin Hello Liz. Any luck with 4 tickets for Eva?? On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:51 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) wrote: Great. Thank you. I'll be back to you ASAP. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor New York. NY 10174 EFTA_R1_

**[FULL]:** Thank you. I'll be back to you ASAP. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor New York. NY 10174 EFTA_R1_00940150 EFTA02214134 From Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 4:51 PM To: George Lane Ant (Liz Grobel) Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin she would like an evening performance on only one of the days 1 have given you...so which ever date you still hold 4 very good house seats, we will take that evening performance...(this being said, July 2nd is out considering it is only a matinee) On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:48 PM, George Lane Asst (

**[FULL]:** y 2n° is only a matinee. Let me know if you have a preference. Thanks. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19" Floor New York, NY 10174 From: Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 111. To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. We would like 4 tickets for the best seats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think have the best seats for an evening show: June 20,21,23,25,29 July 1,2 EFTA_R1_00940151 EFTA02214135 Name should be for Eva Dubin

**[FULL]:** Eva Dubin Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. We would like 4 tickets for the best seats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think have the best seats for an evening show: June 20,21,23,25,29 July 1,2 EFTA_R1_00940151 EFTA02214135 Name should be for Eva Dubin at Will Call Credit CARD: Amex Jeffrey Epstein 9 East 7I st Strcct NY, NY 10021 #i on back of card is Let me know what works! thank you On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grebe!) wrote: Dear= Bail Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway. I am happy t

**[FULL]:** Amex Jeffrey Epstein 9 East 7I st Strcct NY, NY 10021 #i on back of card is Let me know what works! thank you On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grebe!) wrote: Dear= Bail Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway. I am happy to arrange house seats for Eva Dubin. House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance date. The full show schedule is viewable at this link: http://www.lct.orgishowsfoslo- broadwayischedule/ Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to submit your request. Date and Time of performance: # of t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel)[ 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 6/5/2017 8:34:19 PM 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
OK, thank you! 
On Jun 5, 2017, at 2:53 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz GrobcI) 
a
wrote: 
Hi 
No update yet. Let me check in and hope to have an answer for you by later today. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor 
New York. NY 1 174 
From: 
Sent: Monday, June 05, 2017 12:59 PM 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel)
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
Hello Liz. Any luck with 4 tickets for Eva?? 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:51 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
wrote: 
Great. Thank you. I'll be back to you ASAP. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor 
New York. NY 10174 
EFTA_R1_00940150 
EFTA02214134

From 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 4:51 PM 
To: George Lane Ant (Liz Grobel) 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
she would like an evening performance on only one of the days 1 have 
given you...so which ever date you still hold 4 very good house seats, 
we will take that evening performance...(this being said, July 2nd is 
out considering it is only a matinee) 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:48 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz 
Grobel) 
wrote: 
Hi 
On June 21", are you requesting the matinee or evening 
performance? 
Please note that July 1" there is a matinee and evening 
performance and July 2n° is only a matinee. Let me know if 
you have a preference. Thanks. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19" Floor 
New York, NY 10174 
From: 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 111. 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. 
We would like 4 tickets for the best seats possible (top 
price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think 
have the best seats for an evening show: 
June 20,21,23,25,29 
July 1,2 
EFTA_R1_00940151 
EFTA02214135

Name should be for Eva Dubin at Will Call 
Credit CARD: 
Amex 
Jeffrey Epstein 
9 East 7I st Strcct 
NY, NY 10021 
#i on back of card is 
Let me know what works! thank you 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, George Lane 
Asst (Liz Grebe!) 
wrote: 
Dear= 
Bail Sher kindly passed on your email regarding 
OSLO on Broadway. I am happy to arrange 
house seats for Eva Dubin. 
House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance date. The 
full show schedule is viewable at this 
link: http://www.lct.orgishowsfoslo-
broadwayischedule/ 
Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to submit 
your request. 
Date and Time of performance: 
# of tickets: 
Name at will-call: 
Name as it appears on credit card: 
Credit card #: 
Expiration date: 
Security code: 
Full Billing Address: 
Please note that there are no refunds or exchanges on house seats. Please 
let me know if you have any questions, thanks! 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
EFTA_R1_00940152 
EFTA02214136

Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor 
New York, NY 10174 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If 
the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient 
or the employee or agent responsible for delivering 
the message to the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any use dissemination, 
forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is 
strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is 
not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for 
delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any use dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying 
of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended 
recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use dissemination, forwarding, 
printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the 
employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any use dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly 
prohibited. 
EFTA_R1_00940153 
EFTA02214137

