# EFTA02511141

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|David Lopez|
|To|N=dia|
|Sent||
|Subject|FROM VANITY =AIR|

---

**[FULL]:** these days, but i've been waiting a few days to =rite you, hoping that you don't feel very invade because of this messa=e. I'm writing you to ask you for your kind help. I've been asked =o write a long feature for Vanity Fair about what is happening with the Ep=tein case but specially focused in prince Andrew of UK, and I'm writin= you to ask you for your help for it. EFTA_R1_01643160 EFTA02511141 I kno= other colleagues have been asking you for interviews, but I also would li=e to do it. I guess you probably don't want to do it, but I would like=to ask you in case you could be considering may

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Fric
.
i February
,
 20, 2015 7:27 PM 
Re: fyi 
he is spanish , what do you expect? 
On Fri, Feb 20, 2015 at =2:22 PM, 
arget=>  wrote: 
What? 
That was =wful writing for a reporter... 
Sent from my iPhone 
On=Feb 20, 2015, at 8:36 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com» wrote: 
Do it 
On Friday, =ebruary 20, 2015, 
wrote: 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: David Lopez 
Subject: FROM VANITY =AIR 
Date: February 20, =015 at 6:23:54 AM EST 
To: N=dia 
Dear 
Hello, how are you? I ho=e you are having a very nice end of the week. 
I'm David Lopez, and I'm a journalist from Madrid, Spain, contri=utor of the spanish edition of 
Vanity Fair. I know I'm not the first j=urnalist reaching you these days, but i've been waiting a few days to =rite you, 
hoping that you don't feel very invade because of this messa=e. I'm writing you to ask you for your kind help. I've been 
asked =o write a long feature for Vanity Fair about what is happening with the Ep=tein case but specially focused in 
prince Andrew of UK, and I'm writin= you to ask you for your help for it. 
EFTA_R1_01643160 
EFTA02511141

I kno= other colleagues have been asking you for interviews, but I also would li=e to do it. I guess 
you probably don't want to do it, but I would like=to ask you in case you could be considering maybe doing just one 
interview=to stop other interview requests. In case that could be your position, I w=uld be glad if you could consider 
doing it with Vanity Fair. But, of cours=, I would be glad to discuss and talk any doubt you could have, by email o= by 
phone, and of course with absolute discretion, even in case you final'= could reject the proposal. 
And if not, if =ou don't want to do it, something I of course absolutely respect, I wo=ld like to ask 
you for your help, asking you if you could help me off the =ecord, with the guarantee that nobody could know that have 
talked and not =ublishing your name in my story. I know and understand you don't know =e, so you can't trust of me. 
The only thing I can tell you is that l&#=9;m a very serious journalist and fair, and that I would ever do anything =o 
damage you. I've done a large number of stories, that you can find g=ogling my name and the story, with a large number 
of relevant people, from=the Dalai Lama, to infamous murderer Charles Manson, who granted me an int=rview four 
years ago. 
Of course, I would al=o be glad to send you as further details about me or my work as you could 
=eed, as well as any prove could make you trust on me if you could talk wit= me. I hope you could consider this request, 
but let me thank you in advan=e at least your time reading my message. 
warm reg=rds from Madrid 
David Lo ez 
=AO please note 
The information contained in this communication is<=r>confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, 
may 
constitute insid= information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is =he property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thiscommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be un=awful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify =s immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevac=tion@gmail.com> , and 
destro= this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. =opyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
2 
EFTA_R1_01643161 
EFTA02511142

The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<h>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01643162 
EFTA02511143

