# EFTA00025378 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "So-Ordered Scheduling Notification FILED"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ing this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/16/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Document(al Docket Text: SO-ORDERED SCHEDULING NOTIFICATION, setting Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell Brief due date as 10/22/2020. Joint Appendix due date as 10/22/2020, FILED.[2932112] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: T Gee, Laura Menninger, am • ue er, Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk Quality Contr

### Match 2
> ing this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/16/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Document(al Docket Text: SO-ORDERED SCHEDULING NOTIFICATION, setting Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell Brief due date as 10/22/2020. Joint Appendix due date as 10/22/2020, FILED.[2932112] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: T Gee, Laura Menninger, am • ue er, Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk Quali

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> To: Subject: 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "So-Ordered Scheduling Notification FILED" Date: Wed, 16 Sep 2020 16:03:34 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/16/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Document(al Docket Text: SO-ORDERED SCHEDULING NOTIFICATION, setting Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell Brief due date as 10/22/2020. Joint Appendix due date as 10/22/2020, FILED.[2932112] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: T Gee, Laura Menninger,
