# EFTA02491935

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: meeting, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** r - the gap when I was rejectin= jobs due to travelling to Island was too long. Besides my agency knows wh=re I was going from somewhere. I also had to remove last year from my resu=e ppl were asking uncomfortable questions on job interviews regarding VI=and i never got a job afterwards. Meeting Gates or Woody was great - thank=you - will never forget it - although nobody hire me just because I have a=nice pictures with them. I wish you well 2015-07-=0 1:38 GMT+02:00 jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevac=tion@gmail.com»: why ? I always wish =ou well , and have given you my best ad

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Thursday, July 30, 2015 11:04 AM 
Re: 
I guess orgainzing hours of singin lessons , toefl exam, h=lp; special doctors to get you more time so that you could 
enroll in=school, was forgotten. I understand ,you appear to no lo=ger remember that you were confident that you no 
longer wanted to mo=el. when i met you. I am very sorry you feel this way, but wan=ed to wish you a happy birthday, 
. no need t= respond to me anymore. 
my mistake. 
On Thu, Jul 30, 2015 a= 4:50 AM, 
wrote: 
...=on't get me wrong. I appreciate things good happened. Thank you. Unfor=unately my impression is that 
becoming a mistress was the only one job pro=osition you were really serious about. I refused so it meant all is over. 
=hanks for all your advices but those were mainly related to my personal li=e - birth control, choosing car ect - not 
professional career I was intere=ted in. My modelling is also completely over - the gap when I was rejectin= jobs due to 
travelling to Island was too long. Besides my agency knows wh=re I was going from somewhere. I also had to remove last 
year from my resu=e ppl were asking uncomfortable questions on job interviews regarding VI=and i never got a job 
afterwards. Meeting Gates or Woody was great - thank=you - will never forget it - although nobody hire me just because 
I have a=nice pictures with them. 
I wish you well 
2015-07-=0 1:38 GMT+02:00 jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevac=tion@gmail.com»: 
why ? I always wish =ou well , and have given you my best advice. . I thought I pro=ided you 
opportunities to see things meeet people do thingks=C240 learn things, . and grow . maybe i was=wrong 
On Wed, Jul 29, 2015 at 4:03 PM, 
c=
la 
> wrote: 
... its a bit hard to believe that, but thanks= 
On Jul 29, 2015 6:35 PM, "jeffrey E." =lt;jeevacation@=mail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i hope you are living well 
On Wed, Jul 29, 2015 at 8:33 AM 
wr=te: 
EFTA_R1_01614374 
EFTA02491935

I've stopped dr=aming... I'm def too old 4 U ;) 
x 
2015-07-29 14:13 GMT+02=00 jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.co=»: 
Does that mean I want to have sex with you??<=span> 
On Wednesday, July 29, 2015, 
wrote: 
z serca dziekuje, 
2015-07-29 14:11 GMT+=2:00 jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>: 
Hope it's a great b=rthday 
Q=A0 please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use =f the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclos=re or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication =n error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-m=il to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communicatio= and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all righ=s reserved 
=C240 please note 
The information contained in t=is communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, ma= 
2 
EFTA_R1_01614375 
EFTA02491936

constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of =he addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure=or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohib=ted 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in =rror, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.c=m, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
includ=ng all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
Th= information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be at=orney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is inte=ded only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
=nauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any par= thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have receiv=d this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retur= e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , 
and 
destroy this communication and a=l copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights rese=ved 
=C24) 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only =or 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthoriz=d use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
3 
EFTA_R1_01614376 
EFTA02491937

return e-mail o= by e-mail to j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies =hereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is 
confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If =ou have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and 
destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01614377 
EFTA02491938

