# EFTA00019851 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 16

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, September 24, 2020 2:34 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: r To: (USANYS) [Contractor]" Cc: 'as1SYS (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Date: Fri, 25 Sep 2020 15:17:43 +0000 Thanks for flagging. Let's produce in their original format to both for now. If Maxwell has trouble opening them at MDC, we'll deal with that after she tells us she can't open them. She has not identified every single excel and txt file from past pro

### Match 2
> From: r To: (USANYS) [Contractor]" Cc: 'as1SYS (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Date: Fri, 25 Sep 2020 15:17:43 +0000 Thanks for flagging. Let's produce in their original format to both for now. If Maxwell has trouble opening them at MDC, we'll deal with that after she tells us she can't open them. She has not identified every single excel and txt file from past productions as problematic, so she will hopefully be able to open these. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Friday, September 25, 2020 1

### Match 3
> e can't open them. She has not identified every single excel and txt file from past productions as problematic, so she will hopefully be able to open these. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Friday, September 25, 2020 10:47 AM To: Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] ; (USANYS) ; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload How are we handling producing to Maxwell vs. Counsel? With these files there are tons of text and excel files that need to be converted in order to be sent to MDC. Are we also producing the converted versions to defense or rather the original natives? From: (USANYS) [Contractor] a> Sen

### Match 4
> ingle excel and txt file from past productions as problematic, so she will hopefully be able to open these. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Friday, September 25, 2020 10:47 AM To: Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] ; (USANYS) ; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload How are we handling producing to Maxwell vs. Counsel? With these files there are tons of text and excel files that need to be converted in order to be sent to MDC. Are we also producing the converted versions to defense or rather the original natives? From: (USANYS) [Contractor] a> Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 2:34 PM To: (US

### Match 5
> rder to be sent to MDC. Are we also producing the converted versions to defense or rather the original natives? From: (USANYS) [Contractor] a> Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 2:34 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <a>; Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <a>; (USANYS) < >; <a) Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The zip files have been copied to the below location. Please let me know if there are any issues with the data in the zip files. Thank you. From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:42 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <a>; (USANYS) [Contractor] < Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <a>; (USAN

### Match 6
> copied to the below location. Please let me know if there are any issues with the data in the zip files. Thank you. From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:42 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <a>; (USANYS) [Contractor] < Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <a>; (USANYS) < >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload That's what I figured. Thanks! Now that they are all good to go would you please export both Deutsche Bank and JPMorgan productions to the shared here: Wisa.doLgov\cloud From: (USANYS) [Contractor] a Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:39 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] a; Cc: (USANY

### Match 7
> ood to go would you please export both Deutsche Bank and JPMorgan productions to the shared here: Wisa.doLgov\cloud From: (USANYS) [Contractor] a Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:39 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] a; Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <a>; (USANYS) >; ca' Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload No way to put a confidential stamp on a excel file. There should be an image placeholder that says document produced in native format which has the confidential stamp. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:36 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <1 ::.; EFTA0001

### Match 8
> e should be an image placeholder that says document produced in native format which has the confidential stamp. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:36 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <1 ::.; EFTA00019851 4 Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < ca' Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Thanks =I. These look great. One quick question, on documents in native format (excel files) is there a confidential stamp? I've checked and it seems the answer is no but I just want to be sure that I'm not missing anything. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] <1 :, Sent: Thursday, September 24,

### Match 9
> tamp? I've checked and it seems the answer is no but I just want to be sure that I'm not missing anything. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] <1 :, Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:20 AM To: ) >• (USANYS) [Contractor] .ca Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] >; (USANYS) (USANYS) Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The documents should now be available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. Thank you. From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 9:11 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < >; (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < =>; (USANYS) c > Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxw

### Match 10
> well Upload The documents should now be available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. Thank you. From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 9:11 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < >; (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < =>; (USANYS) c > Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload These documents are not supposed to be privileged reviewed. The only documents that need to be privilege reviewed are the electronic search warrant returns. Thanks, From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 9:05 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contra
