# EFTA02438200

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|'eevacation|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffreyfleevacation©gmail.com] From: Eva Dubin Sent Wed 10/14/2009 2:00:24 PM Subject: RE: Don't know Eli Jacobs. Who is he? Date: Tue, 13 Oct 2009 15:34:44 -0400 Subject: Re: From: 'eevacation ail.com To: do you know eli jacobs? On Tue, Oct 13, 2009 at 3:33 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: Byron Hero wants me to give him your phone number. Is

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffreyfleevacation©gmail.com] From: Eva Dubin Sent Wed 10/14/2009 2:00:24 PM Subject: RE: Don't know Eli Jacobs. Who is he? Date: Tue, 13 Oct 2009 15:34:44 -0400 Subject: Re: From: 'eevacation ail.com To: do you know eli jacobs? On Tue, Oct 13, 2009 at 3:33 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: Byron Hero wants me to give him your phone number. Is that ok and if so what number should I give him? Hotmail: Powerful Free email with security by Microsoft. Get it now. *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is co

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffreyfleevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent 
Wed 10/14/2009 2:00:24 PM 
Subject: RE: 
Don't know Eli Jacobs. Who is he? 
Date: Tue, 13 Oct 2009 15:34:44 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: 'eevacation 
ail.com 
To: 
do you know eli jacobs? 
On Tue, Oct 13, 2009 at 3:33 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
Byron Hero wants me to give him your phone number. Is that ok and if so what number should 
I give him? 
Hotmail: Powerful Free email with security by Microsoft. Get it now. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
Hotmail: Powerful Free email with security by Microsoft. Get it now. 
EFTA_R1_01511282 
EFTA02438200

