# EFTA02298997

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** it once you drop =he script off. Eva will write the script tomorrow morning when she is =ome and then I will let you know when it is with their doorman (at 1040 =ifth) and you can pick it up. » Kim Original Message » From: Sarah K (mailto » Sent: Wednesday, January 04, 2012 10:02 AM » To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, Kimberly » Subject: » Good morning Eva, » Just a reminder if you could please call in a prescription for me for =rovigil. (What JE mentioned to you yesterday) Thank you! » Tower Chemist would work: EFTA_R1_01163692 EFTA02298997 » This e-mail message is intended only for the nam

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Thursday, January 5, 2012 4:47 PM 
To: 
Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: 
Re: 
perfect. thanks 
On Jan 5, 2012, at 11:45 AM, Feierstein, Kimberly wrote: 
> Eva just wrote it. She is leaving with the doorman at 1040 fifth for =ou now. 
> 
Original Message 
> From: 
> Sent: Wednesday, January 04, 2012 3:08 PM 
> To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
> Subject: Re: RE: 
> Awesome! Thanks. Sorry about not calling back yet. I've changed my =ast name to 
but my insurance card 
still has 
on it. =aiting for my new card to arrive. 
> On Jan 4, 2012, at 2:31 PM, "Feierstein, Kimberly" 
> wrote: 
» Hi there, 
» Eva called the pharmacy. The script is a controlled substance so Eva =an't call it in. She will have to write a script. 
She checked and =hey don't have it in stocl so they will have to order it once you drop =he script off. Eva will write the 
script tomorrow morning when she is =ome and then I will let you know when it is with their doorman (at 1040 =ifth) 
and you can pick it up. 
» Kim 
 
Original Message 
» From: Sarah K (mailto 
» Sent: Wednesday, January 04, 2012 10:02 AM 
» To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, Kimberly 
» Subject: 
» Good morning Eva, 
» Just a reminder if you could please call in a prescription for me for =rovigil. (What JE mentioned to you yesterday) 
Thank you! 
» Tower Chemist would work: 
EFTA_R1_01163692 
EFTA02298997

» This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) =bove. It may contain confidential information. If you 
are not the =ntended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, =istribution or copying of this e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly =rohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please =mmediately notify the sender 
by replying to this e-mail and delete the =essage and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
>> 
> This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. =t may contain confidential information. If you 
are not the intended =ecipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution =r copying of this e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. =f you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the =ender 
by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any =ttachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-sent</key> 
<real>1325782006</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>8050</string> 
<key>subject</key> 
<string>Re: </string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
/Sent%20Messages</string> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01163693 
EFTA02298998

