# EFTA00032518 -- BILL & HILLARY CLINTON

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, ORG
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** The Washington Post  <email@washingtonpost.com>
- **To:** <I
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** The Daily 202: Ifs personal for the lead sponsors of the Iran war powers resolutions

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> me level of comfort," Kaine told Jenna Portnoy. Kaine vocally pushed to get Congress to authorize the use of military force in the Middle East even when his good friend Barack Obama was president. (Read my piece about it from 2015 here). In fact, Kaine refused to modulate his position even when Hillary Clinton chose him as her running mate. His longtime emphasis on this issue undermines the GOP argument that his resolution is politically motivated. Keep an eye on Young, who happens to be chairman of the National Republican Senatorial Committee. I wrote a Big Idea in May about how Young's military serv

### Match 2
> evening, said he had not heard about the decision until it was first reported by The Washington Post. A few minutes later, he and his lawyer, Phil Stackhouse, said they received notification from the Army in an emailed letter that had just arrived." -- The Justice Department is winding down the Hillary Clinton-related inquiry once championed by Trump. It found nothing of consequence. Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky report: "John Huber, the U.S. attorney in Utah, was tapped in November 2017 by then-Attorney General Jeff Sessions to look into concerns raised by Trump and his allies in Congress that t

### Match 3
> nsequence. Devlin Barrett and Matt Zapotosky report: "John Huber, the U.S. attorney in Utah, was tapped in November 2017 by then-Attorney General Jeff Sessions to look into concerns raised by Trump and his allies in Congress that the FBI had not fully pursued cases of possible corruption at the Clinton Foundation and during Clinton's time as secretary of state, when the U.S. government decided not to block the sale of a company called Uranium One. As a part of his review, Huber examined documents and conferred with federal law enforcement officials in Little Rock who were handling a meandering probe int

### Match 4
> uring Clinton's time as secretary of state, when the U.S. government decided not to block the sale of a company called Uranium One. As a part of his review, Huber examined documents and conferred with federal law enforcement officials in Little Rock who were handling a meandering probe into the Clinton Foundation. ... Current and former officials said that Huber has largely finished and found nothing worth pursuing — though the assignment has not formally ended and no official notice has been sent to the Justice Department or to lawmakers." EFTA00032534 -- Internal Boeing documents show employees discus
