# EFTA02214937

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Telecharge.com Customer Service" O.|
|To|<I|
|Sent||
|Subject|Your order has been confirmed|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Eva Andersson Cc: Bella Klein[ From: Sent: Fri 6/2/2017 2:24:53 PM Subject: Fwd: Your order has been confirmed HI Allison. Here is the order confirmation. Tickets arc to be emailed separately and ma , not arrive until closer to the date of show Aug. 23rd. Save this email (I will too) ..thanks, Begin for

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Eva Andersson 
Cc: 
Bella Klein[ 
From: 
Sent: 
Fri 6/2/2017 2:24:53 PM 
Subject: Fwd: Your order has been confirmed 
HI Allison. Here is the order confirmation. Tickets arc to be emailed separately and ma , not 
arrive until closer to the date of show Aug. 23rd. Save this email (I will too) ..thanks, 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Telecharge.com Customer Service" O. 
Subject: Your order has been confirmed 
Date: June 2, 2017 at 10:18:36 AM EDT 
To: <I 
N.
/ 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Your Order is Confirmed: Order Number 79580683 
Thank you for ordering from Telecharge.com! This email contains important information about your 
order. Please read the entire message and save it for your reference. We would also like to remind 
you that all sales are final. There are no refunds or exchanges. You can also view your order details 
on the website. 
Special Notice: 
Your order is subject to final approval by your credit card company. If the email address and/or the 
telephone number on the order is invalid, or if your total purchases have exceeded the ticket limit for 
this event, we reserve the right to cancel your order without notification. 
The use of any recording device in the venue is strictly prohibited and is punishable by civil and 
criminal penalties. Violators may be removed from the venue and prosecuted to the full extent of the 
law. 
Order Details: 
Dear Evan Hansen 
Music Box Theatre 
239 West 45th Street 
New York, NY 10036 View on mao 
Wednesday, August 23, 2017 at 
8:00 PM 
2 Ticket(s). RIGHT ORCHESTRA 
Row 8, Seat 8, Seat 8 is 4 seats off 
EFTA_R1_00942504 
EFTA02214937

aisle, RIGHT ORCHESTRA Row B, 
Seat 6, Seat 6 is 3 seats off aisle 
Total Cost: $623.00 
View on seating chart 
Your Billing Information: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
9 East 71st Street, 
New York NY 10021 
United States 
(212) 750-9895 
(917) 749-2025 
(212) 750-9895 
American Express xxxxxxxxxxx40i)9 
Your Delivery Information: 
Important Information on E-Ticketing 
You must PRINT your tickets before arriving at the venue. Images on smartphones cannot be used. 
Only the first scan of the ticket's unique barcode will be permitted to enter the venue, so do not 
photocopy or print multiple copies of the tickets. Please make sure your email program is set to allow 
you to view PDF attachments. To view and print the tickets, you will need Adobe Acrobat 4.0 or higher 
(so you can view PDF files) and an inkjet or laser printer (color or black & white) with at least a 300 
dpi resolution. Click here to download Adobe Acrobat. Please print the tickets at their full size; each 
should fill an 8.5 X 11 inch (or A4) sheet of paper. 
Check This Out! 
Save with Prepaid Parking 
BwayZone 
Visit BwavZone.com  - the only place where you can get 
connected with ALL Broadway shows and stars through 
their social media! Follow ©BwayZone on Facebook, 
Twitter, and Instagram. More 
Icon Parking 
Driving to NYC to see a show? Telecharge 
and Icon Parking can save you time and 
money. Find a convenient parking location 
near the theatre and print out valuable, 
money-saving coupons. More 
EFTA_R1_00942505 
EFTA02214938

