# EFTA00023437 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 18

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, September 29, 2021 10:48 AM
- **Subject:** RE: FAA Question

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> e sent via regular mail from the FAA in Oklahoma. EFTA00023443 In the next few hours you will receive an email with links to working copies of these aircraft registration files. No other aircraft registered to or indexed to Hyperion Inc/LLC, Plan D LLC, Ossa Properties Inc. or Jeffrey Epstein Ghislaine Maxwell Thomas World Air LLC Freedom Air Petroleum LLC NES LLC Maple, Inc. Nautilus Inc. No FAA certificates issued to Darren INDYKE. I hope this helps, Special Agent Federal Aviation Administration Law Enforcement Assistance Program Atlanta, GA From: Sent: Wednesday, August 18, 2021 1:08 PM

### Match 2
> stration Law Enforcement Assistance Program Atlanta, GA From: Sent: Wednesday, August 18, 2021 12:41 PM To: Cc: I < )'; ) < Subject: RE: FAA Question Hi =, Thanks again for the helpful call this morning. Here is the list of entities we'd like you to use as search terms: Jeffrey Epstein Ghislaine Maxwell Air Ghislaine Thomas World Air LLC Hyperion Air LLC Freedom Air Petroleum LLC NES LLC Maple, Inc. Nautilus Inc. Thanks, From: Sent: Tuesday, August 17, 2021 3:56 PM To: Cc: < Subject: Re: FM Question Anytime after 0930 is preferable. >; Special Agent EFTA00023445 Federal Aviation

### Match 3
> ta, GA The aircraft is still registered to JEGE LLC, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands. I suspect HUFF bought JEGE LLC which included the aircraft. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx On December 30, 2008, Sikosrksy Aircraft helicopter, S-76C-2, serial number 760750, tail number N750A was sold to; Air Ghislaine Inc Wilmington, Delaware 19803 The registrant was Larry VISOSKI, he signed as Director of Aviation On February 11, 2010, Air Ghislaine Inc changed their name to Shmitka Air Inc. In March 2010, Air Ghislaine Inc changed the tail number from N750A to N722JE. On the 8050-64 the signature is not l

### Match 4
> aircraft. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx On December 30, 2008, Sikosrksy Aircraft helicopter, S-76C-2, serial number 760750, tail number N750A was sold to; Air Ghislaine Inc Wilmington, Delaware 19803 The registrant was Larry VISOSKI, he signed as Director of Aviation On February 11, 2010, Air Ghislaine Inc changed their name to Shmitka Air Inc. In March 2010, Air Ghislaine Inc changed the tail number from N750A to N722JE. On the 8050-64 the signature is not legibile but it looks similar to the signature of Lawrence VISOSKI. He signed as Director of Operations for Shmitka Air Inc., f/k/a Air Gh

### Match 5
> Aircraft helicopter, S-76C-2, serial number 760750, tail number N750A was sold to; Air Ghislaine Inc Wilmington, Delaware 19803 The registrant was Larry VISOSKI, he signed as Director of Aviation On February 11, 2010, Air Ghislaine Inc changed their name to Shmitka Air Inc. In March 2010, Air Ghislaine Inc changed the tail number from N750A to N722JE. On the 8050-64 the signature is not legibile but it looks similar to the signature of Lawrence VISOSKI. He signed as Director of Operations for Shmitka Air Inc., f/k/a Air Ghislaine Inc. EFTA00023441 On August 25, 2010, N722JE was registered to

### Match 6
> ne Inc changed their name to Shmitka Air Inc. In March 2010, Air Ghislaine Inc changed the tail number from N750A to N722JE. On the 8050-64 the signature is not legibile but it looks similar to the signature of Lawrence VISOSKI. He signed as Director of Operations for Shmitka Air Inc., f/k/a Air Ghislaine Inc. EFTA00023441 On August 25, 2010, N722JE was registered to Freedom Air International Inc., Wilmington, Delaware 19803 The registrant was Darren K. INDYKE, he signed as Vice President According to a bill of sale dated July 26, 2011, Freedom Air International (Darren K. INDYKE) sold N722JE

### Match 7
> gin Islands The registrant was Lawrence P. VISOSKI Jr., he signed as Manager Per a bill of sale dated May 13, 2021, Hyperion Air LLC (Larry VISOSKI) sold N722JE to Industrial Integrity Solutions Inc., Ontario, CA signed as CFO. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx On January 29, 2000, Air Ghislaine Inc, Wichita, KS purchased 6.25% in a Beech 400A jet, serial number RK-260, tail number N787TA. On May 01, 2009, Air Ghislaine Inc., sold their 6.25% to Flight Options LLC in Richmond Heights, Ohio. signed the bill of sale as Executive Vice President of Flight Options LLC, acting as attorney-in

### Match 8
> ir LLC (Larry VISOSKI) sold N722JE to Industrial Integrity Solutions Inc., Ontario, CA signed as CFO. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx On January 29, 2000, Air Ghislaine Inc, Wichita, KS purchased 6.25% in a Beech 400A jet, serial number RK-260, tail number N787TA. On May 01, 2009, Air Ghislaine Inc., sold their 6.25% to Flight Options LLC in Richmond Heights, Ohio. signed the bill of sale as Executive Vice President of Flight Options LLC, acting as attorney-in-fact for Air Ghislaine Inc. (this aircraft is currently assigned tail number N727KB) Flight Options provides fractional jet ow

### Match 9
> KS purchased 6.25% in a Beech 400A jet, serial number RK-260, tail number N787TA. On May 01, 2009, Air Ghislaine Inc., sold their 6.25% to Flight Options LLC in Richmond Heights, Ohio. signed the bill of sale as Executive Vice President of Flight Options LLC, acting as attorney-in-fact for Air Ghislaine Inc. (this aircraft is currently assigned tail number N727KB) Flight Options provides fractional jet ownership. To identify the persons behind Air Ghislaine Inc., contact Flight Options LLC in Ohio. http://www.flightoptions.com Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx On May 01, 2009, Air Ghislai

### Match 10
> in Richmond Heights, Ohio. signed the bill of sale as Executive Vice President of Flight Options LLC, acting as attorney-in-fact for Air Ghislaine Inc. (this aircraft is currently assigned tail number N727KB) Flight Options provides fractional jet ownership. To identify the persons behind Air Ghislaine Inc., contact Flight Options LLC in Ohio. http://www.flightoptions.com Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx On May 01, 2009, Air Ghislaine Inc., Richmond Heights, Ohio purchased 6.25% in a Beech 400A jet, serial number RK-244, tail number N439LX. On February 11, 2010, Air Ghislaine Inc. change
