# EFTA02508162

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2015 8:05 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Medical Lab Report ??» jeevacation@gmail.com> as you requested... Ann R. DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-ma=l may be privileged,confidential, and protected from disclosure. If you ar= not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any disseminatio=, di

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 11, 2015 8:05 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: Medical Lab Report 
??» 
jeevacation@gmail.com> 
as you requested... 
Ann R. 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-ma=l may be privileged,confidential, and protected from disclosure. If 
you ar= not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any disseminatio=, distribution or duplication of this 
communication is strictly prohibited= If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sende= 
immediately and delete all copies. 
=/div> 
=AO please note 
The information contained in this commu=ication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may cons=itute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addre=see. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copyi=g of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited a=d may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, pl=ase notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, a=d destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all a=tachments. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
cl 
Me=ical Lab Report.pdf> 
=C2 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only =or the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthoriz=d use, 
EFTA_R1_01639104 
EFTA02508162

disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this 
return e-mail o= by e-mail to j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this 
communication and all copies =hereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved </=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01639105 
EFTA02508163

