# EFTA00015303 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 54

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. : 20 Cr. 330 (MN) x MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION UNDER THE FOURTH AMENDMENT, MARTINDELL, AND THE FIFTH AMENDMENT TO SUPPRE ALL EVIDENCE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT'S SUBPOENA T AND TO DISMISS COUNTS FIVE AND SIX Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menn

### Match 2
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. : 20 Cr. 330 (MN) x MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION UNDER THE FOURTH AMENDMENT, MARTINDELL, AND THE FIFTH AMENDMENT TO SUPPRE ALL EVIDENCE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT'S SUBPOENA T AND TO DISMISS COUNTS FIVE AND SIX Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. Denver, CO 80203 Mark S. Cohen

### Match 3
> 9, 10 United States v. Oshatz, 700 F. Supp. 696 (S.D.N.Y. 1988) 16 United States v. Place, 462 U.S. 696 (1983) 3 United States v. Thomas, 736 F.3d 54 (1st Cir. 2013) 6 ii EFTA00015305 Constitutional Provisions U.S. CONST. amend. IV passim U.S. CONST. amend. V passim iii EFTA00015306 Ghislaine Maxwell moves under the Fourth Amendment, Martindell v. Intl TeL & TeL Corp., 594 F.2d 291 (2d Cir. 1979), and the Fifth Amendment, to suppress all evidence the government obtained from a grand jury subpoena it issued to arid to dismiss Counts Five and Six, which are the fruits of that unlawful subpoena

### Match 4
> i C. Stemheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim e w or c. 1%WR0 1 1 Attorneys for Chislaine Maxwell 17 EFTA00015323 Certificate of Service I hereby certify that on January 25, 2021, I served by email, pursuant Rule 2(B) of the Court's individual practices in criminal cases, the Memorandum of Ghislaine Maxwell in Support of Her Motion Under the Fourth Amendment, Martindell, and the Fi h Amendment to Suppress All Evidence Obtained from the government's Subpoena t and to Dismiss Counts Five and Six upon the following: U.S. Attorney's Office SDNY New York, NY 10007 s/ Christian R. Everdell 18 EFTA0

### Match 5
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. : 20 Cr. 330 (MN) x MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION UNDER THE FOURTH AMENDMENT, MARTINDELL, AND THE FIFTH AMENDMENT TO SUPPRE ALL EVIDENCE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT'S SUBPOENA T AND TO DISMISS COUNTS FIVE AND SIX Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura

### Match 6
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. : 20 Cr. 330 (MN) x MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION UNDER THE FOURTH AMENDMENT, MARTINDELL, AND THE FIFTH AMENDMENT TO SUPPRE ALL EVIDENCE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT'S SUBPOENA T AND TO DISMISS COUNTS FIVE AND SIX Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. Denver, CO 80203 Mark S

### Match 7
> 9, 10 United States v. Oshatz, 700 F. Supp. 696 (S.D.N.Y. 1988) 16 United States v. Place, 462 U.S. 696 (1983) 3 United States v. Thomas, 736 F.3d 54 (1st Cir. 2013) 6 ii EFTA00015305 Constitutional Provisions U.S. CONST. amend. IV passim U.S. CONST. amend. V passim iii EFTA00015306 Ghislaine Maxwell moves under the Fourth Amendment, Martindell v. Intl TeL & TeL Corp., 594 F.2d 291 (2d Cir. 1979), and the Fifth Amendment, to suppress all evidence the government obtained from a grand jury subpoena it issued to arid to dismiss Counts Five and Six, which are the fruits of that unlawful

### Match 8
> i C. Stemheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim e w or c. 1%WR0 1 1 Attorneys for Chislaine Maxwell 17 EFTA00015323 Certificate of Service I hereby certify that on January 25, 2021, I served by email, pursuant Rule 2(B) of the Court's individual practices in criminal cases, the Memorandum of Ghislaine Maxwell in Support of Her Motion Under the Fourth Amendment, Martindell, and the Fi h Amendment to Suppress All Evidence Obtained from the government's Subpoena t and to Dismiss Counts Five and Six upon the following: U.S. Attorney's Office SDNY New York, NY 10007 s/ Christian R. Everdell 1

### Match 9
> Amendment, Martindell v. Intl TeL & TeL Corp., 594 F.2d 291 (2d Cir. 1979), and the Fifth Amendment, to suppress all evidence the government obtained from a grand jury subpoena it issued to arid to dismiss Counts Five and Six, which are the fruits of that unlawful subpoena. FACTUAL BACKGROUND Ms. Maxwell's Motion under the Due Process Clause to Suppress and Dismiss Counts 5 and 6 sets forth the facts relevant to this motion. Ms. Maxwell incorporates those facts by reference here. In summary, the government obtain file, including thr by way of a grand jury subpoena enforced through an ex pane p

### Match 10
> ernment obtained from a grand jury subpoena it issued to arid to dismiss Counts Five and Six, which are the fruits of that unlawful subpoena. FACTUAL BACKGROUND Ms. Maxwell's Motion under the Due Process Clause to Suppress and Dismiss Counts 5 and 6 sets forth the facts relevant to this motion. Ms. Maxwell incorporates those facts by reference here. In summary, the government obtain file, including thr by way of a grand jury subpoena enforced through an ex pane proceeding Although the government claimed not to know what was in file and that had no role in instigating the investigation of Maxw
