# EFTA02483670

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, October 19, 2015 5:05 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: did you email him/ On Mon, Oct 19, 2015 at 11:06 AM, Eva Dubin > wrote: =div dir="auto"> Egoscue Sent from my iPhone On =ct 19, 2015, at 10:44 AM, jeffrey E. cjeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> wrote: im in palm beach, sh=uld i see dr tedeicue for my bacjk?

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, October 19, 2015 5:05 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: did you email him/ On Mon, Oct 19, 2015 at 11:06 AM, Eva Dubin > wrote: =div dir="auto"> Egoscue Sent from my iPhone On =ct 19, 2015, at 10:44 AM, jeffrey E. cjeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> wrote: im in palm beach, sh=uld i see dr tedeicue for my bacjk? ple=se note The information contained in this communication is conf=dential,

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, October 19, 2015 5:05 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
did you email him/ 
On Mon, Oct 19, 2015 at 11:06 AM, Eva Dubin 
> wrote: 
=div dir="auto"> 
Egoscue 
Sent from my iPhone 
On =ct 19, 2015, at 10:44 AM, jeffrey E. cjeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> wrote: 
im in palm beach, sh=uld i see dr tedeicue for my bacjk? 
ple=se note 
The information contained in this communication is 
conf=dential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside infor=ation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the pro=erty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
commu=ication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful.=lf you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us imme=iately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> , and 
destroy this =ommunication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrig=t -all rights reserved 
=/div>--
=C2 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01601033 
EFTA02483670

The information containe= in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the u=e of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disc=osure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly =rohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communicati=n in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail =o 
jeevacation@g=ail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01601034 
EFTA02483671

