# EFTA02273734

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Eva Dubin From: Sent Fri 2/8/2019 5:28:25 PM Subject Re: muffins Hi Eva. I am still waiting to hear back from Sonam who is to make the muffins. I am hoping for today. But it could be Monday A I will let you know. Sent from my iPhone On Fcb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: *** Please note, my

**[FULL]:** To: Eva Dubin From: Sent Fri 2/8/2019 5:28:25 PM Subject Re: muffins Hi Eva. I am still waiting to hear back from Sonam who is to make the muffins. I am hoping for today. But it could be Monday A I will let you know. Sent from my iPhone On Fcb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: *** Please note, my email address has changed to On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, wrote: Oh Eva!!! Completely understand!! They are simply the BEST! Let me work on This for you A* Sent from my iPhone On Fcb 8, 2019, at 10:55 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: HI I ran out of muffins this morning a

**[FULL]:** ent from my iPhone On Fcb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: *** Please note, my email address has changed to On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, wrote: Oh Eva!!! Completely understand!! They are simply the BEST! Let me work on This for you A* Sent from my iPhone On Fcb 8, 2019, at 10:55 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: HI I ran out of muffins this morning and I do not know how I will survive without them I Do you have any ideas of how I can get more? A Please note, my email address has changed to: EFTA_R1_01086468 EFTA02273734

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Eva Dubin 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 2/8/2019 5:28:25 PM 
Subject Re: muffins 
Hi Eva. I am still waiting to hear back from Sonam who is to make the muffins. I am hoping for 
today. But it could be Monday A I will let you know. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Fcb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
*** 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, 
wrote: 
Oh Eva!!! Completely understand!! They are simply the BEST! Let 
me work on This for you A* 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Fcb 8, 2019, at 10:55 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
HI 
I ran out of muffins this morning and I do not know how 
I will survive without them I Do you have any ideas of 
how I can get more? A 
Please note, my email address has changed to: 
EFTA_R1_01086468 
EFTA02273734

