# EFTA02374991

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" <Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>New Issue $25 Par: =west Corporation (CTL) Senior Notes, 6.75% - 6.875%; =ixed-|

---

**[WORD]:** wrote: Let's =ee after market On Tue, Apr 18, 2017 at 10:51 AM Richard Kahn <richardkahn12@gmail.com> wrote: Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor New York, =Y 10022 tel 212-971-1306 fax =12-320-0381 cell 917-414-7584 Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" <Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com> Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 Par: =west Corporation (CTL) Senior Notes, 6.75% - 6.875%; =ixed- for-Life EFTA_R1_01382477 EFTA02374991 Date: =/b>April 18, 2017 at 10:38:53 AM =DT To: =/b>"Richard Kahn (richardkahn12@gmail.com)" <richardkahn12@gmail.com> Good m

**[WORD]:** =p; = &=bsp; &nb=p; = &=bsp; &nb=P; Expected =isting: =nbsp; =YSE &nbs=; =nbsp; &n=sp; &nbs=; =nbsp; &nb=p; &=bsp; &nb=p; Timing: =oday's =usiness =nbsp; &n=sp; &nbs=; =nbsp; &n=sp; &nbs=; &nb=p; &=bsp; &nb=p; &=bsp; &nb=p; Let me know if you have any questions. Best, Andrew &nb=p; 3 EFTA_R1_01382479 EFTA02374993 Andrew S. Atlas First Vice President Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Financial Advisor Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 Tel/Direct: +1 212 705 4521 I Fax: +1 201 633 8007 andrew.atlas@m

**[WORD]:** =isting: =nbsp; =YSE &nbs=; =nbsp; &n=sp; &nbs=; =nbsp; &nb=p; &=bsp; &nb=p; Timing: =oday's =usiness =nbsp; &n=sp; &nbs=; =nbsp; &n=sp; &nbs=; &nb=p; &=bsp; &nb=p; &=bsp; &nb=p; Let me know if you have any questions. Best, Andrew &nb=p; 3 EFTA_R1_01382479 EFTA02374993 Andrew S. Atlas First Vice President Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Financial Advisor Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 Tel/Direct: +1 212 705 4521 I Fax: +1 201 633 8007 andrew.atlas@morganstanley.com <mailto:andrew.atlas@morganstanley

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn <richardkahn12@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, April 18, 2017 5:06 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: New Issue $25 Par Qwest Corporation (CTL) Senior Notes, 6.75% - 6.875%; Fixed-
for-Life 
boss may be interested after market on this so please keep me =osted thanks 
Richard =ahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel =12-971-1306 
fax 212-320-0381 
cell =17-414-7584 
On Apr 18, 2017, at 11:39 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Let's =ee after market 
On Tue, Apr 18, 2017 at 10:51 AM Richard Kahn <richardkahn12@gmail.com> wrote: 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, =Y 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax =12-320-0381 
cell 917-414-7584 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" <Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com> 
Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 Par: =west Corporation (CTL) Senior Notes, 6.75% - 6.875%; =ixed-
for-Life 
EFTA_R1_01382477 
EFTA02374991

Date: =/b>April 18, 2017 at 10:38:53 AM =DT 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn (richardkahn12@gmail.com)" <richardkahn12@gmail.com> 
Good morning Rich. 
Morgan Stanley is pricing a new =ssue $25 par preferred today. 
Here are the details: 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
=nbsp; 
$25 Par New Issue Syndicate =ffering: 
= 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
= 
Qwest Corporation =CTL) 
&nb=p; 
= 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
= 
&nb=p; 
= 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
= 
Issuer: Qwest Corporation ="CTL") 
&nb=p; 
= 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
Parent =ompany: 
=nbsp; CenturyLink =nc. 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Securities =ffered: 
Notes due =057 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
Expected =atings: 
=Ba1 / BBB— / BBB— (Neg Watch/Stable/Neg =atch) 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Size: 
$250mm (10mm $25 =ar =otes) 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&nb=p; 
= 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
Maturity: 
=nbsp; June 15, =057 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
Price =uidance: 
= 
6.75% - =.875% 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nb=p; 
= 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
= 
&=bsp; 
2 
EFTA_R1_01382478 
EFTA02374992

Offer =rice: 
$25.00 per =ote 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
Payment =aces: 
&n=sp; Quarterly, beginning September 15, =017 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
Optional Redemption: =ssuer's option to redeem at par on or after June 15, =022 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
Use of =roceeds: 
= We intend to use these net proceeds, together with available =ash or 
additional intercompany borrowings, to redeem, as soon as =easonably practicable, (i) all $500 million aggregate 
principal amount of the Maturing Notes at a premium and (ii) all $288.5 =illion aggregate principal amount of the 2051 
Notes at par, including =n each case accrued and unpaid interest on all such redeemed =otes. 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nb=p; 
= 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
= 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
QDI/DRD: 
&=bsp; Not =ligible 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
Subject to U.S. Tax Withholding for =RA =lients: 
=nbsp; Please see the Preliminary 
Prospectus for tax and =ithholding =nformation* 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nb=p; 
= 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
= 
&=bsp; 
&nb=P; 
Expected =isting: 
=nbsp; =YSE 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
Timing: =oday's =usiness 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
Let me know if you have any questions. 
Best, 
Andrew 
&nb=p; 
3 
EFTA_R1_01382479 
EFTA02374993

Andrew S. Atlas 
First Vice President 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Financial Advisor 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 
Tel/Direct: +1 212 705 4521 I Fax: +1 201 633 8007 
andrew.atlas@morganstanley.com <mailto:andrew.atlas@morganstanley.com> 
NMLS ID Si =326736 
NOTICE: Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or =iews 
contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice =ithin the meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and =onsumer Protection Act. If you have received this communication in error, please =estroy 
all electronic and paper copies and notify the sender immediately. Mistransmission is not intended to waive 
confidentiality or privilege. =organ Stanley reserves the right, to the extent permitted under applicable =aw, to monitor 
electronic communications. This message is subject to terms =vailable at the following link: 
http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers If you =annot access these links, please notify us by reply message and we 
will send =he contents to you. By communicating with Morgan Stanley you consent to the =foregoing and to the voice 
recording of conversations with personnel of =organ Stanley. 
=br class="n> 
please note 
The information contained in this =ommunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client =rivileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is =ntended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the =roperty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure =r copying of this 
4 
EFTA_R1_01382480 
EFTA02374994

communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have =eceived this 
communication in error, please notify us =mmediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this =ommunication and all copies thereof, 
including all =ttachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
5 
EFTA_R1_01382481 
EFTA02374995

