# EFTA00028538 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** <1
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Opposition FILED to dismiss"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> s first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/28/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: OPPOSITION TO MOTION, to dismiss [37], on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/28/2020 by CMIECF. [2940206] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: T Gee, -: Adam Mueller, Laura Menninger, Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk: Gerar Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk Quality Control 1 Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: The following d

### Match 2
> s first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/28/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: OPPOSITION TO MOTION, to dismiss [37], on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/28/2020 by CMIECF. [2940206] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: T Gee, -: Adam Mueller, Laura Menninger, Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk: Gerar Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk Quality Control 1 Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: The fol

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> To: <1 Subject: 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Opposition FILED to dismiss" Date: Mon, 28 Sep 2020 21:26:24 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electro

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/28/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: OPPOSITION TO MOTION, to dismiss [37], on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/28/2020 by CMIECF. [2940206] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: T Gee, -: Adam Mueller, Laura Menninger, Gerard
