# EFTA02706778

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Biegel, Chelsie'|
|To|"Igroff@dkiplIc.corni|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>Hasty Pudding/Michael Lynton Gala - Andrew =arkas|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff Sent: Friday, Januars.MI M To: Epstein Jeffrey Subject: Fwd: Hasty Pudding/Michael Lynton Gala - Andrew Farkas Attachments: Jeffrey Epstein Letter Hasty Pudding Gala.docx; Untitled attachment 00028.htm Please advise if you would like to set up a 5 =inute call w/Andrew to discuss this. Begin forwarded =essage: From: "Biegel, Chelsie' =/div> Subject: =/b>Hasty Pudding/Michael Lynton Gala - Andre

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff Sent: Friday, Januars.MI M To: Epstein Jeffrey Subject: Fwd: Hasty Pudding/Michael Lynton Gala - Andrew Farkas Attachments: Jeffrey Epstein Letter Hasty Pudding Gala.docx; Untitled attachment 00028.htm Please advise if you would like to set up a 5 =inute call w/Andrew to discuss this. Begin forwarded =essage: From: "Biegel, Chelsie' =/div> Subject: =/b>Hasty Pudding/Michael Lynton Gala - Andrew =arkas Date: January 4, 2013 1:54:35 PM EST To: "Igroff@dkiplIc.corni </=iv> Hi Leslie, Happy New Year! I wanted to reach out to =onfirm that Mr. Epstein receiv

**[WORD]:** ndrew Farkas Attachments: Jeffrey Epstein Letter Hasty Pudding Gala.docx; Untitled attachment 00028.htm Please advise if you would like to set up a 5 =inute call w/Andrew to discuss this. Begin forwarded =essage: From: "Biegel, Chelsie' =/div> Subject: =/b>Hasty Pudding/Michael Lynton Gala - Andrew =arkas Date: January 4, 2013 1:54:35 PM EST To: "Igroff@dkiplIc.corni </=iv> Hi Leslie, Happy New Year! I wanted to reach out to =onfirm that Mr. Epstein received a letter regarding The Hasty =udding/Michael Lynton Gala on March 4, 2013. The letter was sent by =ndrew Farkas and should have a

**[WORD]:** to reach out to =onfirm that Mr. Epstein received a letter regarding The Hasty =udding/Michael Lynton Gala on March 4, 2013. The letter was sent by =ndrew Farkas and should have arrived before the holidays via FedEx. In =ddition, I wanted to set up a quick five minute phone call with Jeffrey =nd Andrew regarding the letter, which you will also find attached. =hank you for your help in advance. Best, Chelsie Chelsie Biegel Island Capital New =ork, NY 10022 EFTA_R1_02102900 EFTA02706778 This message, and any attachments hereto, is =onfidential and intended exclusively for the use of the in

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Friday, Januars.MI
M
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey 
Subject: 
Fwd: Hasty Pudding/Michael Lynton Gala - Andrew Farkas 
Attachments: 
Jeffrey Epstein Letter Hasty Pudding Gala.docx; Untitled attachment 00028.htm 
Please advise if you would like to set up a 5 =inute call w/Andrew to discuss this. 
Begin forwarded =essage: 
From: "Biegel, Chelsie' 
=/div> 
Subject: =/b>Hasty Pudding/Michael Lynton Gala - Andrew =arkas 
Date: January 4, 2013 1:54:35 PM EST 
To: "Igroff@dkiplIc.corni 
</=iv> 
Hi Leslie, 
Happy New Year! 
I wanted to reach out to =onfirm that Mr. Epstein received a letter regarding The Hasty =udding/Michael Lynton 
Gala on March 4, 2013. The letter was sent by =ndrew Farkas and should have arrived before the holidays via FedEx. In 
=ddition, I wanted to set up a quick five minute phone call with Jeffrey =nd Andrew regarding the letter, which you will 
also find attached. =hank you for your help in advance. 
Best, 
Chelsie 
Chelsie Biegel 
Island Capital 
New =ork, NY 10022 
EFTA_R1_02102900 
EFTA02706778

This message, and any attachments hereto, is =onfidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or =ntity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain =nformation that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a =onfidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or =rotected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). =f you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that =rinting, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or =sing this message or any information 
contained herein (including any =eliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this =essage in error, please 
contact the sender immediately and destroy the =essage (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, 
=hether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this r"-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or =odification of any agreement with C-III Capital Partners LLC or any of =ts affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be =eceived by C-III Capital Partners LLC or such =ffiliate. 
2 
EFTA_R1_02102901 
EFTA02706779

