# EFTA02441367

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Mon Aug 10 10:08:34 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation@gmail.comijeevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 8/10/2009 2:20:37 PM Subject: Re: I'm about to show you why. Stand by. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Aug 10 10:08:34 2009 Subject: our friend is coming for breakfast again tomorrow 9?99" The information contained in this communication is confidential,

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation@gmail.comijeevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 8/10/2009 2:20:37 PM Subject: Re: I'm about to show you why. Stand by. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Aug 10 10:08:34 2009 Subject: our friend is coming for breakfast again tomorrow 9?99" The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation@gmail.comijeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Mon 8/10/2009 2:20:37 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I'm about to show you why. Stand by. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Mon Aug 10 10:08:34 2009 
Subject: 
our friend is coming for breakfast again tomorrow 9?99" 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jgc‘acation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all conics thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01515793 
EFTA02441367

