# EFTA00029138 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Laura Menninger
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, April 28, 2021 6:13 PM
- **Subject:** RE: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - meet and confer

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' To: Laura Mennin. er • Bobbi Sternheim Jeff Pagliuca "'BOBBI C STERNHEIM"' , "Mark S. Cohen" Cc: 1=pleMIE> USANYS " Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - meet and confer Date: Thu, 29 Apr 2021 23:00:26 +0000 Attachments: 2021-04-30_Govit_Letter_to_Manleyidraft_to_defense).pdf Counsel, Regarding Mr. Manley's letter, I'm attaching a draft of the letter we would plan to him tomorrow. Please let us know if you'd like to confer f

### Match 2
> row. Please let us know if you'd like to confer further about this, and we'd be happy to schedule a call for tomorrow. Thanks, From: Laura Menninger Sent: Wednesday, April 28, 2021 6:13 PM To: Bobbi Sternheim 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' Jeff Pagliuca < Cc: ) Mark S. Cohen c > Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - meet and confer (USANYS) C > Thanks for reaching out. We probably are best served by sending you our position on defense disclosures by email. We should be able to send that by Friday and can schedule a time to talk thereafter if you wish, with an eye towards the joint filin

### Match 3
> s if you wish. Thanks, Laura Laura A. Henninger I Partner Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. From: < Sent: Tuesday, April 27, 2021 10:22 PM EFTA00029138 To: 8obbi Sternheim ;'8O681 C STERNHEIM' < s; Laura Menninger >; Jeff Pagliuca 4 >; Mark S. Cohen Cc: (USANYS) < >; Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) - meet and confer Counsel, Per Judge Nathan's Order (docket number 250), is there a time this week when you would be available for a call to meet and confer regarding a proposed schedule for defense disclosure of witness statements pursuant to Rule 26.2? Or if you would prefer
