# EFTA00027469 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 12

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" •
- **Sent:** Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM
- **Subject:** Ghislaine Maxwell custody

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: Tr: Cc: Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 21:04:00 +0000 From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my 'Phone Begin forwarded message: From Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" • Cc: " Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell

### Match 2
> From: Tr: Cc: Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 21:04:00 +0000 From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my 'Phone Begin forwarded message: From Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" • Cc: " Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If y

### Match 3
> Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 21:04:00 +0000 From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my 'Phone Begin forwarded message: From Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" • Cc: " Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The followin directiv

### Match 4
> From: Tr: Cc: Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 21:04:00 +0000 From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my 'Phone Begin forwarded message: From Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" • Cc: " Subject: Ghislaine

### Match 5
> From: Tr: Cc: Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 21:04:00 +0000 From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my 'Phone Begin forwarded message: From Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" • Cc: " Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC.

### Match 6
> Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 21:04:00 +0000 From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my 'Phone Begin forwarded message: From Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" • Cc: " Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The followin

### Match 7
> 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my 'Phone Begin forwarded message: From Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" • Cc: " Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The followin directives apply and shall not be deviated from without express permission from myself or I.

### Match 8
> -SUPERVISORS (USMS)" • Cc: " Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The followin directives apply and shall not be deviated from without express permission from myself or I. Inmate Maxwell will be housed in MI 2. SRT personnel will be posted in medical and will only be relieved only by SRT personnel 3. Staff will not converse wit

### Match 9
> her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The followin directives apply and shall not be deviated from without express permission from myself or I. Inmate Maxwell will be housed in MI 2. SRT personnel will be posted in medical and will only be relieved only by SRT personnel 3. Staff will not converse with the inmate outside of the standard communication required related to the inmate's health and safety 4. Inmate Maxwell will remain on a 15 minute obs

### Match 10
> on from myself or I. Inmate Maxwell will be housed in MI 2. SRT personnel will be posted in medical and will only be relieved only by SRT personnel 3. Staff will not converse with the inmate outside of the standard communication required related to the inmate's health and safety 4. Inmate Maxwell will remain on a 15 minute observation watch 5. All rounds, and touch probe rounds will be conducted and documented in XJail 6. Third Shift Supervisors will download the touch probe rounds and camera footage from the previous day at 0000 hours each day. The video from the medical cell DVR will
