# EFTA02343776

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: foundation, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** gmail.com> wrote: wrote: you should stay, I m not=well yet. most likely you and litle ■ will fly thurs=from new york if i feel well and I wil fly from here./ a=k tammm how long will he be there and where he goes from there. =A0 Tell him your foundation work is taking you to boston to meet wit= Bill Gates again, and you will let him know on wed On Sun, Sep 28, 2014 at =0:58 AM, wrote: EFTA_R1_01312160 EFTA02343776 Shall I come to-the island or stay in NY tmw morning? is arriving at 2pm. Will make sure she is all set. Sent from my iPhone =C2 please note The information contained in this com

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Sunday, September 28, 2014 5:32 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
waiting for reply 
On Sun, Sep 28, 2014 at 1:30 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
On =unday, September 28, 2014, 
<mailto 
> wrote= 
No, better not t=! Would be funny if after all my Jewish studies, I end up converting to Is=am :)) then my 
name can be Sultana (he didn't catch my name right away=and thought it was Sultana:) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 28, 2014, at 1:19 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com&=t; wrote: 
we =robably don't want to tell him about yomkippur 
On Sun, Sep 28, 2014 at 1:01 PM= 
=e said he is not sure now if he is going to paris and will let me know tmw= 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 28, 2014, at 12:21 =M, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
wrote: 
you should stay, I m not=well yet. most likely you and litle ■ 
will fly thurs=from new 
york if i feel well and I wil fly from here./ a=k tammm how long will he be there and where he goes from there. =A0 
Tell him your foundation work is taking you to boston to meet wit= Bill Gates again, and you will let him know on wed 
On Sun, Sep 28, 2014 at =0:58 AM, 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01312160 
EFTA02343776

Shall I come to-the island or stay in NY tmw morning? 
is arriving at 2pm. Will make sure she is all set. 
Sent from my iPhone 
=C2 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e=mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication an= all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights r=served 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, =ay be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, an= is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property ofJEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication o= any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you ha=e received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by=br>return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
dest=oy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments= copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
2 
EFTA_R1_01312161 
EFTA02343777

The information=contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client=privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for=br>the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized =se, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
co=munication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or b= e-mail to jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, m=y be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and=is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
3 
EFTA_R1_01312162 
EFTA02343778

