# EFTA02658785

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, February 21, 2017 3:31 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Perfect On Tu=, Feb 21, 2017 at 1:21 AM Eva Dubin < > wrote: They are going to keep their departure for the 15 =h because they have made a bunch of plans in Palm Beach.... they are flyin= from your island to Miami or Ft Lauderdale...I forgot which one. So .=.. they will come to

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, February 21, 2017 3:31 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Perfect On Tu=, Feb 21, 2017 at 1:21 AM Eva Dubin < > wrote: They are going to keep their departure for the 15 =h because they have made a bunch of plans in Palm Beach.... they are flyin= from your island to Miami or Ft Lauderdale...I forgot which one. So .=.. they will come to NY for Friday and Saturday.... and then look for a ne= ticket NY t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, February 21, 2017 3:31 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
Perfect 
On Tu=, Feb 21, 2017 at 1:21 AM Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
They are going to keep their departure for the 15 =h because they have made a bunch of plans in Palm Beach.... 
they are flyin= from your island to Miami or Ft Lauderdale...I forgot which one. 
So .=.. they will come to NY for Friday and Saturday.... and then look for a ne= ticket NY to St Thomas for the 12 
th.... 
What=do you think...? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 20, 2017, at 5:08 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> &g=; wrote: 
I am hosting some russains on the 10 and 11, =AO can jordy chanve his flights to 12 -17 . i II pay 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is=br class="gmail_msg"> confidential, may be 
attorney-client privileged, may 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
EFTA_R1_01905534 
EFTA02658785

The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addresser. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying =f this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and =ay be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and<=r>destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all atta=hments. copyright 
-all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01905535 
EFTA02658786

