# EFTA02680911

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, June 6, 2012 9:02 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: he deserves it Whoops Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Jun 6, 2012, at 4:52 AM, Jean Luc Brunel > wrote: > Ok. Done deal but also for the diner. I hope for you that is not diner jac=et with the hat > Original Message > From: Jeffrey [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.co

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, June 6, 2012 9:02 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: he deserves it Whoops Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Jun 6, 2012, at 4:52 AM, Jean Luc Brunel > wrote: > Ok. Done deal but also for the diner. I hope for you that is not diner jac=et with the hat > Original Message > From: Jeffrey [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj > Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2012 04:40 AM > To: Jean Luc Brunel > Subject: Re: he deserves it > I will go, he has bad pres

**[FULL]:** the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Jun 6, 2012, at 4:52 AM, Jean Luc Brunel > wrote: > Ok. Done deal but also for the diner. I hope for you that is not diner jac=et with the hat > Original Message > From: Jeffrey [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj > Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2012 04:40 AM > To: Jean Luc Brunel > Subject: Re: he deserves it > I will go, he has bad press lately , very bad . I do not want Svet back i= the market . > Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone > On Jun 6, 2012, at 4:32 AM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: » He wants to have a drink or a quick phone call. You are may be right, m

**[FULL]:** y [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj > Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2012 04:40 AM > To: Jean Luc Brunel > Subject: Re: he deserves it > I will go, he has bad press lately , very bad . I do not want Svet back i= the market . > Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone > On Jun 6, 2012, at 4:32 AM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: » He wants to have a drink or a quick phone call. You are may be right, mar=iage is a good idea. Would you go to the ceremony. I need a little help to c=nvince myself about the benefits of getting married. <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIS

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 6, 2012 9:02 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: he deserves it 
Whoops 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 6, 2012, at 4:52 AM, Jean Luc Brunel 
> wrote: 
> Ok. Done deal but also for the diner. I hope for you that is not diner jac=et with the hat 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Jeffrey [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
> Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2012 04:40 AM 
> To: Jean Luc Brunel 
> Subject: Re: he deserves it 
> I will go, he has bad press lately , very bad . I do not want Svet back i= the market . 
> Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
> On Jun 6, 2012, at 4:32 AM, Jean Luc Brunel 
wrote: 
» He wants to have a drink or a quick phone call. You are may be right, mar=iage is a good idea. Would you go to the 
ceremony. I need a little help to c=nvince myself about the benefits of getting married. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1338973414</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>227714</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01990389 
EFTA02680911

