# EFTA02304087

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Karyna Shuliak < Sent: Sunday, February 15, 2015 10:15 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: > Hi Eva, I wanted to give you an updated =ppointment time for mom in case you would still like to come with =only if it is convenient for you!). She now has a pre-op appointment =ith Dr. Kolker on Monday March 2nd at 11:15am. And =he is going to see Dr. Fassano on Friday, Febr

**[FULL]:** ee Dr. Fassano on Friday, February 27th at 11:40am for =he medical clearance, since Dr. Fassano is off the week =fter. Once =gain thank you very much for all your help! Karyna. wrote: On Jan 26, 2015, at 3:45 PM, =aryna Shuliak < <mailto Thank you so =uch Eva!!! On Jan 26, 2015, at 2:56 PM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Hi Karyna, > > 1 EFTA_R1_01176474 EFTA02304087 This =hould be all you need. Once surgery is done she needs to stay =ere for at least two weeks before she can go back. Eva Subject: Re: RE: From: =a href="mailto Date: Sun, 25 Jan =015 10:48:45 -0500 CC: To: Thank you very mu

**[FULL]:** EFTA02304087 This =hould be all you need. Once surgery is done she needs to stay =ere for at least two weeks before she can go back. Eva Subject: Re: RE: From: =a href="mailto Date: Sun, 25 Jan =015 10:48:45 -0500 CC: To: Thank you very much =va! =lass=""> On Jan 25, 2015, at 10:46 AM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: ok I will check. Tell me her =ull name again . > =rom: <mailto > Subject: =e: > Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -0500 > To: <mailto >=Thank you Eva! > On February 23rd she has an =ppointment with Dr. Fasano and a pre-op appointment with Dr. Kolker. On =arch 9th she is schedul

**[FULL]:** : <mailto > Subject: =e: > Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -0500 > To: <mailto >=Thank you Eva! > On February 23rd she has an =ppointment with Dr. Fasano and a pre-op appointment with Dr. Kolker. On =arch 9th she is scheduled for the surgery with Dr. Kolker. > On Jan 25, 2015, at 10:12 AM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: > =br class="">» That is a long time Doesn't seem =ight. > Send me the appts you have now and I will =elp you figure it out. > > > =ent from • iPhone >» =n Jan 25, 2015, at 8:58 AM, Karyna Shuliak < > wrote: > =gt;> >» Hi Eva, > =gt;> 2 EFTA_R1_01176475 EFTA02304088 >» Je

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Karyna Shuliak < 
Sent: 
Sunday, February 15, 2015 10:15 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
> 
Hi Eva, 
I wanted to give you an updated =ppointment time for 
mom in case you would still like to come with =only if it is 
convenient for you!). She now has a pre-op appointment =ith Dr. Kolker on Monday March 2nd at 11:15am. 
And =he is going to see Dr. Fassano on Friday, February 27th at 11:40am for =he medical clearance, since Dr. Fassano is 
off the week =fter. 
Once =gain thank you very much for all your help! 
Karyna. 
wrote: 
On Jan 26, 2015, at 3:45 PM, =aryna Shuliak < 
<mailto 
Thank you so =uch Eva!!! 
On Jan 26, 2015, at 2:56 PM, Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
Hi Karyna, 
> > 
1 
EFTA_R1_01176474 
EFTA02304087

This =hould be all you need. Once surgery is done she needs to stay =ere for at least two weeks before 
she can go back. 
Eva 
Subject: Re: RE: 
From: =a href="mailto 
Date: Sun, 25 Jan =015 10:48:45 -0500 
CC: 
To: 
Thank you very much =va! 
=lass=""> 
On Jan 25, 2015, at 10:46 AM, Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
ok I will check. 
Tell me her =ull name again . 
> =rom: 
<mailto 
> Subject: =e: 
> Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -0500 
> To: 
<mailto 
>=Thank you Eva! 
> On February 23rd she has an =ppointment with Dr. Fasano and a pre-op appointment with Dr. 
Kolker. On =arch 9th she is scheduled for the surgery with Dr. Kolker. 
> On Jan 25, 2015, at 10:12 AM, Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
> =br class="">» That is a long time 
Doesn't seem =ight. 
> Send me the appts you have now and I will =elp you figure it out. 
> > 
> =ent from • 
iPhone 
>» =n Jan 25, 2015, at 8:58 AM, Karyna Shuliak < 
> wrote: 
> =gt;> 
>» Hi Eva, 
> =gt;> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01176475 
EFTA02304088

>» Jeffrey suggested that I ask you =his: does it seem normal that the pre-operative 
appointment with the =lastic surgeon for . 
is 2 weeks before the first surgery in =rder for her to get a medical 
clearance? Jeffrey thinks 2 weeks seem =ike a long time for that or is it how it is usually done? 
>>> 
>» Thank you for your =ime! 
>>> 
> » =aryna. 
=/div> 
= 
EFTA_R1_01176476 
EFTA02304089

