# EFTA00025177 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 7

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, April 27, 2021 1:59 PM
- **Subject:** RE: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> wing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/27/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(s) EFTA00025177 Docket Text: MOTION ORDER, denying motion for bail [39] filed by Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, by PNL, RJL, RJS, FILED. [3087715][86] [21-58, 21-770] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Ms. David Oscar Markus -: Assistant U.S. Attorney: , Assistant U.S. Attome Assistant U.S. Attome : Ms. Bobbi C. Stemheim, Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Quality Control 1 The f

### Match 2
> wing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/27/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(s) EFTA00025177 Docket Text: MOTION ORDER, denying motion for bail [39] filed by Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, by PNL, RJL, RJS, FILED. [3087715][86] [21-58, 21-770] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Ms. David Oscar Markus -: Assistant U.S. Attorney: , Assistant U.S. Attome Assistant U.S. Attome : Ms. Bobbi C. Stemheim, Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Quality Control

### Match 3
> From: ' (USANYS)" To: (USANYS)" ci Cc: "=(1. 1\1YS)" < Subject: RE: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail" Date: Tue, 27 Apr 2021 18:00:26 +0000 Agreed. Great work, great result. From: (USANYS) Sent: Tuesday, April 27, 2021 2:00 PM To: ) < *; Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail" (USANYS)

### Match 4
> Subject: RE: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail" Date: Tue, 27 Apr 2021 18:00:26 +0000 Agreed. Great work, great result. From: (USANYS) Sent: Tuesday, April 27, 2021 2:00 PM To: ) < *; Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail" (USANYS) Excellent. Congrats team, and great job ! From: c > Sent: Tuesday, April 27, 2021 1:59 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: FW: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail" See below. Congratulations to

### Match 5
> ) < *; Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail" (USANYS) Excellent. Congrats team, and great job ! From: c > Sent: Tuesday, April 27, 2021 1:59 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: FW: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail" See below. Congratulations to MI who did a really kickass job with this appeal. From: cmecfPca2.uscourts.gov <cmecfPca2.uscourts.gov> Sent: Tuesday, April 27, 2021 1:57 PM To: ) Subject: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying

### Match 6
> United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail" See below. Congratulations to MI who did a really kickass job with this appeal. From: cmecfPca2.uscourts.gov <cmecfPca2.uscourts.gov> Sent: Tuesday, April 27, 2021 1:57 PM To: ) Subject: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail" (USANYS) ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electronically, if receipt i

### Match 7
> rected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/27/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(s) EFTA00025177 Docket Text: MOTION ORDER, denying motion for bail [39] filed by Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, by PNL, RJL, RJS, FILED. [3087715][86] [21-58, 21-770] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Ms. David Oscar Markus -: Assistant U.S. At
