# EFTA02712811

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" <|
|To|=/b>"Richard Kahn (|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>New Issue $25 =ar: Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Perpetual Preferred Stock; Revised =uidance:|

---

**[WORD]:** V Pfd red.pdf, Untitled attachment 00266.htm if you are interested it appears yield will be 6% (not =.125%) fixed for life please advise thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 tel fax cell = Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" < Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 =ar: Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Perpetual Preferred Stock; Revised =uidance: 6.00% 'The Number' Date: =/b>September 8, 2015 at 1:51:23 PM =DT To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( < Hi Rich, Looks like WFC Preferred is going to =rice at 6%. Speak soon, Andrew EFTA_R1_02

**[WORD]:** =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" < Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 =ar: Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Perpetual Preferred Stock; Revised =uidance: 6.00% 'The Number' Date: =/b>September 8, 2015 at 1:51:23 PM =DT To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( < Hi Rich, Looks like WFC Preferred is going to =rice at 6%. Speak soon, Andrew EFTA_R1_02132370 EFTA02712811 Andrew S. Atlas Financial Advisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets =roup Morgan Stanley Wealth =anagement Midtown Manhattan Complex 1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor New York, NY 10104 Tel/Direct: <mailto From: Atlas, Andrew S (Wealth Mgmt MS) Sent: Tuesda

**[WORD]:** w Issue $25 =ar: Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Perpetual Preferred Stock; Revised =uidance: 6.00% 'The Number' Date: =/b>September 8, 2015 at 1:51:23 PM =DT To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( < Hi Rich, Looks like WFC Preferred is going to =rice at 6%. Speak soon, Andrew EFTA_R1_02132370 EFTA02712811 Andrew S. Atlas Financial Advisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets =roup Morgan Stanley Wealth =anagement Midtown Manhattan Complex 1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor New York, NY 10104 Tel/Direct: <mailto From: Atlas, Andrew S (Wealth Mgmt MS) Sent: Tuesday, September 08, 2015 10:20 AM To: Rich

**[WORD]:** ng to =rice at 6%. Speak soon, Andrew EFTA_R1_02132370 EFTA02712811 Andrew S. Atlas Financial Advisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets =roup Morgan Stanley Wealth =anagement Midtown Manhattan Complex 1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor New York, NY 10104 Tel/Direct: <mailto From: Atlas, Andrew S (Wealth Mgmt MS) Sent: Tuesday, September 08, 2015 10:20 AM To: Richard Kahn Subject: New Issue $25 Par: Wells Fargo & Company =WFC) Perpetual Preferred Stock; 6.00% - 6.125%; Fixed- for-Life Good Morning Rich. Hope you had a great Labor Day. Here is a WFC New =ssue Preferred that I thing S

**[WORD]:** QDI/DRD =ligible: = GCP = Yes, See Red for tax and withholding details. Subject to U.S. Tax =ithholding for NRA Clients Yes* &nb=p; &nb=p; Expected =isting: =nbsp; NYSE under the symbol WFCprV Settle: &n=sp; =nbsp; &n=sp; =oday's Business Speak soon, 3 EFTA_R1_02132372 EFTA02712813 Andrew Andrew S. Atlas Financial Advisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets =roup Morgan Stanley Wealth =anagement Midtown Manhattan Complex 1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 Tel/Direct: <mailto Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn < 
Sent: 
Tuesday, September 8, 2015 5:57 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: New Issue $25 Par. Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Perpetual Preferred Stock; 
Revised Guidance: 6.00% 'The Number' 
Attachments: 
Wells Ser V Pfd red.pdf, Untitled attachment 00266.htm 
if you are interested it appears yield will be 6% (not =.125%) fixed for life please advise thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell = 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" < 
Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 =ar: Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Perpetual Preferred Stock; Revised =uidance: 
6.00% 'The Number' 
Date: =/b>September 8, 2015 at 1:51:23 PM =DT 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( 
< 
Hi Rich, 
Looks like WFC Preferred is going to =rice at 6%. 
Speak soon, 
Andrew 
EFTA_R1_02132370 
EFTA02712811

Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial Advisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets =roup 
Morgan Stanley Wealth =anagement 
Midtown Manhattan Complex 
1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor New York, NY 10104 
Tel/Direct: 
<mailto 
From: Atlas, Andrew S (Wealth Mgmt MS) 
Sent: Tuesday, September 08, 2015 10:20 AM 
To: Richard Kahn 
Subject: New Issue $25 Par: Wells Fargo & Company =WFC) Perpetual Preferred Stock; 6.00% - 6.125%; Fixed-
for-Life 
Good Morning Rich. 
Hope you had a great Labor Day. 
Here is a WFC New =ssue Preferred that I thing Southern Trust Company will be interested =n. 
Issuer: 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; Wells Fargo & Company (Ticker: WFC) 
Securities =ffered: 
=epositary shares each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of =on-cumulative 
perpetual Class A Preferred Stock Series V 
&nb=p; 
Format: 
&n=sp; =nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
SEC =egistered 
=nbsp; 
Expected =atings: 
=Baa2/BBB/BBB (St/Neg/St) 
2 
EFTA_R1_02132371 
EFTA02712812

Size: 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
$250mm (10mm shares) 
&nb=p; 
Maturity: 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Perpetual 
Price =uidance: 
&=bsp; 
6.00% - 6.125%; Fixed =or Life 
&nb=p; 
Offer =rice: 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; $25 per depositary share 
&nb=p; 
Dividends 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Quarterly, in arrears on =he 15th of March, June, September, and 
December 
&nb=p; 
First =ay: 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
December 15, 2015 
&nb=p; 
Optional Redemption: In whole, or in =art, on December 15, 2020, or any dividend payment date thereafter, at 
= redemption price equal to $25,000 per share of Series V Preferred =tock (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus 
an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation =f any undeclared dividends. The Series V 
Preferred Stock may also be =edeemed by us at our option in whole, but not in part, prior to =ecember 15, 2020, upon 
the occurrence of a "regulatory capital treatment event," as described herein, at a redemption =rice equal to $25,000 
per share of Series V Preferred Stock (equivalent =o $25 per depositary share), plus an amount equal to any declared 
and =npaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. (See Red) 
&nb=p; 
Use of =roceeds: 
&nb=p; 
QDI/DRD =ligible: 
= GCP 
= Yes, See Red for tax and withholding details. 
Subject to U.S. Tax =ithholding for NRA Clients Yes* 
&nb=p; 
&nb=p; 
Expected =isting: 
=nbsp; NYSE under the symbol WFCprV 
Settle: 
&n=sp; =nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
=oday's Business 
Speak soon, 
3 
EFTA_R1_02132372 
EFTA02712813

Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial Advisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets =roup 
Morgan Stanley Wealth =anagement 
Midtown Manhattan Complex 
1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 
Tel/Direct: 
<mailto 
Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any =ecurity or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this =-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
=eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, =o the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is subject to terms 
available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If you cannot access 
this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley 
you consent to =he foregoing. 
4 
EFTA_R1_02132373 
EFTA02712814

