# EFTA02438735

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeanluc brunel|
|To|Andrew Nikou <|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: <no subject>|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey EpsteinBeevacation©gmail.com] From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Mon 10/26/2009 11:33:02 AM Subject: FW: <no subject> Title: FW: <no subject> Forwarded Message From: jeanluc brunel Date: Mon, 26 Oct 2009 07:32:20 -0400 To: Andrew Nikou < Subject: Re: <no subject> Hi Andrew, It was great to see you dancing like a teenager. I don't know if your brother works with you but he is also a lot of fun. Coming back to business, as you are aware, the transaction can be structured in many ways. I . Do you want the tax benefits? (

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey EpsteinBeevacation©gmail.com] From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Mon 10/26/2009 11:33:02 AM Subject: FW: <no subject> Title: FW: <no subject> Forwarded Message From: jeanluc brunel Date: Mon, 26 Oct 2009 07:32:20 -0400 To: Andrew Nikou < Subject: Re: <no subject> Hi Andrew, It was great to see you dancing like a teenager. I don't know if your brother works with you but he is also a lot of fun. Coming back to business, as you are aware, the transaction can be structured in many ways. I . Do you want the tax benefits? ( contract, depreciation, etc...) 2. Do you wa

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey EpsteinBeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: 
Mon 10/26/2009 11:33:02 AM 
Subject: FW: <no subject> 
Title: FW: <no subject> 
 
Forwarded Message 
From: jeanluc brunel 
Date: Mon, 26 Oct 2009 07:32:20 -0400 
To: Andrew Nikou < 
Subject: Re: <no subject> 
Hi Andrew, 
It was great to see you dancing like a teenager. 
I don't know if your brother works with you but he is also a lot of fun. 
Coming back to business, as you are aware, the transaction can be structured in many ways. 
I . Do you want the tax benefits? ( contract, depreciation, etc...) 
2. Do you want the possibility of taking public later, if so. Initial transaction needs preparation 
3. Do you want this to be he hub of a larger acquisition strategy..., i.e. Do you want to buy other 
agencies for paper? 
Call me to let me know how you have finished the evening. I have an idea as the blond girl with short 
hair was all over you, but I have left early. 
Best 
Jean Luc 
On 10/25/09 2:07 PM, "Andrew Nikou" 
wrote: 
Hi Jean Luc, 
Amazing last night! I have to tell you how my night ended! 
Regarding your email. Lets talk next week. Would this assume that the new company does not 
take on the IRS liability? 
Andrew 
Andrew Nikou 
Founder & Managing Partner 
OpenGate Capital, LLC 
1999 Avenue of the Stars I Suite 1830 
EFTA_R1_01512069 
EFTA02438735

Los Angeles I CA j 90067 
I Office 
I Fax 
US Mobile 
I French Mobile 
Save a tree. Please only print this e-mail if it is genuinely required. 
From: Jean Luc Brunel  
Sent: Friday, October 23, 2009 3:06 PM 
To: Andrew Nikou 
Subject: <no subject> 
Hi Andrew, 
On an operating basis-yes, However, to recreatethe network,and current "assets",it would take 
2-3 years and more money than that. The businesses usually are valued at one times 
revenue. Most recent sales have been a small multiple of that. I am aware of the 
potential, as are you. If you prefer, we can structure it as a convertible preferred. I look 
forward to hearing from you. 
Best 
Jean Ilk 
End of Forwarded Message 
EFTA_R1_01512070 
EFTA02438736

