# EFTA02731721 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet12
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, March 13, 2024 9:10 AM
- **Subject:** 

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> and stayed at a hotel near Epstein's --brought her there and. dressed up "special" for Black and even used ribbons in her hair to match her skirt. When had a meltdown after Leon used large adult sex toys in her anus and she was bleeding and wanted to see a doctor-the reaction from Epstein, Maxwell and her parents was one of anger with her. This is why in her scrapbook for Year 16— at page 15, she says "I ruined their weekend"). scolded for ruining their NYC weekend and was concerned about not getting money. Her own parents are the ones who drove her from NYC back to Woodbridge Va. And

### Match 2
> e 15, she says "I ruined their weekend"). scolded for ruining their NYC weekend and was concerned about not getting money. Her own parents are the ones who drove her from NYC back to Woodbridge Va. And it was who brought (age 15) and her sister (then 12) down to Florida where they each met Maxwell in a hotel room, separately. Once Maxwell gave approval for , that is when she was sent to live at house (because. told her if you get caught, is going down, not me). Then she started to be sent to Epstein's PB residence, etc. There is more to the background re the and her grandfather, but a

### Match 3
> scolded for ruining their NYC weekend and was concerned about not getting money. Her own parents are the ones who drove her from NYC back to Woodbridge Va. And it was who brought (age 15) and her sister (then 12) down to Florida where they each met Maxwell in a hotel room, separately. Once Maxwell gave approval for , that is when she was sent to live at house (because. told her if you get caught, is going down, not me). Then she started to be sent to Epstein's PB residence, etc. There is more to the background re the and her grandfather, but as for Leon, I wanted you to know this. k
