# EFTA02530697

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|14 June 2010 21:54|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** ubject: Re: a great friend of mine„ very pretty„" she is my fu=ure ex wife, i know and she would love to see home On Mon, Jun 14, 2010 at 4:28 PM, The Duke < i»= wrote: Saw y=ur previous email, Who is Vera? Saw Jes in Harry's Bar. Will contact h=m in the morning. </=pan> A </=pan> HRH The Duke of York K= </=pan> F=om: Jeffrey Eps=ein [mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: 14 June 2010 21:54 To: The Duke Subject: if you can find time to show jes around with vera th=t would be fun„ he told me he ran into you tonight. The information contained in this communicatio

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, June 15, 2010 12:26 AM 
To: 
The Duke: 
Subject: 
Re: 
a great friend of mine„ very pretty„" 
she is my fu=ure ex wife, i know 
and she would love to see home 
On Mon, Jun 14, 2010 at 4:28 PM, The Duke <
i»= wrote: 
Saw y=ur previous email, Who is Vera? Saw Jes in Harry's Bar. Will contact h=m in the morning. 
</=pan> 
A 
</=pan> 
HRH The Duke of York K= 
</=pan> 
F=om: Jeffrey Eps=ein [mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 14 June 2010 21:54 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
if you can find time to show jes around with vera th=t would be fun„ he told me he ran into you tonight. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01673723 
EFTA02530697

The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy thi= communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01673724 
EFTA02530698

