# EFTA00020352 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> that effect is attached. This case is designated as a Wheel C case. By: Enclosure Respectfully submitted, AU REY STRAUSS Act g United States Attorney Assistant United States Attorneys Tel.: EFTA00020352 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. Unsealing Order 20 Cr. 330 Upon the application of the United States, by the Acting United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Audrey Strauss, by Assistant United States Attorney It is found that the Indictment in the above-captioned case is currently sealed and

### Match 2
> and remain unsealed pending further order of the Court. Dated: New York, New York July 2, 2020 HONORABLE ICATHARINE H. PARKER UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK EFTA00020353 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. ORDER 20 Cr. 330 ( ) (18 U.S.C. §§ 2422, 2423(a), 1623, 371, & 2.) AUDREY STRAUSS Acting United States Attorney. EFTA00020354

### Match 3
> that effect is attached. This case is designated as a Wheel C case. By: Enclosure Respectfully submitted, AU REY STRAUSS Act g United States Attorney Assistant United States Attorneys Tel.: EFTA00020352 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. Unsealing Order 20 Cr. 330 Upon the application of the United States, by the Acting United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Audrey Strauss, by Assistant United States Attorney It is found that the Indictment in the above-captioned case is currently se
