# EFTA02518220

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: foundation, mit, meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, August 29, 2014 9:09 PM To: Bill Gates; Larry Cohen read the proposed presenation re DAF. 1 = take at face value your suggestion to continue to email you though there =s no response. 2. the presentation is still born.. 3. =C2 If we assume three major points , you and your vas= experience, toughtful goals and the donors self interest.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, August 29, 2014 9:09 PM 
To: 
Bill Gates; Larry Cohen 
read the proposed presenation re DAF. 1 = take at face value your suggestion to continue to email you though there =s 
no response. 2. the presentation is still born.. 3. =C2 If we assume three major points , you and your vas= 
experience, toughtful goals and the donors self interest. =A0 I would estimate 10 to one on people initally focusing on 
their o=n self interest . How is this good for them, ( you are s=ggesting partnering with them ) . you will share your 
practical as w=ll as theoretical perspective on grand giving. They all intend=to give some to charity, but will also face 
the realization that each one=trying to create their own private foundation , in the end makes little se=se. as they all wilil 
search for the phantom foundation genius that has gr=nd giving experience. ( there are only a small handful ). they will 
=11 have the same reporting requirements, back office, grant making e.c. . Your idea of partnering relieves them of 
major burd=ns while maintaining their flexibility both giving and tax. .=C2 many more things to revamp . more helpful 
if we ta=k , as you know I don't really email much. fyi Katy =uemmler who i mentioned said she is doing some work for 
kinnect? . ( Latha= and Watkins„ she know brad smith ). do you=have any interest in meeting Bill Burns. ? If you can 
organize=to return to ny the week of the clinton initiative many people , you=might find interesting are going to be in 
town. 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized 
use,=disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is stri=tly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this commun=cation in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmailcom> , and destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 
EFTA_R1_01653777 
EFTA02518220

