# EFTA02429352

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.conn>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Fri Feb 26 07:25:36 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationegmaitcomlleevacation©gmaitcom] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 2/26/2010 3:26:16 PM Subject: Re: Indeed dear friend. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.conn> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Fri Feb 26 07:25:36 2010 Subject: congragulations on pattersons demise, when you finish the centerline deal , we should spend some time on the vi. I

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationegmaitcomlleevacation©gmaitcom] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 2/26/2010 3:26:16 PM Subject: Re: Indeed dear friend. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.conn> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Fri Feb 26 07:25:36 2010 Subject: congragulations on pattersons demise, when you finish the centerline deal , we should spend some time on the vi. I have some new info *t*t*t*t*t*t*t*****t*t*t*t*t*t***t***t*t***t*t*t*t*t*t*t*t* The information contained in this communication is conf

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationegmaitcomlleevacation©gmaitcom] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Fri 2/26/2010 3:26:16 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Indeed dear friend.
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.conn> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Fri Feb 26 07:25:36 2010 
Subject: 
congragulations on pattersons demise, when you finish the centerline deal , we should spend 
some time on the vi. I have some new info 
*t*t*t*t*t*t*t*****t*t*t*t*t*t***t***t*t***t*t*t*t*t*t*t*t* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1499003 
EFTA02429352

