# EFTA02439821

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Mon Jul 13 17:45:14 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.comj From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Tue 7/14/2009 3:56:13 PM Subject: RE: Re: pis send me schulte guys name.... From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationegmall.com] Sent: Tuesday, July 14, 2009 7:53 AM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: Re: great On The, Jul 14, 2009 at 7:50 AM, Dubin, Glenn •tz > wrote: I'm back to the

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.comj From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Tue 7/14/2009 3:56:13 PM Subject: RE: Re: pis send me schulte guys name.... From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationegmall.com] Sent: Tuesday, July 14, 2009 7:53 AM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: Re: great On The, Jul 14, 2009 at 7:50 AM, Dubin, Glenn •tz > wrote: I'm back to the house in about 2 hrs...I'll call you then. G From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Mon Jul 13 17:45:14 2009 Subject: when you get a chance,,, if you could call me,,, kirkland thinks

**[WORD]:** psteinueevacationagmail.comj From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Tue 7/14/2009 3:56:13 PM Subject: RE: Re: pis send me schulte guys name.... From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationegmall.com] Sent: Tuesday, July 14, 2009 7:53 AM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: Re: great On The, Jul 14, 2009 at 7:50 AM, Dubin, Glenn •tz > wrote: I'm back to the house in about 2 hrs...I'll call you then. G From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Mon Jul 13 17:45:14 2009 Subject: when you get a chance,,, if you could call me,,, kirkland thinks i should blw up the agreement, sue and add shulte, dan etc. they ca

**[WORD]:** ulte guys name.... From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationegmall.com] Sent: Tuesday, July 14, 2009 7:53 AM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: Re: great On The, Jul 14, 2009 at 7:50 AM, Dubin, Glenn •tz > wrote: I'm back to the house in about 2 hrs...I'll call you then. G From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Mon Jul 13 17:45:14 2009 Subject: when you get a chance,,, if you could call me,,, kirkland thinks i should blw up the agreement, sue and add shulte, dan etc. they can't see how i end up with less.. This c-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may cont

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.comj 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent 
Tue 7/14/2009 3:56:13 PM 
Subject: RE: Re: 
pis send me schulte guys name.... 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationegmall.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, July 14, 2009 7:53 AM 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Subject: Re: 
great 
On The, Jul 14, 2009 at 7:50 AM, Dubin, Glenn •tz
> wrote: 
I'm back to the house in about 2 hrs...I'll call you then. G 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: Mon Jul 13 17:45:14 2009 
Subject: 
when you get a chance,,, if you could call me,,, kirkland thinks i should blw up the agreement, 
sue and add shulte, dan etc. they can't see how i end up with less.. 
This c-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain 
confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by 
replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank 
you. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain 
confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. 
If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this 
e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01513601 
EFTA02439821

