# EFTA02440468

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, doctor, minor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmailcom>|
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Sat Jul 25 09:53:06 2009|
|Subject|Re: St. Tropez|

---

**[WORD]:** ggy Siegal a> wrote: Marjorie says I am not being nice enough to Denise's guests because I don't think they arc important. That is absolutely true. She says I have to make a hugh effort for the remainder of the trip and take a friendly pill. lffigh! I make Denise laugh all day. When I saw Glen Dubin at Club 55 yesterday, he said he was looking for a house for you.... and promised a wing for me...I would just require a broom closet near the kitchen. Went to the open market this morning with Dana Hammond, her 400 pound eight year old Charlotte, and her mean abusive doctor husband Patrick. He

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Fran: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Sat 7/25/2009 8:46:47 PM 
Subject 
Re: St. Tropez 
Title: Re: St. Tropez 
Marjorie has some and I will take tomorrow..at Tony Murray's party now...prononced Ma-ray. He is 90...but still active. 
Fireworks at midnight. xoxo Peg 
— Original Message —
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmailcom> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Sat Jul 25 09:53:06 2009 
Subject: Re: St. Tropez 
is anyone taking photos? i wold love to see a class photo 
On Sat, Jul 25, 2009 at 9:30 AM, Peggy Siegal a> 
wrote: 
Marjorie says I am not being nice enough to Denise's guests because I don't think they arc important. That is 
absolutely true. She says I have to make a hugh effort for the remainder of the trip and take a friendly pill. lffigh! I make 
Denise laugh all day. 
When I saw Glen Dubin at Club 55 yesterday, he said he was looking for a house for you.... and promised a wing for 
me...I would just require a broom closet near the kitchen. 
Went to the open market this morning with Dana Hammond, her 400 pound eight year old Charlotte, and her mean 
abusive doctor husband Patrick. He screamed at the kid that her sneakers smelled like rotten fish and she will never fmd a 
husband. 
The kid then wanted an ice cream and the father went beserk. ibis is what I am dealing with hem. 
We are having lunch on the boat with 30 more freaks with beaded swim wear...I am really having a great 
time...Marjorie and I laugh. 
I am now coming home Monday...would not miss Joan Collin's anniversary party for Arlene Dahl if my life depended 
on it. 
Taking Marjorie to Don Sofa's 260' boat this afternoon. Then I am going to visit Lady Astor and hop nob with the 
royal Brits...where I belong. 
The sun is getting to my mind. 
Went to a hippie costume party last night. I never say so many gorous girls in my life...the guys were hot too. 
Everyone is beautiful here. Everyone is very friendly and just wants to have fun. No one reads a newspaper or has a 
kindcl...but that's minor. This town is crying out for you. 
xoxo Peg 
EFTA_R1_01 514435 
EFTA02440468

