# EFTA02434278

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmaIl.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent|Tue Oct 27 06:38:36 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comfjeevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Tue 10/27/2009 11:31:25 AM Subject Re: I am coming from st lucia private. I arrive at about noon or so (give or take an hour). I am a featured speaker in the afternoon at the ft lauderdale boat show. Sarah already told me. I am coming back in another week or so and so she wants me to

**[WORD]:** I arrive at about noon or so (give or take an hour). I am a featured speaker in the afternoon at the ft lauderdale boat show. Sarah already told me. I am coming back in another week or so and so she wants me to reschedule for then. Thx. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmaIl.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L Sent: Tue Oct 27 06:38:36 2009 Subject: they scheduled a depo for me thurs„ when are you coming to fla. how are you getting here. private or commercial? *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attor

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comfjeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Tue 10/27/2009 11:31:25 AM 
Subject 
Re: 
I am coming from st lucia private. I arrive at about noon or so (give or take an hour). I am a featured speaker in 
the afternoon at the ft lauderdale boat show. Sarah already told me. I am coming back in another week or so 
and so she wants me to reschedule for then. Thx. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmaIl.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Sent: Tue Oct 27 06:38:36 2009 
Subject: 
they scheduled a depo for me thurs„ when are you coming to fla. how are you getting here. 
private or commercial? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01505850 
EFTA02434278

