# EFTA02624794

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, September 11, 2018 12:35 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: understood. On Tue, Sep 11, 2018 at 2:33 PM, Eva Dubin <eva@durinandco.com <mailto:eva@dubinandco.com» wrote: Ok© On Sep 11, 2018, at 7:23 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> wrote: how you doin On Tue, Sep 11, 2018 at 1:10 AM, Eva Dubin wrote:

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, September 11, 2018 12:35 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: understood. On Tue, Sep 11, 2018 at 2:33 PM, Eva Dubin <eva@durinandco.com <mailto:eva@dubinandco.com» wrote: Ok© On Sep 11, 2018, at 7:23 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> wrote: how you doin On Tue, Sep 11, 2018 at 1:10 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: Funeral in October P=ease note, my email address has changed to On S

**[FULL]:** M To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: understood. On Tue, Sep 11, 2018 at 2:33 PM, Eva Dubin <eva@durinandco.com <mailto:eva@dubinandco.com» wrote: Ok© On Sep 11, 2018, at 7:23 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> wrote: how you doin On Tue, Sep 11, 2018 at 1:10 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: Funeral in October P=ease note, my email address has changed to On Sep 10, 2018, at 7:05 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: Plans? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, September 11, 2018 12:35 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
understood. 
On Tue, Sep 11, 2018 at 2:33 PM, Eva Dubin <eva@durinandco.com <mailto:eva@dubinandco.com» wrote: 
Ok© 
On Sep 11, 2018, at 7:23 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> wrote: 
how you doin 
On Tue, Sep 11, 2018 at 1:10 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
Funeral in October 
P=ease note, my email address has changed to 
On Sep 10, 2018, at 7:05 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: 
Plans? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
=a> 
EFTA_R1_01835589 
EFTA02624794

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--0000000000005e99b2057597b3aa-- conversation-id 328869 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1536669293 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 852493 
2 
EFTA_R1_01835590 
EFTA02624795

