# EFTA02457435

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, July 9, 2016 12:27 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: of course On Sat, Jul 9, 2016 at 8:26 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: I might need a big favor.... A small thing to be =icked up on 85 and Madison .... I will know in 10 min... =ent from my iPhone On Jul 9, 2016, at 3:24 PM, jeffrey E. &l=;jeevacation@gm=il.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, July 9, 2016 12:27 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: of course On Sat, Jul 9, 2016 at 8:26 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: I might need a big favor.... A small thing to be =icked up on 85 and Madison .... I will know in 10 min... =ent from my iPhone On Jul 9, 2016, at 3:24 PM, jeffrey E. &l=;jeevacation@gm=il.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: new york On Sat, Jul 9, 2016 at 8:22 AM, Eva Dubin <MM

**[FULL]:** AM, Eva Dubin wrote: I might need a big favor.... A small thing to be =icked up on 85 and Madison .... I will know in 10 min... =ent from my iPhone On Jul 9, 2016, at 3:24 PM, jeffrey E. &l=;jeevacation@gm=il.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: new york On Sat, Jul 9, 2016 at 8:22 AM, Eva Dubin <MMI E rote: wrote: all good? =C2 please note The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, July 9, 2016 12:27 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
of course 
On Sat, Jul 9, 2016 at 8:26 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
I might need a big favor.... 
A small thing to be =icked up on 85 and Madison .... 
I will know in 10 min... 
=ent from my iPhone 
On Jul 9, 2016, at 3:24 PM, jeffrey E. &l=;jeevacation@gm=il.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
new york 
On Sat, Jul 9, 2016 at 8:22 AM, Eva Dubin <MMI
E 
rote: 
wrote: 
all good? 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
c=nstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or co=ying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you 
have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
EFTA_R1_01561249 
EFTA02457435

destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use =f the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclos=re or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication =n error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to =a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" 
target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai..com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged =may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailtoleevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
Th= information contained in this communication is confidential, may be at=orney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is inte=ded only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE =nauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any par= thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
receiv=d this communication in error, please notify us immediately by retur= e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and a=l copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights rese=ved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01561250 
EFTA02457436

