# EFTA02540481

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, June 13, 2011 9:34 AM To: afri xp Subject: Re: Re: Travel uncertain for the moment , ny very busy. Gates now wants to send a to=m to you to organize municipal finance for poor related projects . I have n= opinion .see forwarded email. I should set up a face to face when convenie=t . Sent from my iPad On Jun 13, 2011, at 3:32 AM, "afri xp " <afrixp@hotmail.com> wrote: > Thanks a lot and what's'ur t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, June 13, 2011 9:34 AM 
To: 
afri xp 
Subject: 
Re: Re: 
Travel uncertain for the moment , ny very busy. Gates now wants to send a to=m to you to organize municipal finance 
for poor related projects . I have n= opinion .see forwarded email. I should set up a face to face when convenie=t . 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jun 13, 2011, at 3:32 AM, "afri xp " <afrixp@hotmail.com> wrote: 
> Thanks a lot and what's'ur travel plans. Cu 
> 
Envoye avec BlackBerry° d'Orange 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
> Date: Sun, 12 Jun 2011 15:03:23 
> To: al 
> Subject: 
> I really appreciate our new friendship. There is so much to do.. i am o=ganizing things as we discussed. 
> --
>  
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and 
> is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
> unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please 
> notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
> jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gm=ilcom> , and destroy 
> this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
> copyright -all rights reserved 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>188603</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1307957582</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
EFTA_R1_01689357 
EFTA02540481

<string>161292</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01689358 
EFTA02540482

