# EFTA02559518

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Kelly Friendly|
|To|Lawrence Henry Summers|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** ies to my office at: Follow me on twit=er Begin forwarded message: EFTA_R1_01719906 EFTA02559518 From: Kelly Friendly Date: December 2, 2017 at 8:16:13 AM EST To: Lawrence Henry Summers Subject: Fwd: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? Did you see this Begin forwarded message: From: Andrew Friendly Date: December 2 2017 at 7:29:07 AM EST To: Kelly Friendly Subject: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? https://www.facebook.com/senatorsanderskide=s/10156545332157908/ <https://www.facebook.com/senatorsanders/videos/101565453321.7908/> please note The information contained in

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, December 2, 2017 2:51 PM 
To: 
Larry Summers 
Subject: 
Re: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? 
On Sat, Dec 2, 2017 at 9:30 AM, Larry Summers <=pan dir="ltr"> 
> wrote: 
I don't know whether to laugh or cry 
Sent from my iPhone 
Please direct all scheduling inquiries to my office at: 
Follow me on twit=er 
On Dec 2, 2017, at 9:29 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> wrote: 
like the hunt for easter eggs. your friend andrew ha= so far only found one . and it was brighly colored 
:) 
On Sat, Dec 2, 2017 at 9:23 AM, Larry Summers 
> wrote: 
nn 
Se=t from my iPhone 
Please direct all scheduling inquiries to my office at: 
Follow me on twit=er 
Begin forwarded message: 
EFTA_R1_01719906 
EFTA02559518

From: Kelly Friendly 
Date: December 2, 2017 at 8:16:13 AM EST 
To: Lawrence Henry Summers 
Subject: Fwd: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? 
Did you see this 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Andrew Friendly 
Date: December 2 2017 at 7:29:07 AM EST 
To: Kelly Friendly 
Subject: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? 
https://www.facebook.com/senatorsanderskide=s/10156545332157908/ 
<https://www.facebook.com/senatorsanders/videos/101565453321.7908/> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01719907 
EFTA02559519

=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a114f697e3008cd055f5c9c2d-- conversation-id 905 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1512226245 flags 
8590195717 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 774333 
3 
EFTA_R1_01719908 
EFTA02559520

