# EFTA02463474

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, May 11, 2016 9:47 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: paris, now awake? go wtih glen to =sland. <=r> On Wed, May 11, 2016 at 3:44 AM, Eva Dubin IMINIM IMEMIIIMIM > wrote: Sleeping?? Sent from my iPhone On May 10, 2016, at 4:20 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com» wrote: on my cell =AO please note

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, May 11, 2016 9:47 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: paris, now awake? go wtih glen to =sland. <=r> On Wed, May 11, 2016 at 3:44 AM, Eva Dubin IMINIM IMEMIIIMIM > wrote: Sleeping?? Sent from my iPhone On May 10, 2016, at 4:20 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com» wrote: on my cell =AO please note The information contained in this commu=ication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, May 11, 2016 9:47 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
paris, now awake? go wtih glen to =sland. 
<=r> 
On Wed, May 11, 2016 at 3:44 AM, Eva Dubin IMINIM
IMEMIIIMIM 
> wrote: 
Sleeping?? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 10, 2016, at 4:20 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com» wrote: 
on my cell 
=AO please note 
The information contained in this commu=ication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
cons=itute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addre=see. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copyi=g of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
a=d may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pl=ase notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, a=d 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all a=tachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_01570476 
EFTA02463474

communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.comq=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01570477 
EFTA02463475

