# EFTA00031965 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** '
- **To:** "
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: SDNY case

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> cha/Magistrat de liaison americain U.S. Embassy, Paris Subject: RE: SDNY case wrote: (USANYS)" EFTA00031965 Ofc. (33) (0)1 43 12 22 14 Mob. (33) (0)6 13 36 16 86 From: Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 8:29 PM (CRM) To: Cc: Subject: RE: SDNY case Hi S (USANYS) I hope you're doing well. Ghislaine Maxwell is filing a renewed bail application on Monday, and we expect that the motion will raise issues relating to the possibility of extradition from France. Are you available for a call on Monday for a few questions? I know we discussed this issue over the summer, and it would be very helpful to ask a

### Match 2
> cha/Magistrat de liaison americain U.S. Embassy, Paris Subject: RE: SDNY case wrote: (USANYS)" EFTA00031965 Ofc. (33) (0)1 43 12 22 14 Mob. (33) (0)6 13 36 16 86 From: Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 8:29 PM (CRM) To: Cc: Subject: RE: SDNY case Hi S (USANYS) I hope you're doing well. Ghislaine Maxwell is filing a renewed bail application on Monday, and we expect that the motion will raise issues relating to the possibility of extradition from France. Are you available for a call on Monday for a few questions? I know we discussed this issue over the summer, and it would be very helpful

### Match 3
> y to explain the timeline and issues. That way, we can forward him the filing when it comes in and he'll be prepped to look into it. Sent from my iPhone On Dec 6, 2020, at 6:43 PM, ) < > wrote: Yes, but I think it would make more sense to schedule this call for Tuesday so that we already have Maxwell's bail application when we speak with him. On Dec 5, 2020, at 12:02 PM, Does that work for you? Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: ' (CRM)" < Date: December 5, 2020 at 2:32:23 AM EST To: " Cc: ' Sure. How about noon on Monday? DOJ Attacha/Magistrat de liaison americain

### Match 4
> rally, and it would be helpful to discuss. EFTA00031966 Thanks very much, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York One Saint Plaza New York, NY 10007 Sent from my tPhone On Jul 8, 2020, at 11:21 AM, (CRM) c › wrote: I am putting you in touch with who is working the Maxwell/Epstein matter in SDNY. She has some questions about the probably of extraditing someone from France who has dual US/French citizenship. Thx, EFTA00031967
