# EFTA02214044

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff a|
|To|George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel)|
|Sent|Friday, June 02, 2017 4:51 PM|
|Subject|Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin|

---

**[FULL]:** To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel l From: Lesley Groff Sent: Mon 6/5/2017 4:58:47 PM Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin Hello Liz. Any luck with 4 tickets for Eva?? On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:51 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz GrobcI) wrote: Great. Thank you. I'll be back to you ASAP. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19" Floor New York, NY 10174 From: Les

**[FULL]:** wrote: Great. Thank you. I'll be back to you ASAP. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19" Floor New York, NY 10174 From: Lesley Groff a Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 4:51 PM To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin she would like an evening performance on only one of the days I have given you...so which ever date you still hold 4 very good house scats, we will take that evening performance...(this being said, July 2nd is out considering it is only a matinee) On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:48 PM, George Lane Asst (

**[FULL]:** rence. Thanks. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency EFTA_R1_00939961 EFTA02214044 405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor New York, NY 10174 From: Lesley Groff mailto Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 12:51 PM To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. We would like 4 tickets for the best seats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think have the best seats for an evening show: June 20,21,23,25,29 July 1,2 Name should be for Eva Dubin at Will Call Credit CARD: Ame

**[FULL]:** iz Grobel) Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. We would like 4 tickets for the best seats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think have the best seats for an evening show: June 20,21,23,25,29 July 1,2 Name should be for Eva Dubin at Will Call Credit CARD: Amex Jeffrey Epstein 6/21 9 East 71st Street NY, NY 10021 # on back of card is Let me know what works! thank you, Lesley On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) a wrote: Dear Lesley, Bait Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on B

**[FULL]:** ein 6/21 9 East 71st Street NY, NY 10021 # on back of card is Let me know what works! thank you, Lesley On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) a wrote: Dear Lesley, Bait Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway. I am happy to arrange house seats for Eva Dubin. House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance date. The full show schedule is viewable at this link: httolAinvw.ict.oroishoves/oslo-broadwavischedulei Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to submit your request. EFTA_R1_00939962 EFTA02214045 Date

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel
l 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Mon 6/5/2017 4:58:47 PM 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
Hello Liz. Any luck with 4 tickets for Eva?? 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:51 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz GrobcI) 
wrote: 
Great. Thank you. I'll be back to you ASAP. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19" Floor 
New York, NY 10174 
From: Lesley Groff a 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 4:51 PM 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
she would like an evening performance on only one of the days I have given 
you...so which ever date you still hold 4 very good house scats, we will take that 
evening performance...(this being said, July 2nd is out considering it is only a 
matinee) 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:48 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobc1) 
wrote: 
Hi Lesley, 
On June 21°, are you requesting the matinee or evening performance? 
Please note that July 1.1 there is a matinee and evening performance and 
July 2n0 is only a matinee. Let me know if you have a preference. Thanks. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
EFTA_R1_00939961 
EFTA02214044

405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor 
New York, NY 10174 
From: Lesley Groff mailto 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 12:51 PM 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. 
We would like 4 tickets for the best seats possible (top price is fine!) 
for any of the following nights you think have the best seats for an 
evening show: 
June 20,21,23,25,29 
July 1,2 
Name should be for Eva Dubin at Will Call 
Credit CARD: 
Amex 
Jeffrey Epstein 
6/21 
9 East 71st Street 
NY, NY 10021 
# on back of card is 
Let me know what works! thank you, Lesley 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz 
Grobel) a 
wrote: 
Dear Lesley, 
Bait Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on 
Broadway. I am happy to arrange house seats for Eva Dubin. 
House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance date. The full 
show schedule is viewable at this 
link: httolAinvw.ict.oroishoves/oslo-broadwavischedulei 
Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to submit your 
request. 
EFTA_R1_00939962 
EFTA02214045

Date and Time of performance: 
# of tickets: 
Name at will-call: 
Name as it appears on credit card: 
Credit card #: 
Expiration date: 
Security code: 
Full Billing Address: 
Please note that there are no refunds or exchanges on house seats. Please let me 
know if you have any questions, thanks! 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is 
not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for 
delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that any use dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying 
of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended 
recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use dissemination, forwarding, 
printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the 
employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any use dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly 
prohibited. 
EFTA_R1_00939963 
EFTA02214046

