# EFTA00021008 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Letter RECEIVED"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> py of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/23/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: LETTER, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, <EDIT by Clerk's Office> RECEIVED. Service date 09/23/2020 by CM/ECF.[2937071] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Assistant U.S. Attorne : Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Deputy Clerk Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are associated with this transact

### Match 2
> py of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/23/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: LETTER, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, <EDIT by Clerk's Office> RECEIVED. Service date 09/23/2020 by CM/ECF.[2937071] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Assistant U.S. Attorne : Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Deputy Clerk Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are associated with this

### Match 3
> From: To: Subject: 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Letter RECEIVED" Date: Wed, 23 Sep 2020 18:46:51 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electronically, if

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/23/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: LETTER, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, <EDIT by Clerk's Office> RECEIVED. Service date 09/23/2020 by CM/ECF.[2937071] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Assistant U.S. Attorne : Notice will be stored in th
