# EFTA02370984

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: Friday, February 28, 2014 1:34 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Where are you? Just had a meeting on Woody's new film that he acts in that John Tuturro directed. Andrew Saffir has been calling the studio since dec...pretending to have sponsorship...and is about to get it unless I can come up with more and better money. I am calling Tuturrow's agent right now and getting back to you. It's the film Woody plays a pimp. Premiere is Friday, April 11 which is the on

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Friday, February 28, 2014 1:34 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Where are you? 
Just had a meeting on Woody's new film that he acts in that John Tuturro directed. Andrew Saffir has been calling the 
studio since dec...pretending to have sponsorship...and is about to get it unless I can come up with more and better 
money. 
I am calling Tuturrow's agent right now and getting back to you. It's the film Woody plays a pimp. Premiere is Friday, 
April 11 which is the only date Vanessa Paridso...ex wife of Jonny Depp is available in NYC. I could also do a press 
conference lunch. Woody is not expected to attend anything. His play opend April 10th. This is for april 11 so maybe 
you are in NYC. 
Can I call you? Peg 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version="1.0"> 
<clict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1393551226</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195717</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox<Aey> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>392472</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01373324 
EFTA02370984

