# EFTA00027169 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 18

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> 0007 Haddon. Morgan and Foreman, P.0 Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 150 East I Oth Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 PH 303.831.7364 EX 303.832.2628 wvv.hmftaw.com jpogliucatihmflaw.com Re: United States v. Ghisiaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Response to Dkt. No. 227, Government's April 21.2021 Letter re Ms. Maxwell's Motions to Suppress Dear Judge Nathan: We write in response to the government's letter about Ms. Maxwell's pending motions to suppress and request for evidentiary hearing (Dkt. No. 227), and this Court's order stating an intent to defer resolution of those motions and that request until afte

### Match 2
> 303.831.7364 EX 303.832.2628 wvv.hmftaw.com jpogliucatihmflaw.com Re: United States v. Ghisiaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Response to Dkt. No. 227, Government's April 21.2021 Letter re Ms. Maxwell's Motions to Suppress Dear Judge Nathan: We write in response to the government's letter about Ms. Maxwell's pending motions to suppress and request for evidentiary hearing (Dkt. No. 227), and this Court's order stating an intent to defer resolution of those motions and that request until after the trial on the non- perjury counts (Dkt. No. 231). Although we appreciate the need to streamline the pretr

### Match 3
> at request until after the trial on the non- perjury counts (Dkt. No. 231). Although we appreciate the need to streamline the pretrial process and the desire to efficiently resolve the pending disputes, we do not agree that the government's letter provides an adequate basis to defer resolution of Ms. Maxwell's motions. We understand the Court's desire to maintain the status quo relating to the defense motions, but the government's response gives Ms. Maxwell no confidence that the government shares this understanding. Indeed, the government's vague assurances are insufficient to safeguard Ms. Maxwel

### Match 4
> sire to efficiently resolve the pending disputes, we do not agree that the government's letter provides an adequate basis to defer resolution of Ms. Maxwell's motions. We understand the Court's desire to maintain the status quo relating to the defense motions, but the government's response gives Ms. Maxwell no confidence that the government shares this understanding. Indeed, the government's vague assurances are insufficient to safeguard Ms. Maxwell's constitutional rights, to guarantee the government will not benefit from its unconstitutional conduct, and to ensure that Ms. Maxwell's is not depriv

### Match 5
> s. Maxwell's motions. We understand the Court's desire to maintain the status quo relating to the defense motions, but the government's response gives Ms. Maxwell no confidence that the government shares this understanding. Indeed, the government's vague assurances are insufficient to safeguard Ms. Maxwell's constitutional rights, to guarantee the government will not benefit from its unconstitutional conduct, and to ensure that Ms. Maxwell's is not deprived of due process through the introduction and use of evidence that itself was obtained in violation of due process. EFTA00027169 Case 1:20-cr-

### Match 6
> response gives Ms. Maxwell no confidence that the government shares this understanding. Indeed, the government's vague assurances are insufficient to safeguard Ms. Maxwell's constitutional rights, to guarantee the government will not benefit from its unconstitutional conduct, and to ensure that Ms. Maxwell's is not deprived of due process through the introduction and use of evidence that itself was obtained in violation of due process. EFTA00027169 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 234 Filed 04/22/21 Page 2 of 5 The Hon. Alison J. Nathan April 22, 2021 Page 2 The government says that this Court

### Match 7
> of due process through the introduction and use of evidence that itself was obtained in violation of due process. EFTA00027169 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 234 Filed 04/22/21 Page 2 of 5 The Hon. Alison J. Nathan April 22, 2021 Page 2 The government says that this Court need not resolve Ms. Maxwell's motions to suppress or hold an evidentiary hearing before the trial on the non-perjury counts because it "does not intend to use these materials"—i.e., any of the materials subject to the suppression motions—"in its case-in-chief at the trial of the non-perjury counts in this case." (Dkt. No.

### Match 8
> rnment's representation is not good enough, and its reservation of rights is misplaced. It is not enough for the government to represent that it "does not intend to use [the suppression] materials in its case-in-chief at the trial of the non-perjury counts in this case." Id. at 1. That's because Ms. Maxwell's motions to suppress allege violations of the due process clause, the Fourth Amendment, the Fifth Amendment, and the Second Circuit's decision in Martindell v. International Tel. & Tel. Corp., 594 F.2d 291 (2d Cir. 1979). If this Court agrees with Ms. Maxwell's arguments, not only will it suppr

### Match 9
> is case." Id. at 1. That's because Ms. Maxwell's motions to suppress allege violations of the due process clause, the Fourth Amendment, the Fifth Amendment, and the Second Circuit's decision in Martindell v. International Tel. & Tel. Corp., 594 F.2d 291 (2d Cir. 1979). If this Court agrees with Ms. Maxwell's arguments, not only will it suppress all 90,000-some pages of material the government improperly obtained through its ex pane subpoena, it will also suppress all evidence derived therefrom. See Wong Sun v. United States, 371 U.S. 471, 488 (1963); United States v. Bailey, 743 F.3d 322, 341-42 (

### Match 10
> so suppress all evidence derived therefrom. See Wong Sun v. United States, 371 U.S. 471, 488 (1963); United States v. Bailey, 743 F.3d 322, 341-42 (2d Cir. 2014). The government thus cannot avoid inquiry into its conduct simply by pledging not to use the material itself in its case-in-chief. If Ms. Maxwell is right—and an evidentiary hearing will show that she is—the government also cannot use any evidence it obtained "by exploitation of the illegality." See Wong Sun, 371 U.S. at 488. What's more, "the burden of proof on [an] attenuation claim is on the government." United States v. Ghailani, 743
