# EFTA02523425

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** uary 22, 2018 6:42 PM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Gates family office Hello, how are you? I haven'=t been around the east coast much hence I've dropped a bit off the map= that should change in a few months. Anyway, I'm looking at potentiall= investing into a company called Rubica and apparently Bill Gates' fam=ly office is leading the round. Do I remember correctly that you know the =erson that runs that? If so, any chance I can talk to him about this compa=y? Th=nk you, Vincenzo 1 EFTA_R1_01662020 EFTA02523425

**[WORD]:** From: Vincenzo lozzo Sent: Thursday, February 22, 2018 6:42 PM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Gates family office Hello, how are you? I haven'=t been around the east coast much hence I've dropped a bit off the map= that should change in a few months. Anyway, I'm looking at potentiall= investing into a company called Rubica and apparently Bill Gates' fam=ly office is leading the round. Do I r

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Vincenzo lozzo 
Sent: 
Thursday, February 22, 2018 6:42 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Gates family office 
Hello, 
how are you? I haven'=t been around the east coast much hence I've dropped a bit off the map= that should change in a 
few months. 
Anyway, I'm looking at potentiall= investing into a company called Rubica and apparently Bill Gates' fam=ly office is 
leading the round. Do I remember correctly that you know the =erson that runs that? If so, any chance I can talk to him 
about this compa=y? 
Th=nk you, 
Vincenzo 
1 
EFTA_R1_01662020 
EFTA02523425

