# EFTA02385399

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey =pstein (mailto:jeevacation@gmailcorni|
|To|Matthew I. Menchel|
|Sent|Friday, June 14, 2013 10:22 AM|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** w I. Menchel Sent: Thursday, June 27, 2013 9:26 PM To: 'Jeffrey Epstein' Subject: RE: Re: I was wondering if you mi=ht be able to provide me with the name of a good financial advisor. =bviously, I'm speaking of someone who advises people like me not someone like you, who advises people like Bill Gates. I'm =bout to buy a build a home in Florida but want to also make sure I will ha=e enough discretionary income to invest for my retirement, my son's =chooling etc. Matthew I. Menchel KOBRE & KIM LLP=/o:p> www.kobrekim.com <http://www.kobre=im.com> New York I Lond=n I Hong Kong I Washington DC

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Matthew I. Menchel 
Sent: 
Thursday, June 27, 2013 9:26 PM 
To: 
'Jeffrey Epstein' 
Subject: 
RE: Re: 
I was wondering if you mi=ht be able to provide me with the name of a good financial advisor. =bviously, I'm speaking of 
someone who advises people like me not someone like you, who advises people like Bill Gates. I'm =bout to buy a build 
a home in Florida but want to also make sure I will ha=e enough discretionary income to invest for my retirement, my 
son's =chooling etc. 
Matthew I. Menchel 
KOBRE & KIM LLP=/o:p> 
www.kobrekim.com <http://www.kobre=im.com> 
New York I Lond=n I Hong Kong I Washington DC I Miami&=bsp; I Cayman Islands I BVI 
cr.p> 
From: Jeffrey =pstein (mailto:jeevacation@gmailcorni 
Sent: Friday, June 14, 2013 10:22 AM 
To: Matthew I. Menchel 
Subject: Re: 
lets try to catch up 
On Fri, Jun 14, 2013 at 4:14 PM, Matthew I. Menchel =It; 
Ca 
wrote:
EFTA_R1_01403986 
EFTA02385399

You live a tough life. How do you=handle it? I'm in NY next week and will probably be back a cou=le of more times. I'll 
also be spending some time in Beaver Creek=in July. 
Matthew I. Menchel 
KOBRE & KIM LLP 
www.kobrekim.com <http://www.kobrekim.com> 
New York I London I &nbs=; Hong Kong I Washington DC I Miami 
=ayman Islands I BVI 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (mailt=:jeevacation@gm=il.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> J 
Sent: Thursday, June 13, 2013 11:56 AM 
To: Matthew I. Menchel 
Subject: 
where are you this summer? I am currently in paris 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01403987 
EFTA02385400

This e-mail message is from Kobre & Kim LLP, a law firm, and may c=ntain legally privileged and/or confidential 
information. If the reader of=this message is not the intended recipient(s), or the employee or agent re=ponsible for 
delivering the message to the intended recipient(s), you are =ereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
copying of this e-m=il message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in er=or, please notify the sender 
immediately and delete this e-mail message an= any attachments from your computer without retaining a copy.4=re> 
IRS Circular 230 disclosure: Any tax advice contained in this communic=tion (including any attachments or enclosures) 
was not intended or written=to be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties =nder the Internal 
Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommendin= to another party any transaction or matter addressed in 
this communicatio=. (The foregoing disclaimer has been affixed pursuant to U.S. Treasury reg=lations governing tax 
practitioners.) 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This e-mail message is from Kobre & Kim LLP, a law firm, and may contain =egally privileged and/or confidential 
information. If the reader of this=message is not the intended recipient(s), or the employee or agent respo=sible for 
delivering the message to the intended recipient(s), you are h=reby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
copying of this e-=ail message is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in=error, please notify the sender 
immediately and delete this e-mail messa=e and any attachments from your computer without retaining a copy. 
IRS Circular 230 disclosure: Any tax advice contained in this communicati=n (including any attachments or enclosures) 
was not intended or written =o be used, and cannot be used, for the purpose of (i) avoiding penalties=under the Internal 
Revenue Code or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommen=ing to another party any transaction or matter addressed in 
this communi=ation. (The foregoing disclaimer has been affixed pursuant to U.S. Treas=ry regulations governing tax 
practitioners.) 
=0 
3 
EFTA_R1_01403988 
EFTA02385401

