# EFTA02546905

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|</=>Eva Dubin|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** onday night„ so j=cob will be here. but///// On Sun, Nov 2=, 2011 at 9:04 AM, c > wrote: Coming to meet my future husban= tonight, right? Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile F=om: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Date: Sun, 20 Nov 2011 08:29:35 -0500 To: </=>Eva Dubin <mailt > > Subject: today? =/div>-- confidential, may be=attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part th=reo

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sunday, November 20, 2011 2:07 PM 
Re: 
probabaly„ but sean parker now changed till tuesday or monday night„ so j=cob will be here. but///// 
On Sun, Nov 2=, 2011 at 9:04 AM, c
> wrote: 
Coming to meet my future husban= tonight, right? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
F=om: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Sun, 20 Nov 2011 08:29:35 -0500 
To: </=>Eva Dubin 
<mailt 
> > 
Subject: 
today? 
=/div>--
confidential, may be=attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or=by e-mail to je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information ca=tained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may 
EFTA_R1_01701037 
EFTA02546905

constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01701038 
EFTA02546906

