# EFTA00015720 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 21-770 United States of America v. Maxwell "Acknowledgment and Notice of Appearance FILED"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/05/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-770 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND NOTICE OF APPEARANCE, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 04/05/2021 by CMIECF.[3070408] [21-770] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Assistant U.S. Attome David Oscar Markus, -: Deputy Clerk: Deputy Clerk Quality Control 1 Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: The following document(s) are associated with this t

### Match 2
> first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/05/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-770 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND NOTICE OF APPEARANCE, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 04/05/2021 by CMIECF.[3070408] [21-770] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Assistant U.S. Attome David Oscar Markus, -: Deputy Clerk: Deputy Clerk Quality Control 1 Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: The following document(s) are associated wit

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> To: Subject: 21-770 United States of America v. Maxwell "Acknowledgment and Notice of Appearance FILED" Date: Mon, 05 Apr 2021 18:03:09 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all docum

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/05/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-770 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND NOTICE OF APPEARANCE, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 04/05/2021 by CMIECF.[3070408] [21-770] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Assistant U.S. Attome David Oscar Markus, -: Depu
