# EFTA02489489

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, September 10, 2015 11:42 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: is there more advanaced techniques in the states the= abdomnialy On Fri, Sep 11, 2015 at 1:21 AM, Eva Dubin < 1=» wrote: ok Whatever she feels more comfortable with. My=ctomy with a total hysterectomy and oopherectomy. Date: Fr=, 11 Sep 2015 00:44:06 +0200 Subject: Re: From:

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, September 10, 2015 11:42 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: is there more advanaced techniques in the states the= abdomnialy On Fri, Sep 11, 2015 at 1:21 AM, Eva Dubin < 1=» wrote: ok Whatever she feels more comfortable with. My=ctomy with a total hysterectomy and oopherectomy. Date: Fr=, 11 Sep 2015 00:44:06 +0200 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoie=vacation@gmail.com> To: she wants to do it in belaurs , ab=ooinally so that recovery would

**[FULL]:** tomy. Date: Fr=, 11 Sep 2015 00:44:06 +0200 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoie=vacation@gmail.com> To: she wants to do it in belaurs , ab=ooinally so that recovery would be at home i didnt know =hether more advnaced techniques exist in newyrk On =hu, Sep 10, 2015 at 11:20 PM, Eva Dubin =span> wrote: Okay, when is she coming to town? Lets talk abo=t this on the phone tomorrow. Date: Thu, 10 Sep 2015=22:51:47 +0200 Subject: From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m> To: karyna mom needs to do a meyectomy , with uterus an= ovaries out. . plea=e note EFTA_R1_

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, September 10, 2015 11:42 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
is there more advanaced techniques in the states the= abdomnialy 
On Fri, Sep 11, 2015 at 1:21 AM, Eva Dubin <
1=» wrote: 
ok 
Whatever she feels more comfortable with. 
My=ctomy with a total hysterectomy and oopherectomy. 
Date: Fr=, 11 Sep 2015 00:44:06 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoie=vacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
she wants to do it in belaurs , ab=ooinally so that recovery would be at home i didnt know =hether more 
advnaced techniques exist in newyrk 
On =hu, Sep 10, 2015 at 11:20 PM, Eva Dubin 
=span> wrote: 
Okay, when is she coming to town? Lets talk abo=t this on the phone tomorrow. 
Date: Thu, 10 Sep 2015=22:51:47 +0200 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m> 
To: 
karyna mom needs to do a meyectomy , with uterus an= ovaries out. . 
plea=e note 
EFTA_R1_01610025 
EFTA02489489

The information contained in this communication is 
confi=ential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside inform=tion, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the prop=rty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
commun=cation or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. =f you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immed=ately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> , and 
destroy this c=mmunication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrigh= -all rights reserved 
=C2* 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only =or 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthoriz=d use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
return e-mail o= by e-mail to j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies =hereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is 
confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If =ou have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and 
2 
EFTA_R1_01610026 
EFTA02489490

destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01610027 
EFTA02489491

