# EFTA00015345 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "Robert Y. Lewis"
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** [EXTERNAL] USA v. Maxwell -- 20-CR-330 (AIN)

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> XTERNAL] USA v. Maxwell -- 20-CR-330 (AIN) Date: Wed, 27 Oct 2021 18:52:02 +0000 Inline-Images: Outlook-jinknu5v.png; Outlook-NCVBA.png Dear Ms. and Mr. Pecorino: I represent a victim of the sex trafficking crimes alleged to have been perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein and his alleged lieutenant Ghislaine Maxwell. Ms. was one of the Epstein victims who spoke to deliver a victim impact statement in front of Judge Berman on August 29, 2019, when Judge Berman dismissed the Epstein indictment due to Epstein's apparent suicide. As you know, the criminal trial of Ms. Maxwell is scheduled to commence on Novemb

### Match 2
> XTERNAL] USA v. Maxwell -- 20-CR-330 (AIN) Date: Wed, 27 Oct 2021 18:52:02 +0000 Inline-Images: Outlook-jinknu5v.png; Outlook-NCVBA.png Dear Ms. and Mr. Pecorino: I represent a victim of the sex trafficking crimes alleged to have been perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein and his alleged lieutenant Ghislaine Maxwell. Ms. was one of the Epstein victims who spoke to deliver a victim impact statement in front of Judge Berman on August 29, 2019, when Judge Berman dismissed the Epstein indictment due to Epstein's apparent suicide. As you know, the criminal trial of Ms. Maxwell is scheduled to commence o

### Match 3
> n and his alleged lieutenant Ghislaine Maxwell. Ms. was one of the Epstein victims who spoke to deliver a victim impact statement in front of Judge Berman on August 29, 2019, when Judge Berman dismissed the Epstein indictment due to Epstein's apparent suicide. As you know, the criminal trial of Ms. Maxwell is scheduled to commence on November 29, 2021 before Judge Nathan. Ms. would like to attend the trial. Could you please advise me as to what protocols will be followed for obtaining admission to the trial either in the courtroom or the overflow rooms. Ms. is travelling from so it is important

### Match 4
> From: "Robert Y. Lewis" To: Cc: James It. Marsh" <jamesmars*marsh.law> Subject: [EXTERNAL] USA v. Maxwell -- 20-CR-330 (AIN) Date: Wed, 27 Oct 2021 18:52:02 +0000 Inline-Images: Outlook-jinknu5v.png; Outlook-NCVBA.png Dear Ms. and Mr. Pecorino: I represent a victim of the sex trafficking crimes alleged to have been perpetrated by Jeffrey Epstein and his alleged lieutenant Ghislaine Maxwell. Ms.
