# EFTA02723704

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Jul 16, 2011, at 7:15 AM, Peter Mandelson wrote: > And r u in Paris next weekend? > From: Jeffrey Epstein (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] > Sent: Saturday, July 16, 2011 03:09 PM > To: Peter Mandelson > Subject: Re: <no subject> > spent the day with Gates , in seattle. having monstrous fun > On Sat Jul 16, 2011 at 6:33 AM, Peter Mandelson wrote: > What u doing ? Home. > The information contained in this communication is > confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may > constitute inside information, and is intended only for > the use o

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Peter Mandelson 
From: 
Jeffrey epstein 
Sent 
Sat 7/16/2011 4:19:13 PM 
Subject: 
Re: <no subject> 
No 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 16, 2011, at 7:15 AM, Peter Mandelson 
wrote: 
> And r u in Paris next weekend? 
> From: Jeffrey Epstein (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
> Sent: Saturday, July 16, 2011 03:09 PM 
> To: Peter Mandelson 
> Subject: Re: <no subject> 
> spent the day with Gates , in seattle. having monstrous fun 
> On Sat Jul 16, 2011 at 6:33 AM, Peter Mandelson 
wrote: 
> What u doing ? Home. 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_02209895 
EFTA02723704

