# EFTA02656596

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Monday, March 20, 2017 3:43 AM To: Karyna Shuliak Cc: Eva Dubin; Jeffrey Subject: Re: Emergency room for the island Let me think about it.... Maybe we should discuss over the phone... Please note, my email address has changed to > On Mar 19, 2017, at 7:53 PM, Karyna Shulia r=te:

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Monday, March 20, 2017 3:43 AM To: Karyna Shuliak Cc: Eva Dubin; Jeffrey Subject: Re: Emergency room for the island Let me think about it.... Maybe we should discuss over the phone... Please note, my email address has changed to > On Mar 19, 2017, at 7:53 PM, Karyna Shulia r=te: > Probably better if someone flies down there to get a better understanding=

**[FULL]:** ould discuss over the phone... Please note, my email address has changed to > On Mar 19, 2017, at 7:53 PM, Karyna Shulia r=te: > Probably better if someone flies down there to get a better understanding=of the room and the environment. Jeffrey, what do you think? » On Mar 19, 2017, at 4:58 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: » Someone to consult with in person/ on the phone.... or someone to fly do=n there and set it up...? » Please note, my email address has changed to >» On Mar 19, 2017, at 4:39 PM, Karyna Shuliak =rote: >>> >» Hi Eva! >>> >» Hope you are well and enjoying the weekend. >» >» Eva, we

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Monday, March 20, 2017 3:43 AM 
To: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Cc: 
Eva Dubin; Jeffrey 
Subject: 
Re: Emergency room for the island 
Let me think about it.... 
Maybe we should discuss over the phone... 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
> On Mar 19, 2017, at 7:53 PM, Karyna Shulia
r=te: 
> Probably better if someone flies down there to get a better understanding=of the room and the environment. Jeffrey, 
what do you think? 
» On Mar 19, 2017, at 4:58 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
» Someone to consult with in person/ on the phone.... or someone to fly do=n there and set it up...? 
» Please note, my email address has changed to 
>» On Mar 19, 2017, at 4:39 PM, Karyna Shuliak 
=rote: 
>>> 
>» Hi Eva! 
>>> 
>» Hope you are well and enjoying the weekend. 
>» 
>» Eva, we need your help please... Jeffrey would like to have a fully equ=pped emergency room on his island. I wanted 
to ask if you might think of a=person/people who might be able to help us to do this right? 
>» Please let me know what you think... 
>» Thank you so much! 
>» 
>» Karyna 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<clict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>50287</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1489981400</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
EFTA_R1_01902352 
EFTA02656596

<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>697118</string> 
</diet> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01902353 
EFTA02656597

