# EFTA00010217 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Nicole Simmons
- **To:** 'Nathan NYSD Chambers'
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Moth

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] Date: Sat, 13 Nov 2021 01:54:30 +0000 Attachments: 2021.11.12_Maxwell_Response_to_Gov_Motion_to_Exclude_Dietz_and_Loftus.pdf; Ex._1.pdf; Ex._2.pdf Inline-Images: image001.jpg Dear Judge Nathan: At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Response to the Government's Motion In Limine to Preclude Expert Testimony of Dr. Park Dietz and Dr. Elizabeth Loftus along with supporting documents. Pursuant to our established protocol, we are submitting the Motion and Exhibits to the Court under temporary seal to allow the government to pr

### Match 2
> From: Nicole Simmons To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' Cc: Jeff Pagliuca Laura Menninger' Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Moth to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] Date: Sat, 13 Nov 2021 01:54:30 +0000 Attachments: 2021.11.12_Maxwell_Response_to_Gov_Motion_to_Exclude_Dietz_and_Loftus.pdf; Ex._1.pdf; Ex._2.pdf Inline-Images: image001.jpg Dear Judge Nathan:

### Match 3
> From: Nicole Simmons To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' Cc: Jeff Pagliuca Laura Menninger' Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Moth to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] Date: Sat, 13 Nov 2021 01:54:30 +0000 Attachments: 2021.11.12_Maxwell_Response_to_Gov_Motion_to_Exclude_Dietz_and_Loftus.pdf; Ex._1.pdf; Ex._2.pdf Inline-Images: image001.jpg Dear Judge Nathan: At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca,
