# EFTA00038016 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Frida , Jul 10 2020 1:34 PM
- **Subject:** Maxwell's 6/30/20 Account Balances

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: "=IM IME"' To:' Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell's 6/30/20 Account Balances Date: Mon, 13 Jul 2020 09:49:07 +0000 Importance: Normal I will update my analysis and send it to you. Best Ori From: Sent: Frida Jul 10 2020 5:02 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell's 6/30/20 Account Balances essal Thank you. Are you able to update this with th

### Match 2
> From: "=IM IME"' To:' Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell's 6/30/20 Account Balances Date: Mon, 13 Jul 2020 09:49:07 +0000 Importance: Normal I will update my analysis and send it to you. Best Ori From: Sent: Frida Jul 10 2020 5:02 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell's 6/30/20 Account Balances essal Thank you. Are you able to update this with the new information from UBS? In particular, it would be helpful to know how the Montpelier Trust was funded, and what expenditures it is making. Thanks! Original Messa e From: Sent: Frida , Jul 10 2020 1:34 PM T

### Match 3
> count Balances essal Thank you. Are you able to update this with the new information from UBS? In particular, it would be helpful to know how the Montpelier Trust was funded, and what expenditures it is making. Thanks! Original Messa e From: Sent: Frida , Jul 10 2020 1:34 PM To: Subject: Maxwell's 6/30/20 Account Balances I have attached an analysis of Maxwell's related accounts as of 6/30/20. I will updated the analysis once I have received additional productions from UBS. The attached draft analysis is to be used for discussion purposes only and is subject to change. If you have any

### Match 4
> the new information from UBS? In particular, it would be helpful to know how the Montpelier Trust was funded, and what expenditures it is making. Thanks! Original Messa e From: Sent: Frida , Jul 10 2020 1:34 PM To: Subject: Maxwell's 6/30/20 Account Balances I have attached an analysis of Maxwell's related accounts as of 6/30/20. I will updated the analysis once I have received additional productions from UBS. The attached draft analysis is to be used for discussion purposes only and is subject to change. If you have any questions, please contact me. EFTA00038016 Best Forensic Account
