# EFTA02523742

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffre E stein|
|To||
|Sent|Jan 5, 2010 3:14 PM|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** 2010, at 7:58 AM, "Sarah" mailtoa> wrote: > Jeffrey.. Hello I am in the UK. But in New York next wednesday and > would love to see you then. > In the meantime my friend Adel Al Ghazzawi is in New York, and I > would love for you to say Hello. It is regarding Steve Ross and The > dinner with Prince Andrew and I last night and we both thought you > should meet. > This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and > intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they > are addressed. If you have received this email in error please > notify the sender > immediately

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
10 8:55 PM 
Re: 
have not been able to get in touch 
On Tue= Jan 5, 2010 at 10:54 AM, Sarah 
rtiailto 
> wrote: 
He his partner witn Prince Sultan and Price Turki of Saudi Arabia. He wants=to invest into me and my brand 
going forward. Mothers Army included! 
He wants in on Brazil and Findus too. 
Big investor. 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffre E stein 
To: 
cmailtL 
Subject: Re: 
Sent: Jan 5, 2010 3:14 PM 
Details?? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 5, 2010, at 7:58 AM, "Sarah" 
mailtoa> 
wrote: 
> Jeffrey.. Hello I am in the UK. But in New York next wednesday and 
> would love to see you then. 
> In the meantime my friend Adel Al Ghazzawi is in New York, and I 
> would love for you to say Hello. It is regarding Steve Ross and The 
> dinner with Prince Andrew and I last night and we both thought you 
> should meet. 
> This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and 
> intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they > are addressed. If you have received this 
email in error please 
> notify the sender 
> immediately. 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended =olely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom they are addressed. =f you have received this email in error please notify the sender 
immediately. 
EFTA_R1_01662445 
EFTA02523742

The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy thi= communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
2 
EFTA_R1_0 1662446 
EFTA02523743

