# EFTA02511913

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. <jeev=cation@gmail.com>|
|To|David Stern; Eva Dubin|
|Sent|Tuesday, March 6, 2018 6:11 AM|
|Subject|Re: NY|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, March 6, 2018 3:14 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: NY yes Have him email me and I will talk=to him correct? Please note, my email address has changed to From: jeffrey E. <jeev=cation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 6, 2018 10:12 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: NY On Tue,

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, March 6, 2018 3:14 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: NY yes Have him email me and I will talk=to him correct? Please note, my email address has changed to From: jeffrey E. <jeev=cation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 6, 2018 10:12 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: NY On Tue, Mar 6, 2018 at 10:08 AM, Eva Dubin > wrote: jeevacation@gmail.com <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmailcom» Sent: Tuesday, March 6, 2018 6:11 AM To: David Stern; Eva Dubin Subject: Re: NY Eva On Tue, Mar 6, 2018 at 4:17 AM David Stern To whom should I or

**[FULL]:** , 2018 3:14 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: NY yes Have him email me and I will talk=to him correct? Please note, my email address has changed to From: jeffrey E. <jeev=cation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 6, 2018 10:12 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: NY On Tue, Mar 6, 2018 at 10:08 AM, Eva Dubin > wrote: jeevacation@gmail.com <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmailcom» Sent: Tuesday, March 6, 2018 6:11 AM To: David Stern; Eva Dubin Subject: Re: NY Eva On Tue, Mar 6, 2018 at 4:17 AM David Stern To whom should I or my sister speak regarding New York for my mum ? Thanks!! >

**[FULL]:** o From: jeffrey E. <jeev=cation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 6, 2018 10:12 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: NY On Tue, Mar 6, 2018 at 10:08 AM, Eva Dubin > wrote: jeevacation@gmail.com <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmailcom» Sent: Tuesday, March 6, 2018 6:11 AM To: David Stern; Eva Dubin Subject: Re: NY Eva On Tue, Mar 6, 2018 at 4:17 AM David Stern To whom should I or my sister speak regarding New York for my mum ? Thanks!! > wrote: EFTA_R1_01644501 EFTA02511913 please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privilege

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Tuesday, March 6, 2018 3:14 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: NY 
yes 
Have him email me and I will talk=to him 
correct? 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
From: jeffrey E. <jeev=cation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, March 6, 2018 10:12 AM 
To: Eva Dubin 
Subject: Re: NY 
On Tue, Mar 6, 2018 at 10:08 AM, Eva Dubin 
> wrote: 
jeevacation@gmail.com <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmailcom» 
Sent: Tuesday, March 6, 2018 6:11 AM 
To: David Stern; Eva Dubin 
Subject: Re: NY 
Eva 
On Tue, Mar 6, 2018 at 4:17 AM David Stern 
To whom should I or my sister speak regarding New York for my mum ? 
Thanks!! 
> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01644501 
EFTA02511913

please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01644502 
EFTA02511914

