# EFTA02375070

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york, settlement

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" <Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com>|
|To|=/b>"Richard Kahn (richardkahn12@gmailcom)" <richardkahn12@gmail.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject|qb>KeyCorp Perp nc10 =fixed/Float Pfd|

---

**[WORD]:** 2016 5:55 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: KeyCorp Perp nc10 Fixed/Float Pfd please advise thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 tel =12-971-1306 fax 646-350.0954 cell =17-414-7584 Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" <Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com> Subject: qb>KeyCorp Perp nc10 =fixed/Float Pfd Date: September 6, 2016 at 11:28:23 AM EDT To: =/b>"Richard Kahn (richardkahn12@gmailcom)" <richardkahn12@gmail.com> Hi Rich, I hope you had a nice =oliday. New issue preferred pricing today. Due to the size o

**[WORD]:** securities, share =epurchases &nb=p; (including, but not limited to, =epurchases &nb=p; of our common stock), dividends, =unding potential &nb=p; future acquisitions and =atisfaction of other &nb=p; obligations. Joint Books: MS, GS, JPM, =EY Settlement: =nbsp; 7+3, MS B&D Thanks again, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas First Vice President Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Financial Advisor Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 3 EFTA_R1_01382623 EFTA02375072 Tel/Direct: +1 212 705 4521 I Fax: +1 212 705 4592 andrew.atlas@morgansta

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn <richardkahn12@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, September 6, 2016 5:55 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: KeyCorp Perp nc10 Fixed/Float Pfd 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel =12-971-1306 
fax 646-350.0954 
cell =17-414-7584 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" <Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com> 
Subject: qb>KeyCorp Perp nc10 =fixed/Float Pfd 
Date: September 6, 2016 at 11:28:23 AM EDT 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn (richardkahn12@gmailcom)" <richardkahn12@gmail.com> 
Hi Rich, 
I hope you had a nice =oliday. 
New issue preferred pricing today. 
Due to the size of the offering, please manage =xpectations. 
EFTA_R1_01382621 
EFTA02375070

Details: 
Price Whisper: 5.125% =rea 
Issuer: 
&n=sp; KeyCorp (Ticker: KEY) 
Securities: 
Depositary =hares, each representing a 
&nb=p; 
1/25th Interest in a Share of =ixed-to-Floating Rate 
&nb=p; 
Perpetual Non-Cumulative =referred Stock, Series D Expected Ratings: Baa3/BB+ 
Size: 
&nbs=; $525mm WNG 
Offering =rice: $1,000 per depositary share 
Maturity: 
=nbsp; Perpetual 
Dividends: 
From =he date of issuance to, but excluding, 
&nb=p; 
09/15/2026, dividends will be =alculated 
&nb=p; 
at a fixed annual rate of  
1%, =nd from, 
&nb=p; 
and including, 09/26/2026, =ividends will be 
&nb=p; 
calculated at a floating annual =ate equal to 
&nb=p; 
three-month LIBOR plus, reset =uarterly,1 1% 
&nb=p; 
Non-Cumulative 
Payment dates: Quarterly for both the fixed =nd floating rate 
&nb=p; 
periods, commencing on =2/15/2016, in each case 
&nb=p; 
when, as and if declared 
Redemption: 
May be =edeemed at the issuer's option at par 
&nb=p; 
plus any declared and unpaid =ividends: 
&nb=p; 
(1) in whole or in part on any =ividend 
&nb=p; 
payment date on or after =9/15/2026, or (2) in 
&nb=p; 
whole but not in part at any =ime within 90 
2 
EFTA_R1_01382622 
EFTA02375071

&nb=p; 
days following a Regulatory =apital Treatment 
&nb=p; 
Event — see red 
Listing: 
=one (TRACE) 
DRD/QDI eligible: Yes, see red for tax and =ithholding details Use of Proceeds: General corporate purposes, 
=hich may include, 
&nb=p; 
without limitation, working =apital, capital 
&nb=p; 
expenditures, investments in or =owns to our 
&nb=p; 
subsidiaries, refinancing of =utstanding 
&nb=p; 
indebtedness, refinancing of =utstanding 
&nb=p; 
capital securities, share =epurchases 
&nb=p; 
(including, but not limited to, =epurchases 
&nb=p; 
of our common stock), dividends, =unding potential 
&nb=p; 
future acquisitions and =atisfaction of other 
&nb=p; 
obligations. 
Joint Books: 
MS, GS, JPM, =EY 
Settlement: =nbsp; 7+3, MS B&D 
Thanks again, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
First Vice President 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Financial Advisor 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 
3 
EFTA_R1_01382623 
EFTA02375072

Tel/Direct: +1 212 705 4521 I Fax: +1 212 705 4592 
andrew.atlas@morganstanley.com <mailto:andrew.atlas@morganstanley.com> 
NMLS ID # =326736 
NOTICE: Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or =iews contained herein are not 
intended to be, and do not constitute, advice =ithin the meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform 
and =onsumer Protection Act. If you have received this communication in error, please =estroy all electronic and paper 
copies and notify the sender immediately. Mistransmission is not intended to waive confidentiality or privilege. =organ 
Stanley reserves the right, to the extent permitted under applicable =aw, to monitor electronic communications. This 
message is subject to terms =vailable at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers If you =annot 
access these links, please notify us by reply message and we will send =he contents to you. By communicating with 
Morgan Stanley you consent to the =foregoing and to the voice recording of conversations with personnel of =organ 
Stanley. 
4 
EFTA_R1_01382624 
EFTA02375073

