# EFTA02666331

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, December 19, 2016 10:37 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: great On Sun, Dec 18, 2016 at 9:17 PM, Eva Dubin < I am jealous!! We are here!! Sent from my iPhone » wrote: On Dec 18, 2016, at 3:13 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> wrote: I was rudely reminded that i took citrucel =AO while i was on the

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, December 19, 2016 10:37 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: great On Sun, Dec 18, 2016 at 9:17 PM, Eva Dubin < I am jealous!! We are here!! Sent from my iPhone » wrote: On Dec 18, 2016, at 3:13 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> wrote: I was rudely reminded that i took citrucel =AO while i was on the bike path. all the way down . oy please note The information con

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, December 19, 2016 10:37 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
great 
On Sun, Dec 18, 2016 at 9:17 PM, Eva Dubin < 
I am jealous!! 
We are here!! 
Sent from my iPhone 
» wrote: 
On Dec 18, 2016, at 3:13 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> wrote: 
I was rudely reminded that i took citrucel =AO while i was on the bike path. all the way down . oy 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01917401 
EFTA02666331

The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use 4 the addressee. It is the property of ME Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailtoieevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai..com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01917402 
EFTA02666332

