# EFTA02569876

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: David Stern O. Sent: Tuesday, May 28, 2013 10:18 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein; Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: Thank you Jeffrey. Andrew, delighted to meet you and to work with you on China. Let me know when a call might suit you to discuss this and plan a trip asap. All the best, David On 28 May 2013, at 11:13, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: david , andrew is the real estate guru and great

**[WORD]:** From: David Stern O. Sent: Tuesday, May 28, 2013 10:18 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein; Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: Thank you Jeffrey. Andrew, delighted to meet you and to work with you on China. Let me know when a call might suit you to discuss this and plan a trip asap. All the best, David On 28 May 2013, at 11:13, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: david , andrew is the real estate guru and great friend. you and he should orgaznie a plan for

**[WORD]:** uss this and plan a trip asap. All the best, David On 28 May 2013, at 11:13, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: david , andrew is the real estate guru and great friend. you and he should orgaznie a plan for china, he is the perfect partner for you and our frend, a trip to china asap should be organzied, Andrew understands the who pays whom for what. . andrew , david is your man in china, period. ***** * ********* *****•**•***•* ********* *••** ***** **•**••*•** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information,

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
David Stern O. 
Sent: 
Tuesday, May 28, 2013 10:18 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein; Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
Re: 
Thank you Jeffrey. 
Andrew, delighted to meet you and to work with you on China. Let me know when a call might suit you to discuss this 
and plan a trip asap. 
All the best, 
David 
On 28 May 2013, at 11:13, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
david , andrew is the real estate guru and great friend. you and he should orgaznie a plan for china, he is the 
perfect partner for you and our frend, a trip to china asap should be organzied, 
Andrew understands the who pays whom for what. . andrew , david is your man in china, period. 
***** 
* ********* 
*****•**•***•* 
********* 
*••** 
***** 
**•**••*•** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01737390 
EFTA02569876

