# EFTA02703227

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york, settlement

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5"|
|To|"Richard Kahn|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>New Issue $25 Par =referred: Public Storage (PSA) Perpetual Preferred Stock 5.25% Area; =ixed for|

---

**[WORD]:** Storage (PSA) Perpetual Preferred Stock 5.25% Area; Fixed for Life Attachments: 179335-Prelim ProSup_eRed_w-bmks.pdf; Untitled attachment 00081.htm please advise Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 Par =referred: Public Storage (PSA) Perpetual Preferred Stock 5.25% Area; =ixed for Life Date: May 10, 2016 at 9:57:08 AM EDT To: "Richard Kahn Good Morning Rich, Getting you an updated market for the GS bonds. And =here's a new issue $25 Preferred pricing today.

**[WORD]:** bs=; &nb=p; Use of =roceeds: = To make investments in self-storage facilities and in entities =hat own self-storage facilities, for the development of self-storage =acilities, and for general corporate =urposes. &nb=p; DRD/QDI =ligible: =o &nb=p; Expected =isting: =NYSE Settlement: T+5 Andrew S. Atlas First Vice President Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 2 EFTA_R1_02078998 EFTA02703228 Financial Advisor Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 Tel Direct: NMLS ID # =326736 Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not use

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Tuesday, May 10, 2016 6:11 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: New Issue $25 Par Preferred: Public Storage (PSA) Perpetual Preferred Stock 
5.25% Area; Fixed for Life 
Attachments: 
179335-Prelim ProSup_eRed_w-bmks.pdf; Untitled attachment 00081.htm 
please advise 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" 
Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 Par =referred: Public Storage (PSA) Perpetual Preferred Stock 5.25% Area; =ixed for 
Life 
Date: May 10, 2016 at 9:57:08 AM EDT 
To: "Richard Kahn 
Good Morning Rich, 
Getting you an updated market for the GS bonds. And =here's a new issue $25 Preferred pricing today. 
Details: 
Public Storage (PSA) 
&nb=p; 
EFTA_R1_02078997 
EFTA02703227

Issuer: Public =torage (Ticker: "PSA") 
Securities =ffered: 
Depositary =hares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a [ I% Cumulative Preferred Share of 
=eneficial Interest, Series C =nbsp; 
&nb=p; 
Expected =atings: 
=3/BBB+(Stable/Stable) 
&nbs=; 
Expected Size: =75mm (3mm $25 par Depositary =hares) 
&nb=p; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Maturity: 
=nbsp; =erpetual 
Price =uidance: 
= 5.25% Area =fixed-for-life) 
Offer Price: 
$25.00 
&nb=p; 
Payment Dates: =nbsp; 
&n=sp; Quarterly, beginning June 30, =016 
Optional Redemption: Callable at par anytime on or =fter May ( J, =021 
&nbs=; 
&nb=p; 
Use of =roceeds: 
= To make investments in self-storage facilities and in entities =hat own self-storage 
facilities, for the development of self-storage =acilities, and for general corporate =urposes. 
&nb=p; 
DRD/QDI =ligible: 
=o 
&nb=p; 
Expected =isting: 
=NYSE 
Settlement: 
T+5 
Andrew S. Atlas 
First Vice President 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
2 
EFTA_R1_02078998 
EFTA02703228

Financial Advisor 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 
Tel Direct: 
NMLS ID # =326736 
Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any =ecurity or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this =-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
=eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, =o the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is subject to terms 
available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If you cannot access 
this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley 
you consent to =he foregoing. 
3 
EFTA_R1_02078999 
EFTA02703229

