# EFTA00030058 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 31

## Email Metadata
- **From:** =.
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: Disparities in Counsel and Discovery Access for Ghislaine Maxwell and Justin Rivera

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: "MIS To: Cc: (USANYS)" (USANYS)" (USANYS)" <1 SANYS" ( USANYS USANYS)" (USANYS)" (I \ NYS • USANYS SANYS)" (USANYS) 1" Subject: Re: Disparities in Counsel and Discovery Access for Ghislaine Maxwell and Justin Rivera Date: Thu, 31 Dec 2020 20:04:57 +0000 OK, thanks. On Dec 31, 2020, at 3:00 PM, (USANYS) < > wrote: Thanks We've incorporated your edits. As for you question about the "under investigation language," the investigation related to the contraband cellphone is a matter of publi

### Match 2
> g the specifics or the fact that From: =. (USANYS) •rz > Sent: Thursday, December 31, 2020 2:09 PM To: (USANYS) c :J; (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) >; (USANYS) `: M> Cc: (USANYS) . (USANYS) (USANYS) ; (USANYS) (USANYS) 1 c > Subject: RE: Disparities in Counsel and Discovery Access for Ghislaine Maxwell and Justin Rivera Apologies — I looked at this as soon as you sent it, but apparently my outlook was frozen and it was hanging in cyberspace. I thought it looked good, although there were some typos which I fixed. I also had a couple of questions/comments in one of the declarations (attached).

### Match 3
> the declarations (attached). From: (USANYS) Sent: Thursday, December 31, 2020 12:19 PM To: (USANYS) cat. (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) Cc: < I>; (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) EFTA00030058 c >; (USANYS) 1 < > Subject: RE: Disparities in Counsel and Discovery Access for Ghislaine Maxwell and Justin Rivera Hi Please see our proposed letter, which I understand you would like to review, as well as declarations from associate wardens at the MDC and MCC. The GC and PC chiefs have signed off on these drafts. With apologies for the time sensitivity, our contacts at MCC/MDC have asked

### Match 4
> rations as soon as possible. Best, From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, December 30, 2020 4:24 PM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS), (USANYS) ; < >; (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) < (USANYS) > (USANYS) < >; (USANYS) ; (USANYS) 1 < > Subject: RE: Disparities in Counsel and Discovery Access for Ghislaine Maxwell and Justin Rivera IM=l, who is the Associate Warden at the MCC. There's a possibility that there will be a very short declaration from someone at the MDC to discuss the specific accommodations for Maxwell. I am working through that with From: (USANYS) < > Sent: Wednesday, December 30, 2020 2

### Match 5
> ng through that with From: (USANYS) < > Sent: Wednesday, December 30, 2020 2:45 PM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) cMa (USANYS) < MI> (USANYS) (USANYS) rz > Cc: (USANYS) , >, (USANYS) a; (USANYS) < ; (USANYS) 'ca (USANYS) 1 < > Subject: RE: Disparities in Counsel and Discovery Access for Ghislaine Maxwell and Justin Rivera Thanks. Who is signing the declaration for BOP? From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, December 30, 2020 2:40 PM To: (USANYS) c (USANYS) < (USANYS) < (USANYS) >; ) fl ; Cc: (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) >; (USANYS) EFTA00030059 (USANYS) 1 Subject: RE: Dispariti

### Match 6
> ing the declaration for BOP? From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, December 30, 2020 2:40 PM To: (USANYS) c (USANYS) < (USANYS) < (USANYS) >; ) fl ; Cc: (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) >; (USANYS) EFTA00030059 (USANYS) 1 Subject: RE: Disparities in Counsel and Discovery Access for Ghislaine Maxwell and Justin Rivera : We are in the process of finalizing our response to the Maxwell/Rivera issue. We intend to explain that the discovery and counsel access accommodations that have been provided to Maxwell and Rivera, respectively, result from the specific circumstances of their cases, the spec

### Match 7
> estions or would like to discuss this further. Best, From: (USANYS) Sent: Monday, December 21, 2020 4:42 PM To: (USANYS) < >; Cc: (USANYS) > (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) < (USANYS) 1 < (USANYS) (USANYS) Subject: RE: Disparities in Counsel and Discovery Access for Ghislaine Maxwell and Justin Rivera Thanks, . Can you keep me posted on what we think will be the substance of the draft declaration when you know (that is, before we are submitting anything on 12/31)? And how much of this is attributable to differences between MCC and MDC, as well as specific differences in the

### Match 8
> s in their housing situations? From: (USANYS) Sent: Monday, December 21, 2020 4:35 PM To: M, (USANYS) c (USANYS) (USANYS) < (USANYS) dc > EFTA00030060 ) (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) (USANYS) >; (USANYS) (USANYS) ›; (USANYS) 14: > Subject: Disparities in Counsel and Discovery Access for Ghislaine Maxwell and Justin Rivera All: I wanted to bring to your attention a recent issue that's surfaced in United States v. Rivera et al., a sex trafficking case pending before Judge Engelmayer. As I'll describe in more detail below, Judge Engelmayer has asked us to submit a declaration from the BOP explaini

### Match 9
> nt issue that's surfaced in United States v. Rivera et al., a sex trafficking case pending before Judge Engelmayer. As I'll describe in more detail below, Judge Engelmayer has asked us to submit a declaration from the BOP explaining why the discovery and counsel access accommodations provided to Ghislaine Maxwell (detained at the MDC outside the general population) cannot be extended to Justin Rivera (detained at the MCC in the general population). Justin Rivera was charged in February 2019 with sex trafficking conspiracy. He's been detained at the MCC since April 2019 on consent (he's also serving a st

### Match 10
> From: "MIS To: Cc: (USANYS)" (USANYS)" (USANYS)" <1 SANYS" ( USANYS USANYS)" (USANYS)" (I \ NYS • USANYS SANYS)" (USANYS) 1" Subject: Re: Disparities in Counsel and Discovery Access for Ghislaine Maxwell and Justin Rivera Date: Thu, 31 Dec 2020 20:04:57 +0000 OK, thanks. On Dec 31, 2020, at 3:00 PM, (USANYS) < > wrote: Thanks We've incorporated your edits. As for you question about the "under investigation language," the investigation related to the contraband cellphone is a matter
