# EFTA02522143

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|"jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject|Breakfast|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, June 19, 2012 11:01 PM To: lyn fontanilla Subject: Fwd: Breakfast Forwarded message <=r>From: Farkas, Andrew L. ><=span> Date: Tue, Jun 19, 2012 at 6:53 PM Subject: Breakfast To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 8:30 Well toasted scooped out bagel. Scrambled eggs. Diet coke. Lots of ice. Straw. See you then. This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exc

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, June 19, 2012 11:01 PM 
To: 
lyn fontanilla 
Subject: 
Fwd: Breakfast 
 
Forwarded message 
<=r>From: Farkas, Andrew L. 
><=span> 
Date: Tue, Jun 19, 2012 at 6:53 PM 
Subject: Breakfast 
To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
8:30 
Well toasted scooped out bagel. Scrambled eggs. 
Diet coke. Lots of ice. Straw. 
See you then. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary,=privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, =r otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or und=r applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby n=tified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, dissemi=ating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including=any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this me=sage in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the messa=e (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in=electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be =onsidered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any ag=eement with C-III Capital Partners LLC or any of its affiliates, each of w=ich 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by C-III Capital Pa=tners LLC or such affiliate. 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received t=is communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or=by e-mail to 
je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01660030 
EFTA02522143

