# EFTA02432629

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: ghislaine, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|The Duchess of York/Young Victoria|

---

**[WORD]:** g bringing in a daughter...we get SI5,000 for this kind of event but would do it you Sarah for $5,000 and any expenses (itemizcd)if any.. I originally said we had sponsorship... now on such sort notice we can't get. Also Emily Blunt can not come...we will try Paul Bettany who lives in brooklyn. Andrew asshole Safra is doing 190 people tonight downtown and party at Norwood...do not know who his sponsor is...and we do not care. Fergie hates him and that is why she is not coming...but wants her own event. When can I talk to you? We are so busy, but will do. xoxo Peg EFTA_R1_0 1503635 EFTA02432

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation 
mail.com'eevacation gmail.com] 
Cc: 
Darin Pfeif 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Thur 12/10/2009 8:06:29 PM 
Subject: The Duchess of York/Young Victoria 
Title: The Duchess of York/Young Victoria 
Just spoke to her...and she was beyond lovely and complimentary. 
She wants a screenin on Thursday, Dec. 17. We have two good moms on hold. Will use one 
($800.00) 
We are trying to get a socialite to host a reception for her at their hotne...asking Ghislaine, Susan Gutfreund, Joanne 
deGuardiola etc...but it's short notice...Sarah is ok with this... 
Sarah has at least 30 friends to invite...we can fill in the rest. 
She wants to know if you will come up and have it in your house. No press. 
I didn't think you were thinking along these lines. 
And she and I want to know- I you can't come- can we have $20,000 to do the night. We can get TwoE, which is this very 
glamorous new chic lounge off the Pierre lobby for about 512,000. 
So that's S12,800 and the rest for us, expenses...Sarah also said something bringing in a daughter...we get SI5,000 for this 
kind of event but would do it you Sarah for $5,000 and any expenses (itemizcd)if any.. 
I originally said we had sponsorship... now on such sort notice we can't get. Also Emily Blunt can not come...we will try 
Paul Bettany who lives in brooklyn. 
Andrew asshole Safra is doing 190 people tonight downtown and party at Norwood...do not know who his sponsor is...and 
we do not care. Fergie hates him and that is why she is not coming...but wants her own event. 
When can I talk to you? 
We are so busy, but will do. xoxo Peg 
EFTA_R1_0 1503635 
EFTA02432629

