# EFTA00019314 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: following up

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> has reported that she has no recollection of scheduling massages for anyone in New York. did occasionally schedule massages to take place in Florida by phone while she was in New York City. When was first hired, she used a directory provided to her by Epstein's previous personal assistant and Ghislaine Maxwell to contact women and girls to massage Epstein. Over the ensuing years, would add new names to the directory when directed to do so by Epstein or Maxwell. EFTA00019317 Through the process of arranging and facilitating massage appointments for Epstein, met dozens of underage victims, who range

### Match 2
> has reported that she has no recollection of scheduling massages for anyone in New York. did occasionally schedule massages to take place in Florida by phone while she was in New York City. When was first hired, she used a directory provided to her by Epstein's previous personal assistant and Ghislaine Maxwell to contact women and girls to massage Epstein. Over the ensuing years, would add new names to the directory when directed to do so by Epstein or Maxwell. EFTA00019317 Through the process of arranging and facilitating massage appointments for Epstein, met dozens of underage victims, w

### Match 3
> ed at sentencing, and the Government does not dispute that was herself a victim of sexual abuse by Epstein, as discussed in the expert report. During the period of her employment between approximately 2002 and 2005, as part of her duties to schedule appointments at the direction of Epstein and Maxwell, scheduled hundreds of appointments for women and girls, including dozens of minors, to massage Epstein. Over the course of that several year period, Epstein received approximately two to three massages per day, and during those massage appointments, Epstein sexually abused dozens of minor vict

### Match 4
> she was in New York City. When was first hired, she used a directory provided to her by Epstein's previous personal assistant and Ghislaine Maxwell to contact women and girls to massage Epstein. Over the ensuing years, would add new names to the directory when directed to do so by Epstein or Maxwell. EFTA00019317 Through the process of arranging and facilitating massage appointments for Epstein, met dozens of underage victims, who ranged in age from 14 to 17 years old. For example, when minor victims arrived for the appointments at Palm Beach, sometimes met them, walked them up to the ma
