# EFTA00015957 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 20

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Sunday, July 12, 2020 15:28
- **Subject:** RE: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-5O9)

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Cc: Subject RE: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Date: Mon, 13 Jul 2020 23:28:37 +0000 >, Good evening, As discussed, I have run this up my chain, and BOP would prefer not to comment on Ms. Maxwell's housing conditions in public filings. Thank you! > » I "< > 7/12/2020 4:17 PM >>> Thanks, On a separate subject, is

### Match 2
> , and that her exercise time is separate from other inmates? That is our current understanding, but we wanted to confirm, and also to make sure the BOP would not have an issue if we referenced this in public filings. Thanks, From: Sent: Sunday, July 12, 2020 4:13 PM To: -_w> Cc: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-5O9) Thanks for the update, and totally understand it's over a weekend, and we did not know that defense counsel had also been having additional afternoon calls, so that's helpful to know. Also helpful to know that you have not received other calls or emails from counsel. We'll l

### Match 3
> helpful to know. Also helpful to know that you have not received other calls or emails from counsel. We'll let her counsel know that they will have calls tomorrow and Tuesday at 10:00 a.m., and thanks very much again for your help. From: Sent: Sunday, July 12, 2020 15:28 To: Cc: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Apologies all, I just saw these emails. We are not providing weekend calls generally at this time, and counsel has been having 2 hour legal calls every afternoon in addition to the standing call set up in the morning. This is far more than almost every EFTA00015957 other in

### Match 4
> ment on Tuesday would include the weekend. Is it possible to reinstitute the call for tomorrow at 10:00, as well as on Monday? Thanks very much, and sorry for the late notice — we just heard from them a moment ago. thanks, From: Sent: Friday, July 10, 2020 10:34 To: Cc: ) < *; Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-S09) Great — thank you again! (I told defense counsel that I would ask, but also just to give it a few minutes ...) Sent from my iPhone On Jul 10, 2020, at 10:30, c > wrote: I've been informed she is on the phone.... >>> I" < 7/10/2020 10:26 AM >>> EFTA00015958 Defense cou

### Match 5
> ld you be able to please share with us the procedure that they should follow, so that we can make sure they understand what steps to take going forward? Thank you again for all of your help—we really appreciate it. Best, From: IM Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 4:23 PM To: Cc: I < Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) You're welcome. Would 10 am work as a standing legal call through the end of this week (and Monday, if you think that's a good idea), in advance of the arraignment on Tuesday? However, after this, defense counsel should be required to follow the same protocols as all other

### Match 6
> legal call today. In addition, because defense counsel his having difficulty scheduling legal calls, it would be helpful if MDC could schedule standing calls for the rest of this week to address this issue. Thanks very much. From: Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 2:36 PM To: Cc: >; Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Hi I just saw this now. Is this about the legal call issue or something separate? If its about the legal call, I am working on it. Thanks, >> > " < > 7/7/2020 1:27 PM >> > Hi Thanks for your help with this. Are you available now for a call? We are having a time sensiti

### Match 7
> e just came into custody today and there is a more urgent deadline. If you can please provide the name and phone number of counsel, I will do my best. Thanks, Sent from my Venzon. Samsung Galaxy smartphone Original message From:" y, < Date: 7 6/20 7:48 PM GMT-05:00 To: Cc: >, Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) >>> Hi Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been able to reach her. Would i

### Match 8
> will do my best. Thanks, Sent from my Venzon. Samsung Galaxy smartphone Original message From:" y, < Date: 7 6/20 7:48 PM GMT-05:00 To: Cc: >, Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) >>> Hi Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been able to reach her. Would it be possible to allow Ms. Maxwell to make a legal call to her lawyers this evening, please? Thank you very much for your help. " 0

### Match 9
> From: To: Cc: Subject RE: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Date: Mon, 13 Jul 2020 23:28:37 +0000 >, Good evening, As discussed, I have run this up my chain, and BOP would prefer not to comment on Ms. Maxwell's housing conditions in public filings. Thank you! > » I "< > 7/12/2020 4:17 PM >>> Thanks, On a separate subj

### Match 10
> , and that her exercise time is separate from other inmates? That is our current understanding, but we wanted to confirm, and also to make sure the BOP would not have an issue if we referenced this in public filings. Thanks, From: Sent: Sunday, July 12, 2020 4:13 PM To: -_w> Cc: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-5O9) Thanks for the update, and totally understand it's over a weekend, and we did not know that defense counsel had also been having additional afternoon calls, so that's helpful to know. Also helpful to know that you have not received other calls or emails from counsel.
