# EFTA02513035

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: To: Subject: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Tuesday, January 20, 2015 12:15 AM Jean Luc Brunel could you put something like this out. if you want I have to hand it to I'm sure she d=serves the pretty penny she has made for her effort . She has certainly caught th= imagination of a public hungry for salacious fiction. To sugges= her story is anything other than that, a fiction is ludicro

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Tuesday, January 20, 2015 12:15 AM 
Jean Luc Brunel 
could you put something like this out. if you want 
I have to hand it to 
I'm sure she d=serves the pretty penny she has made for her effort . She has certainly 
caught th= imagination of a public hungry for salacious fiction. To sugges= her story is anything other than that, a 
fiction is ludicrous. Presidents at dinner on caribean islands. ( clinton was never ever =AO there, easy to confirm ). 
ith a Prince ( 
too small even for one adult ). sex slave bein 
aid thousands of d=llars. ( while 
at the exact same time, she was working as 
IM). 
being 
a prime minister though t=is 
prime mininster, never out of sight of his massive security detail also never visited the island„ sex on a small airplane 
with awhile 
the other passengers must have been all looking out the window=20 during the event . I 
would have thought that her fabrica=ions were readilly apparent , but now , being asked to deny what the press has=20 
termed her " allegations " is frankly silly. ok= to play along I deny each and every allegation . The only person she 
didn't sugge=t she was forced to have sex with , was Bilbo Baggins. , =maybe its in the sequel. 
=lease note 
The information contained in this communication is c=nfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside in=ormation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the =roperty of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this co=munication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawf.l. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us i=mediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacatio=@gmail.com> , and destroy th=s communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copy=ight -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01646084 
EFTA02513035

