# EFTA02429730

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|JE Jail leevacation@gmail.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject|pics|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffreyfieevacation©gmail.com] From: Eva Dubin Sent Sun 3/7/2010 4:08:10 PM Subject RE: pics number? Date: Sun, 7 Mar 2010 10:58:47 -0500 Subject: Fwd: pics From: 'eevacation ail.com To: Forwarded messa e From: Date: Sun, Mar 7, 2010 at 2:31 AM Subject: pics To: JE Jail leevacation@gmail.com> Eva can come with to see it today i

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffreyfieevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent 
Sun 3/7/2010 4:08:10 PM 
Subject RE: pics 
number? 
Date: Sun, 7 Mar 2010 10:58:47 -0500 
Subject: Fwd: pics 
From: 'eevacation 
ail.com 
To: 
 
Forwarded messa e 
From: 
Date: Sun, Mar 7, 2010 at 2:31 AM 
Subject: pics 
To: JE Jail leevacation@gmail.com>
Eva can come with 
to see it today if she wants. 
I love the first one...it looks like the little one is laughing. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
Your E-mail and More On-the-Go. Get Windows Live Hotmail Free. Sign up now, 
EFTA_R1_01499481 
EFTA02429730

