# EFTA02697070

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2012 8:45 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: No Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Mar 21, 2012, at 7:40 PM, "Eva Dubin " > That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? > Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry > Original Message > From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> > Date: Wed, 21 Ma

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2012 8:45 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: No Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Mar 21, 2012, at 7:40 PM, "Eva Dubin " > That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? > Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry > Original Message > From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> > Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 > To: > Subject: Re: > he will do it „ no need to pay > On Wed, Mar 21, 2012 at 6:51 P

**[FULL]:** > That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? > Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry > Original Message > From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> > Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 > To: > Subject: Re: > he will do it „ no need to pay > On Wed, Mar 21, 2012 at 6:51 PM, Eva Dubin > wrote: > Is there any chance I could hire Janusz to drive to the Carribean R=sort, outside of Orlando, on Monday? It's 2 hours and 40 minutes from Palm B=ach. wrote: > ******** ***** ***** ***** ******* ******************* ***** > The information contained in this communication is confide

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 21, 2012 8:45 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
No 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 21, 2012, at 7:40 PM, "Eva Dubin " 
> That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? 
> Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
> Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 
> To: 
> Subject: Re: 
> he will do it „ no need to pay 
> On Wed, Mar 21, 2012 at 6:51 PM, Eva Dubin 
> wrote: 
> Is there any chance I could hire Janusz to drive 
to the Carribean R=sort, outside of Orlando, on Monday? It's 2 
hours and 40 minutes from Palm B=ach. 
wrote: 
> 
******** ***** ***** ***** ******* ******************* ***** 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and 
> is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
> unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please 
> notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
> jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> , and destroy 
> this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
> copyright -all rights reserved 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
EFTA_R1_02053559 
EFTA02697070

<key>date-receiyed</key> 
<I nteger>1332362555</i nteger> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>27</integer> 
<integer>6</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>212722</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_02053560 
EFTA02697071

