# EFTA02413936

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com>|
|To|ME Karim WADE|
|Sent|Sat Dec 04 11:54:01 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** mail.com] From: ME Karim WADE Sent Sat 12/4/2010 5:00:06 PM Subject: Re: Sorry Jeffrey. I am on the crisis on Ivory Coast this is why I was not reachable. Can I call u now. Cu From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> To: ME Karim WADE Sent: Sat Dec 04 11:54:01 2010 Subject: I m with Prince Andrew at my house in New York, call if you get a chance 212 772 9416, We are talking about the opportuitcs in Africa *t*t*t*t*t*t*t*****t*t*t*t*t*t***t***t*t***t*t*t*t*t*t*t*t* The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside i

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.comijeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
ME Karim WADE 
Sent 
Sat 12/4/2010 5:00:06 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Sorry Jeffrey. I am on the crisis on Ivory Coast this is why I was not reachable. Can I call u now. Cu 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
To: ME Karim WADE 
Sent: Sat Dec 04 11:54:01 2010 
Subject: 
I m with Prince Andrew at my house in New York, call if you get a chance 212 772 9416, We 
are talking about the opportuitcs in Africa 
*t*t*t*t*t*t*t*****t*t*t*t*t*t***t***t*t***t*t*t*t*t*t*t*t* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation®gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01476621 
EFTA02413936

