# EFTA02583699

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Glenn Dubin giMill=a Sent: Friday, November 24, 2017 1:03 PM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Thx. Great having you....annual tradition. Everyone loves the new format! On Nov 24, 2017, at 6:53 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: https://www.gppcpa.com/blog/2016/09/0

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Glenn Dubin giMill=a 
Sent: 
Friday, November 24, 2017 1:03 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
Thx. Great having you....annual tradition. 
Everyone loves the new format! 
On Nov 24, 2017, at 6:53 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
https://www.gppcpa.com/blog/2016/09/01/new-irs-proposals-impact-family-limited-partnerships/ . 
Flp s 
are a bit of a red flag. . so i hestitate in general to use them. however if you believe you will go ahead with some 
interation of a stacey plan. then you should form it asap. . open to amendments. 
THanks very much for including me 
and the gang in your dinner 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01762075 
EFTA02583699

