# EFTA00008744 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet6
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 265

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 UNITED STATES GRAND JURY SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA -x -V- : January 19, 2021 Additional GHISLAINE MAXWELL (2018R01618) APPEARANCE S: x United States Courthouse Foley Square New York, New York March 29, 2021 10:05 a.m. States Attorney d States Attorney M inury Reporter FREE STATE REPORTING, INC. Court Reporting Transcription D.C. Area 301-261-1902 Balt. & Annap. 410-974-0947 ONLOLSDNYJ

### Match 2
> ies on the task force? A. We address cases of child sex-trafficking, adult sex-trafficking, child pornography, and child enticement. Q. Over the last, approximately, three years have you been involved in an investigation into Jeffrey Epstein and his associates, including an individual named Ghislaine Maxwell? A. Yes. Q. During your investigation have you spoken with other people, including other law enforcement officers? A. Yes. Q• Have you reviewed reports and documents prepared by others, and transcripts of testimony in other court and grand jury proceedings? FREE STATE REPORTING, INC. C

### Match 3
> TE REPORTING, INC. Court Reporting Transcription D.C. Area 301-261-1902 Balt. & Annap. 410-974-0947 GM_GLSDNY_00000227 EFTA00008748 03/29/2021 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 BY MS. Q. "Have you participated in an investigation of Ghislaine Maxwell?" A. "Yes, I have." Q. "Have you spoken to other people, including other law enforcement officers about this investigation?" A. "Yes." Q. "Have you reviewed reports and documents prepared by others regarding this case?" A. "Yes." Q. "Is your testimony today based in part on those con

### Match 4
> resentation to assist in testifying today." Q. "Did you participate in preparing this Exhibit in connection with your testimony today?" A. "Yes, I did." Q. "If you could please turn to the first slide. Who are the individuals depicted in these photographs?" A. "The picture on the left is Ghislaine Maxwell, and the picture on the right is Jeffrey Epstein with Ghislaine Maxwell." Q. "Based on your participation in this investigation and your review of public source materials, have Maxwell and Epstein been photographed together many times over the years?" A. "Yes." Q. "Based on your particip

### Match 5
> preparing this Exhibit in connection with your testimony today?" A. "Yes, I did." Q. "If you could please turn to the first slide. Who are the individuals depicted in these photographs?" A. "The picture on the left is Ghislaine Maxwell, and the picture on the right is Jeffrey Epstein with Ghislaine Maxwell." Q. "Based on your participation in this investigation and your review of public source materials, have Maxwell and Epstein been photographed together many times over the years?" A. "Yes." Q. "Based on your participation in this investigation and your review of public materials, where is

### Match 6
> "Yes." Q. "How many times?" A. "Twice." Q. "And is the information you're about to provide based on your interviews with A. "Yes." Q. "Did begin working for Epstein in the early 1990s?" A. "Yes, he did." Q. "At the time came to work for Epstein in Palm Beach, was Epstein dating Ghislaine Maxwell at that point?" A. "Not at that time." 4• "Was it a few years before Epstein began dating Maxwell after started working there?" A. "Yes." MS. I'm going to step out of the read back. It sounds like the grand jurors are having difficulty hearing. Are you having difficulty hearing me, the

### Match 7
> tified earlier that her birthday was in . So did she turn 14 in A. "Yes." Q. "What did she do that summer?" A. "She attended an arts camp at Interlochen Center for the Arts." Q. "And is Interlochen summer arts program located in Michigan?" A. "Yes." Q. "Did meet Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell that summer?" A. "Yes, she did." Q. "Did she meet them at summer camp?" A. "Yes." Q. "What did she tell you about that?" A. "She said that she was sitting at a picnic table with friends when Epstein and Maxwell walked by. They stopped to talk to her, engaged her in conversation, asked

### Match 8
> ials GM?" FREE STATE REPORTING, INC. Court Reporting Transcription D.C. Area 301-261-1902 Balt. & Annap. 410-974-0947 GM_GLSDNY_0O00O24O EFTA00008761 03/29/2021 19 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 A. "Yes, they do." Q. "Are those Ghislaine Maxwell's initials?" A. "Yes." Q. "Have you obtained any records from Interlochen to indicate that Maxwell was at Interlochen in 1994?" A. "Yes." Q. "If we could turn to the next slide. Can you please explain for the grand jury what we're looking at on this slide?" A. "This was a letter from I

### Match 9
> 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 03/29/2021 47 they were in high school -- about at least one trip to New York City that she took with Epstein?" A. "Yes." Q. "Did he remember describing Epstein's townhouse in Manhattan?" A. "Yes." Q. "And does he remember talking often about Ghislaine Maxwell?" A. "Yes." Q. "Now based on your interviews with ■, did he tell you whether he knew back then, when they were in high school, whether was being sexually abused by Epstein?" A. "He didn't know back then." Q. "Did ■ ever meet Ghislaine Maxwell?" A. "Yes, he did." Q. "What did he reme

### Match 10
> "And does he remember talking often about Ghislaine Maxwell?" A. "Yes." Q. "Now based on your interviews with ■, did he tell you whether he knew back then, when they were in high school, whether was being sexually abused by Epstein?" A. "He didn't know back then." Q. "Did ■ ever meet Ghislaine Maxwell?" A. "Yes, he did." Q. "What did he remember about that?" A. "He remembered Epstein, Maxwell, and being near a movie theatre, and he was approximately 16 at the time and would have been 15, and just the little bit of interaction they had. And then after that, had told him that Maxwell
