# EFTA00030378 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** kathryn milofsky <1
- **To:** "
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Important question re USA V Ghislaine Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: (USANYS)" -: To: ' (USANYS)".. Cc: "M (USANYS)" ctl Subject: Re: Important question re USA V Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Sun, 05 Jul 2020 00:36:40 +0000 I'll respond and also let them know not to contact you anymore. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 4, 2020, at 7:15 PM, FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: kathryn milofsky <1 Date: Jul 4, 2020 at 19:08:45 EDT To:" it (USANYS) <I > wrote:

### Match 2
> I'll respond and also let them know not to contact you anymore. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 4, 2020, at 7:15 PM, FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: kathryn milofsky <1 Date: Jul 4, 2020 at 19:08:45 EDT To:" it (USANYS) <I > wrote: Subject: Important question re USA V Ghislaine Maxwell Reply-To: kathryn milofsky Dear Mr -, I am Kathryn Milofsky a producer for ITV News in the UK, based in NY. We are the largest commercial broadcaster in the UK, similar in style stature to NBC. We are trying to establish when the bail hearing is in your case USA V Maxwell. Could you be so kin

### Match 3
> From: (USANYS)" -: To: ' (USANYS)".. Cc: "M (USANYS)" ctl Subject: Re: Important question re USA V Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Sun, 05 Jul 2020 00:36:40 +0000 I'll respond and also let them know not to contact you anymore. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 4, 2020, at 7:15 PM, FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: kathryn milofsky <1 Date: Jul 4, 2020 at 19:08:45 EDT To:" it (USANYS) <I

### Match 4
> I'll respond and also let them know not to contact you anymore. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 4, 2020, at 7:15 PM, FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: kathryn milofsky <1 Date: Jul 4, 2020 at 19:08:45 EDT To:" it (USANYS) <I > wrote: Subject: Important question re USA V Ghislaine Maxwell Reply-To: kathryn milofsky Dear Mr -, I am Kathryn Milofsky a producer for ITV News in the UK, based in NY. We are the largest commercial broadcaster in the UK, similar in style stature to NBC. We are trying to establish when the bail hearing is in your case USA V Maxwell. Could you b

### Match 5
> on re USA V Ghislaine Maxwell Reply-To: kathryn milofsky Dear Mr -, I am Kathryn Milofsky a producer for ITV News in the UK, based in NY. We are the largest commercial broadcaster in the UK, similar in style stature to NBC. We are trying to establish when the bail hearing is in your case USA V Maxwell. Could you be so kind as to let me know. Have a wonderful safe July 4th. Best Kathryn Milofsky Producer ITV News EFTA00030378
