# EFTA00023458 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** EIMII
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: [EXTERNAL] URGENT: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: EIMII > To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] URGENT: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Fri, 29 Oct 2021 16:38:40 +0000 There was mail picked up today. >>> BOBBI C STERNHEIM 10/29/2021 11:50 AM >» Further my earlier email today, as of 10:30 a.m., USPO tracking lists the following 4 items of legal mail "Available for Pickup" and does not indicate that MDC has ret

### Match 2
> From: EIMII > To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] URGENT: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Fri, 29 Oct 2021 16:38:40 +0000 There was mail picked up today. >>> BOBBI C STERNHEIM 10/29/2021 11:50 AM >» Further my earlier email today, as of 10:30 a.m., USPO tracking lists the following 4 items of legal mail "Available for Pickup" and does not indicate that MDC

### Match 3
> ct 2021 16:38:40 +0000 There was mail picked up today. >>> BOBBI C STERNHEIM 10/29/2021 11:50 AM >» Further my earlier email today, as of 10:30 a.m., USPO tracking lists the following 4 items of legal mail "Available for Pickup" and does not indicate that MDC has retrieved or received them. Ms. Maxwell has not received legal mail in more than a week. Please confirm IMMEDIATELY the status of these items on your end. Failure to response today will result in the filing of an order to show cause requiring your presence in Court. BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim New Yor

### Match 4
> be confidential and/or privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. > -- > Isabel Maxwell, Paralegal, Leah Saffian, Inc. > LAW OFFICES OF LEAH SAFFIAN• LEAH SAFFIAN BA JD LLM LOS ANGELES, CA 90025, USA EFTA00023458 > NOTICE: The information transmitted by this email is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed. This email may contain proprietary, business-con

### Match 5
> legally privileged material. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, be aware that any use, review, retransmission, distribution, reproduction or any action taken in reliance upon this message is strictly prohibited. If you received this in error, lease contact the sender Isabel Maxwell at Te d delete the material from all computers. EFTA00023459
