# EFTA02591154

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: media lab, joi ito

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** ailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Yes On Thursday, October 16, 2014, Joi Ito l<javascript:_e(%78%7=,'cvmli, > wrote: Wow. So I just have=my accounting team coordinate with him about the process right? On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:56 jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>=wrote: > This is separate 2 mil from bill gates > On Thursday, October 16, 2014, Joi Ito wrote: > Does Larry work for Leon? > On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:20 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com > Joi- Larry , Larry joi - joi party would like to coordinate a gif= > > > > > > please note > The information contained in this communication is >

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, October 16, 2014 6:40 PM 
To: 
Joi Ito 
Subject: 
Re: 
Call my cell 
On Thursday, October 16, 2014, jeffr=y E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Yes 
On Thursday, October 16, 2014, Joi Ito
l<javascript:_e(%78%7=,'cvmli, 
> wrote: 
Wow. So I just have=my accounting team coordinate with him about the process right? 
On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:56 jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>=wrote: 
> This is separate 2 mil from bill gates 
> On Thursday, October 16, 2014, Joi Ito 
wrote: 
> Does Larry work for Leon? 
> On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:20 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
> Joi- Larry , Larry joi - joi party would like to coordinate a gif= 
> > 
> > 
> > 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> 
JEE 
> > Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and » destroy this communication and all 
copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
> > 
> --
> Please use this email for confidential mail only. For general Media La= email, please use 
EFTA_R1_01773518 
EFTA02591154

> --
> 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Please use this email for confidential mail only. For general Media Lab ema=l, please use 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constit=te inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addresse=. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying =f this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and =ay be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication an= all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights r=served 
=C2 please note 
2 
EFTA_R1_01773519 
EFTA02591155

The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addresser. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying =f this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and =ay be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and<=r>destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all atta=hments. copyright 
-all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01773520 
EFTA02591156

