# EFTA02319951

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Feierstein, Kimberly|
|Sent|Monday, December 06, 2010 1:36 PM|
|Subject|Re: Christmas|

---

**[FULL]:** uggestions: - 2 pairs Butter Sweatpants (in size for her age) -Japanese tea set - Ballet flats - she wears size 3 -flat Adidas soccer shoes for indoor play 9menaing no cleats)-size 3 TBD 3 EFTA_R1_01228880 EFTA02319953 Original Message From: Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 3:58 PM To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, Kimberly Subject: Christmas Hi Eva, Just wondering if you could give some insight on Christmas present ideas for I'm looking for speakers for room and bathroom for her present. Any input would be greatly appreciated. Thank you! This e-mail message is intended only for the named

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Monday, December 6, 2010 8:21 PM 
To: 
Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: 
Re: Christmas 
Than you. I also have someone at adidas store right now looking at soccer shoes. They only make them with cleats. 
Should we just get her a pair of Adidas tennis shoes? 
On Dec 6 2010 at 3:19 PM "Feierstein Kimberly" 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
The answer is kids large. 
From: 
Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 2:28 PM 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Re: Christmas 
We are getting the Adidas soccer shoes and I'm looking at the Butter sweatpants as well. can you please let me 
know what size is best for the sweats? they sell for adults and children. I'm not sure how kid's sizing works? 
<image001.jpg> 
On Dec 6, 2010, at 2:16 PM, Feierstein, Kimberly wrote: 
What about for= 
Any idea what he is getting for 
I want to give away the other gift ideas to 
someone else. Thanks. 
 
Original Message 
From: 
Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 1:36 PM 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Re: Christmas 
EFTA_R1_01228878 
EFTA02319951

thank you..l'm looking for speakers for her from JE 
On Dec 6, 2010, at 1:34 PM, Feierstein, Kimberly wrote: 
Change of plans...One of 
are going to give her the sunglasses. 
 
Original Message 
From: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 9:15 AM 
To 
Subject: RE: Christmas 
Actually. 
said Jeffrey was getting her speakers? She wants to make sure she gets the sunglasses 
so I can have one of 
et them for her unless he does need more gift ideas for her. Let me know. 
 
Original Message 
From: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 9:02 AM 
To 
Subject: RE: Christmas 
Sunglasses (the Haviana ones) - <http://www.gooddens.com/pd-ray-ban-sunglasses-rb4125-cats-S000-
mens.cfm> http://www.gooddens.com/pd-ray-ban-sunglasses-rb4125-cats-5000-mens.cfm 
She also said gifts cards to stores such as - Bloomingdales, Olive Bette, Victoria Secret 
Original Message 
2 
EFTA_R1_01228879 
EFTA02319952

From 
Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 4:32 PM 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Re: Christmas 
Thank you! I will forward this to Sue as well. I had asked her to help me with ideas and in buying Xmas 
presents, so it's a joint effort! 
On Dec 3, 2010, at 4:28 PM, "Feierstein, Kimberly" «mailto 
> wrote: 
Hi 
I totally had this answer for you earlier, but I didn't have a chance to send yet. Also, 
Eva originally had me sending it to Susan. Do I need to send to her as well? 
- he would love to get 5-10 of the balls in the link below. They are for a machine. 
<http://www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?productld=37006768(cp=2367438.2367820.2356658.2 
360703> 
http://www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?productld=37006768tcp=2367438.2367820.2356658.2360703 
- here are a few suggestions: 
- 2 pairs Butter Sweatpants (in size for her age) 
-Japanese tea set 
- Ballet flats - she wears size 3 
-flat Adidas soccer shoes for indoor play 9menaing no cleats)-size 3 
TBD 
3 
EFTA_R1_01228880 
EFTA02319953

 
Original Message 
From: 
Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 3:58 PM 
To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Christmas 
Hi Eva, 
Just wondering if you could give some insight on Christmas present ideas for 
I'm looking for speakers for 
room and bathroom for her present. Any input would be greatly appreciated. 
Thank you! 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain 
confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) 
from your system. Thank you. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying 
of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately 
notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
4 
EFTA_R1_01228881 
EFTA02319954

This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. 
If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-
mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the 
sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. 
If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-
mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the 
sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
5 
EFTA_R1_01228882 
EFTA02319955

