# EFTA02559119

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, September 10, 2012 11:24 AM To: Eva Dubin= is there a time this week to go to woodys set? i am leaving on thurs =ight. The information contained in this communicati=n is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of Jeffrey Eps

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, September 10, 2012 11:24 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin= 
is there a time this week to go to woodys set? i am leaving on thurs =ight. 
The information contained in this communicati=n is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying=of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unla=ful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us=immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
--047d7b5d242e8eef7504c95732a8-- conversation-id 230028 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1347276254 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 244930 
1 
EFTA_R1_01719304 
EFTA02559119

