# EFTA00015209 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** '
- **To:** '
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** ImageNide째 file review for Maxwell case

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> )" < Cc: FBI " PD)" (USANYS)" Subject: ImageNide째 file review for Maxwell case Date: Fri, 16 Oct 2020 17:45:05 +0000 Hi My supervisors gave me your name as the point of contact at the FBI to help coordinate the review of images and videos from Jeffrey Epstein's devices for discovery in the Ghislaine Maxwell case. Thank you so much for being willing to help out with this while and IM are traveling. I've spoken with about some of the logistics, and it would be great if you and I could have a call to talk about next steps. Is there a time this afternoon when you would be free for a call? Thanks, A

### Match 2
> )" < Cc: FBI " PD)" (USANYS)" Subject: ImageNide째 file review for Maxwell case Date: Fri, 16 Oct 2020 17:45:05 +0000 Hi My supervisors gave me your name as the point of contact at the FBI to help coordinate the review of images and videos from Jeffrey Epstein's devices for discovery in the Ghislaine Maxwell case. Thank you so much for being willing to help out with this while and IM are traveling. I've spoken with about some of the logistics, and it would be great if you and I could have a call to talk about next steps. Is there a time this afternoon when you would be free for a call? Th

### Match 3
> From: ' )" < To: ' (NY) (FBI)" < Cc: FBI " PD)" (USANYS)" Subject: ImageNide째 file review for Maxwell case Date: Fri, 16 Oct 2020 17:45:05 +0000 Hi My supervisors gave me your name as the point of contact at the FBI to help coordinate the review of images and videos from Jeffrey Epstein's devices for discovery in the Ghislaine Maxwell case. Thank you so much for being willing to help out with
