# EFTA02279385

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** yment will arrive. tT kou, Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein On Mar 13 2019 at 2:27 PM, Guan Chen wrote: Dear I hope all is well! My name is Guan, and I am coordinating the Hasty Pudding Institute's Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala this year. Maddie Hagen gave me your email. I received word from Andrew Farkas that Mr. Epstein has generously agreed to contribute $50,000 to the Hasty Pudding Institute for the Gala. We are so appreciative of his donation and continued support over the years, which directly impacts and improves our programming. EFTA_R1_01097838 EFTA02279385 I just wanted to che

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Cc: 
a 
ein 
From: 
Guan Chen 
Sent 
Wed 3/20/2019 2:17:28 PM 
Subject Re: Order of the Golden Sphinx Contribution 
Hi Bella & 
The check was received yesterday. Thank you very much again for your assistance! 
Best, 
Guan 
On Wed, Mar 13, 2019 at 4:10 PM 
wrote: 
great! 
On Mar 13, 2019, at 3:42 PM, Guan Chen 
wrote: 
Hi, 
Thank you very much. Bella and I just connected via phone and I sent her the best address 
for mailing the check. 
Best, 
Guan 
On Wed, Mar 13, 2019 at 3:40 PM 
wrote: 
Hello Guan. I have Bella in our accounting dept cc'd on this mail. She will let 
us know how the payment will arrive. 
tT
kou, 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
On Mar 13 2019 at 2:27 PM, Guan Chen 
wrote: 
Dear 
I hope all is well! My name is Guan, and I am coordinating the Hasty Pudding 
Institute's Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala this year. Maddie Hagen 
gave me your email. 
I received word from Andrew Farkas that Mr. Epstein has generously agreed 
to contribute $50,000 to the Hasty Pudding Institute for the Gala. 
We are so appreciative of his donation and continued support over 
the years, which directly impacts and improves our programming. 
EFTA_R1_01097838 
EFTA02279385

I just wanted to check in on his preferred method of making this donation (check, 
credit, or direct deposit), and if there is anything I could do to help 
facilitate. If it has already been made, please let me know the 
method so I can confirm that it arrives safely. 
Many thanks again to Mr. Epstein for his generous support! 
Best, 
Guan 
Guan-Yue Chen 
Project Coordinator and Alumni Manager 
Hast Puddin Institute 
m: 
Guan-Yue Chen 
Project Coordinator and Alumni Manager 
Has Puddin Institute 
m: 
Guan-Yue Chen 
Project Coordinator and Alumni Manager 
mast Pudding Institute 
m: 
EFTA_R1_01097839 
EFTA02279386

