# EFTA02594177

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** e advise of ok for Darren to obtain wiring instructions for Jeepers=to send Thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 tel fax cell > > Please note a Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC (the Q.804>Fund") cash distribution with respect to the interest in the =und held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on November 12, 2014 in the below am=unt. The distribution is effective October 1, 2014. Pursuant t= the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement dated as of August 1, 2011 =etween Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the amount will be distributed to Je=pers, Inc. in accordance with its

**[FULL]:** LLC (the Q.804>Fund") cash distribution with respect to the interest in the =und held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on November 12, 2014 in the below am=unt. The distribution is effective October 1, 2014. Pursuant t= the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement dated as of August 1, 2011 =etween Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the amount will be distributed to Je=pers, Inc. in accordance with its wire instructions on file with the Fund.=u> Glenn Dubin: $222,549.24 wired to leepe=s Inc., Bank of New York Please conta=t Nicole Higgins at (212) 515-7790 with any questions. Thank you, Fortress VRF=

**[FULL]:** w am=unt. The distribution is effective October 1, 2014. Pursuant t= the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement dated as of August 1, 2011 =etween Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the amount will be distributed to Je=pers, Inc. in accordance with its wire instructions on file with the Fund.=u> Glenn Dubin: $222,549.24 wired to leepe=s Inc., Bank of New York Please conta=t Nicole Higgins at (212) 515-7790 with any questions. Thank you, Fortress VRF=Advisors I LLC Fortress VRF Investor Re=ations Fortress Investment Group=/div> New York, NY 10105<=> <javascript:_e(%76%7D/cvml );> Begin forward

**[WORD]:** ation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, November 12, 2014 6:14 PM To: Richard Kahn Subject: Re: Jeepers from Fortress Ok On Wednesday, November 12, 2014, Richard Kahn < <mailto wr=te: =eepers has received 222,549.24 from Fortress Per attached backstop agr=ement that money must be delivered to Dubin within 5 business days Please advise of ok for Darren to obtain wiring instructions for Jeepers=to send Thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 tel fax cell > > Please note a Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC (the Q.804>Fund") cash distribution with respect to the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, November 12, 2014 6:14 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: Jeepers from Fortress 
Ok 
On Wednesday, November 12, 2014, Richard Kahn < 
<mailto 
wr=te: 
=eepers has received 222,549.24 from Fortress 
Per attached backstop agr=ement that money must be delivered to Dubin within 5 business days 
Please advise of ok for Darren to obtain wiring instructions for Jeepers=to send 
Thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
> > 
Please note a Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC (the Q.804>Fund") cash distribution with respect to the 
interest in the =und held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on November 12, 2014 in the below am=unt. The distribution is 
effective October 1, 2014. Pursuant t= the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement dated as of August 1, 2011 
=etween Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the amount will be distributed to Je=pers, Inc. in accordance with its wire 
instructions on file with the Fund.=u> 
Glenn Dubin: $222,549.24 wired to leepe=s Inc., Bank of New York 
Please conta=t Nicole Higgins at (212) 515-7790 with any questions. 
Thank you, 
Fortress VRF=Advisors I LLC 
Fortress VRF Investor Re=ations 
Fortress Investment Group=/div> 
New York, NY 10105<=> 
<javascript:_e(%76%7D/cvml 
);> 
Begin forwarded message: 
EFTA_R1_01777898 
EFTA02594177

<=iv style="margin-top:Opx;margin-right:Opx;margin-bottom:Opx;margin-left:=px">=b>From: 
kmbizhub@hbrkassociates.com 
Mes=age from KMBT_C253 
Date: November 11, 2014 at 4:52:30 PM EST 
</=pan> 
To: 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D;cvmr, 
;> 
<=iv style="margin-top:Opx;margin-right:Opx;margin-bottom:Opx;margin-left:=px">=b>Reply-To: 
<=r> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may =e attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is=intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JE= 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or an= part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have r=ceived this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
=eturn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01777899 
EFTA02594178

