# EFTA02597906

**LES WEXNER REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, l brands, victoria, columbus, ohio, power of attorney, property, trust, financial, bank

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** Form of Summary Advertisement dated May 4, 1999. (a)(12) Press Release dated May 3, 1999. 2 EFTA_R1_01783623 EFTA02597907 (a)(13) The Limited, Inc. Stock Tender Offer--Associate Questions and Answers (b) Not applicable. (c) Agreement dated as of May 3, 1999 among The Limited, Inc., Leslie H. Wexner and the Wexner Children's Trust. (d) Not applicable. (e) Not applicable. (f) Not applicable. 3 SIGNATURE After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify tha= the information set forth in this statement is true, complete and correct. THE LIMITED, INC. 1=1 Kenneth B.

**[WORD]:** otice to holders of vested stock options. (a)(11) Form of Summary Advertisement dated May 4, 1999. (a)(12) Press Release dated May 3, 1999. (a)(13) The Limited, Inc. Stock Tender Offer--Associate Questions and Answers (c)(1) Agreement dated as of May 3, 1999 among The Limited, Inc., Leslie H. Wexner and the Wexner Children's Trust. EXHIBIT (a)(1) Offer to Purchase for Cash by The Limited, Inc. Up to 15,000,000 Shares of its Common Stock At a Purchase Price Not Greater than $55.00 Nor Less than $50.00 Per Share THE OFFER, THE PRORATION PERIOD AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 12:00 M

**[WORD]:** . The Offer is not conditioned upon any minimum number of Shares being tendered. The Offer is, however, subject to certain other conditions. See Section 6. Neither the Company nor the Board of Directors makes any recommendation to any stockholder whether to tender some or all Shares. Leslie H. Wexner, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, his immedia=e family members and affiliated entities have agreed not to tender any Shares pursuant to the Offer. See Section 11. The Company has been advised that it= other directors and executive officers have not determined whethe

**[WORD]:** In addition, as of such date, an aggregate of approximately 4,282,0=7 Shares were issuable upon exercise of stock options. The 15,000,000 Shares that the Company is offering to purchase represent approximately 6.6% of th= Shares then outstanding (approximately 8.8% excluding the Shares that Mr. Wexner, his family and affiliated entities have agreed not to tender) and approximately 6.5% of the fully diluted Shares outstanding as of such date (approximately 8.7% excluding the Shares that Mr. Wexner, his family and affiliated entities have agreed not to tender). The Shares are listed and principa

**[WORD]:** pproximately 6.6% of th= Shares then outstanding (approximately 8.8% excluding the Shares that Mr. Wexner, his family and affiliated entities have agreed not to tender) and approximately 6.5% of the fully diluted Shares outstanding as of such date (approximately 8.7% excluding the Shares that Mr. Wexner, his family and affiliated entities have agreed not to tender). The Shares are listed and principally traded on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. (the "NYSE&quo=;). The Shares are also listed and traded on the London Stock Exchange. On April 30= 1999, the last full day of trading prior to annou

**[WORD]:** ompany's confidence in its business, and would be a t=x- efficient way to distribute cash to those stockholders who wanted to receiv= cash for a portion of their Shares. In addition, over the past several months, representatives of the Board hav= conducted discussions with representatives of Mr. Wexner, the Company's Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, with respect to the approximately $352 million in cash which the Company is obliged to hold in = separate subsidiary in order to honor its obligations under the Contingent Stock Redemption Agreement (the "Contingent Stock Redemption

**[WORD]:** y $352 million in cash which the Company is obliged to hold in = separate subsidiary in order to honor its obligations under the Contingent Stock Redemption Agreement (the "Contingent Stock Redemption Agreement=quot;), dated as of January 26, 1996 and amended in July 1996, among the Company, M=. Wexner and the Wexner Children's Trust (the "Trust"). During =he course of those discussions, representatives of Mr. Wexner and the Company discussed =he possibility of allowing the Company to use the restricted cash to repurchas= shares from the Company's other stockholders. Under 9 EFTA_R1_01783630

**[WORD]:** s under the Contingent Stock Redemption Agreement (the "Contingent Stock Redemption Agreement=quot;), dated as of January 26, 1996 and amended in July 1996, among the Company, M=. Wexner and the Wexner Children's Trust (the "Trust"). During =he course of those discussions, representatives of Mr. Wexner and the Company discussed =he possibility of allowing the Company to use the restricted cash to repurchas= shares from the Company's other stockholders. Under 9 EFTA_R1_01783630 EFTA02597914 this proposal, Mr. =exner and the Trust would permit the Company to use the restricted cash to repurcha

**[WORD]:** s other stockholders. Under 9 EFTA_R1_01783630 EFTA02597914 this proposal, Mr. =exner and the Trust would permit the Company to use the restricted cash to repurchase Shares at a premium to their market price and would agree not to participate in such repurchase. Consequently, the Company, Mr. Wexner and t=e Trust would agree 3 to rescind the Contingent Stock Redemption Agreement. The terms of the Contingent Stock Redemption Agreement are summarized in the Company's 1=99 Proxy Statement and a copy of the Agreement has been filed with the Commiss=on as an exhibit to the Company's Annual Repo

**[WORD]:** ct to this matter, and Davis Polk & Wardwell, its legal advisor, t=e Board concluded that, although the Company's rights under the Contingen= Stock Redemption Agreement (which are not exercisable until July 31, 2006) were potentially of future benefit to the Company's stockholders other than =r. Wexner, the opportunity for the Company to use the approximately $352 milli=n in restricted cash to repurchase Shares at a premium represented a greater immediate, tangible benefit to the Company's public stockholders, and w=s therefore in their best overall interests. In addition, the Board recognize=

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, August 5, 2018 11:22 AM 
To: 
jeffrey epstein 
Item 1. Security and Issuer. 
(a) The name of the issuer is The Limited, Inc., a Delaware corporation (th= "Company"), which has its principal executive 
offices at Three li=ited Parkway, Columbus, Ohio 43230 (telephone number (614) 415.7000). 
(b) This schedule relates to the offer by the Company to purchase up to 15,000,000 outstanding shares of the common 
stock, $.50 par value per share= of the Company (such shares, together with all other issued and outstanding shares of 
common stock of the Company, are herein referred to as the "Shares"), at a price specified by its stockholders, not 
greater =han $55.00 nor less than $50.00 per Share, net to the seller in cash, upon the terms a=d subject to the 
conditions set forth in the Offer to Purchase dated May 4, 1=99 (the "Offer to Purchase"), and related Letter of 
Transmittal, cop=es of which are attached hereto as Exhibits (a)(1) and (a)(2), respectively. The information contained in 
the Introduction to, and in Sections 1, 8, 9 and 1= of, the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference. 
(c) The information set forth in the Introduction to and in Section 7 of th= Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by 
reference. 
(d) Not applicable. 
Item 2. Source and Amount of Funds or Other Consideration. 
(a) The information set forth in Section 9 of the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference. 
(b) Not applicable. 
Item 3. Purpose of the Tender Offer and Plans or Proposals of the Issuer or Affiliate. 
(a)-(j) The information set forth in the Introduction to and in the section entitled "Background and Purpose of the Offer" 
and in Section 10 =f the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference. 
Item 4. Interest in Securities of the Issuer. 
The information set forth in Section 11 of the Offer to Purchase, and the information set forth in Schedule A thereto, is 
incorporated herein by reference. 
Item 5. Contracts, Arrangements, Understandings or Relationships With Respe=t to the Issuer's Securities. 
The information set forth in the section entitled "Background and Purp=se of the Offer" and Section 11 of the Offer to 
Purchase is incorporated her=in by reference. 
Item 6. Persons Retained, Employed or to be Compensated. 
The information set forth in Section 15 of the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference. 
EFTA_R1_01783622 
EFTA02597906

Item 7. Financial Information. 
(a) The financial information set forth in Section 10 of the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference. 
(b) The pro forma data set forth in Section 10 of the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference. 
2 
Item 8. Additional Information. 
(a) Not applicable. 
(b) The information set forth in Section 12 of the Offer to Purchase is incorporated herein by reference. 
(c) None. 
(d) None. 
(e) Not applicable. 
Item 9. Material to be Filed as Exhibits. 
(a)(1) Form of Offer to Purchase dated May 4, 1999. 
(a)(2) Form of Letter of Transmittal dated May 4, 1999, together with Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer 
Identification Number on Substitut= Form W-9. 
(a)(3) Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. 
(a)(4) Form of letter from Lazard Freres & Co. Ilc and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. to brokers, dealers, commercial banks, 
trust companies and other nominees dated May 4, 1999. 
(a)(5) Form of letter from brokers, dealers, commercial banks and trust companies to their clients dated May 4, 1999. 
(a)(6) Form of letter to stockholders from the Company, dated May 4, 1999. 
(a)(7) Form of letter from Savings and Retirement Plan Administrative Committee, including Letter and Form of Notice of 
Instructions to all participants in the Company's Savings and Retirement Plan. 
(a)(8) Form of letter from Savings and Retirement Plan Administrative Committee to all participants in the Company's 
Savings and Retirement P=an who are subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amende=. 
(a)(9) Form of letter from Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated to all participants in the Company's Stock 
Purchase Plan. 
(a)(10) Form of Notice to holders of vested stock options. 
(a)(11) Form of Summary Advertisement dated May 4, 1999. 
(a)(12) Press Release dated May 3, 1999. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01783623 
EFTA02597907

(a)(13) The Limited, Inc. Stock Tender Offer--Associate Questions and Answers 
(b) Not applicable. 
(c) Agreement dated as of May 3, 1999 among The Limited, Inc., Leslie H. Wexner and the Wexner Children's Trust. 
(d) Not applicable. 
(e) Not applicable. 
(f) Not applicable. 
3 
SIGNATURE 
After due inquiry and to the best of my knowledge and belief, I certify tha= the information set forth in this statement is 
true, complete and correct. 
THE LIMITED, INC. 
1=1 Kenneth B. Gilman 
By: 
Kenneth B. Gilman 
Vice Chairman and 
Chief Administrative Officer 
Dated: May 4, 1999 
4 
EXHIBIT INDEX 
Exhibit 
Number 
Description 
P=ge 
(a)(1) Form of Offer to Purchase dated May 4, 1999. 
(a)(2) Form of Letter of Transmittal dated May 4, 1999, together with 
Guidelines for Certification of Taxpayer Identification Number 
on Substitute Form W-9. 
(a)(3) Form of Notice of Guaranteed Delivery. 
(a)(4) Form of letter from Lazard Freres & Co. Ilc and J.P. Morgan 
Securities Inc. to brokers, dealers, commercial banks, trust 
companies and other nominees dated May 4, 1999. 
(a)(5) Form of letter from brokers, dealers, commercial banks and 
trust companies to their clients dated May 4, 1999. 
(a)(6) Form of letter to stockholders from the Company, dated May 4, 
1999. 
(a)(7) Form of letter from Savings and Retirement Plan Administrative 
3 
EFTA_R1_01783824 
EFTA02597908

Committee, including Letter and Form of Notice of Instructions 
to all participants in the Company's Savings and Retirement 
Plan. 
(a)(8) Form of letter from Savings and Retirement Plan Administrative 
Committee to all participants in the Company's Savings and 
Retirement Plan who are subject to Section 16 of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
(a)(9) Form of letter from Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith to 
all participants in the Company's Stock Purchase Plan. 
(a)(10) Form of Notice to holders of vested stock options. 
(a)(11) Form of Summary Advertisement dated May 4, 1999. 
(a)(12) Press Release dated May 3, 1999. 
(a)(13) The Limited, Inc. Stock Tender Offer--Associate Questions and 
Answers 
(c)(1) Agreement dated as of May 3, 1999 among The Limited, Inc., 
Leslie H. Wexner and the Wexner Children's Trust. 
EXHIBIT (a)(1) 
Offer to Purchase for Cash 
by 
The Limited, Inc. 
Up to 15,000,000 Shares of its Common Stock At a Purchase Price Not Greater than $55.00 Nor Less than $50.00 Per 
Share 
THE OFFER, THE PRORATION PERIOD AND WITHDRAWAL RIGHTS WILL EXPIRE AT 
12:00 MIDNIGHT, NEW YORK CITY TIME, ON TUESDAY, JUNE 1, 1999, UNLESS THE 
OFFER IS EXTENDED. 
The Limited, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the "Company"), invite= its stockholders to tender shares of its common 
stock, $.50 par value per share (such shares, together with all other outstanding shares of common stock of the 
Company, are herein referred to as the "Shares"), at prices s=ecified by such stockholders, not greater than $55.00 nor 
less than $50.00 per Share, =et to the seller in cash, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set for=h herein and in 
the related Letter of Transmittal (which together constitute =he "Offer"). The Company will determine a single per Share 
price (no= greater than $55.00 nor less than $50.00 per Share) that it will pay for the Shares validly tendered pursuant to 
the Offer (the "Purchase Price"), ta=ing into account the number of Shares so tendered and the prices specified by 
tender=ng stockholders. The Company will select the Purchase Price that will allow it=to purchase 15,000,000 Shares (or 
such lesser number as are validly tendered a= prices not greater than $55.00 nor less than $50.00 per Share) pursuant to 
=he Offer. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Offer, including the provisions thereof relating to 
proration and "odd lot" tender=, the Company will purchase all Shares validly tendered at prices at or below the 
Purchase Price and not withdrawn. 
4 
EFTA_R1_01783825 
EFTA02597909

While the Board of Directors believes that the Shares represent an attractive investment for its continuing stockholders, 
the purpose of the Offer is to allow those stockholders desiring to receive cash for a portion=of their Shares an 
opportunity to do so at a price in excess of the recent trading prices for the Shares. See "Background and Purpose of the 
Offe=". 
The Shares are listed and principally traded on the New York Stock Exchange= Inc. (the "NYSE"). On April 30, 1999, the 
last full day of tradin= prior to the announcement of the Offer, the closing sale price of the Shares on the NYSE as 
reported on the Composite Tape was $43 3/4 per Share. Stockholders =re urged to obtain a current market quotation 
for the Shares. 
THE OFFER IS NOT CONDITIONED UPON ANY MINIMUM NUMBER OF SHARES BEING TENDERED. THE OFFER IS, 
HOWEVER, SUBJECT TO CERTAIN OTHER CONDITIONS. SEE 
SECTION 6. 
NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ITS BOARD OF DIRECTORS MAKES ANY RECOMMENDATION TO ANY STOCKHOLDER 
WHETHER TO TENDER ANY OR ALL SHARES. LESLIE H. WEXNER, CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
OF THE COMPANY, HIS IMMEDIA=E FAMILY MEMBERS AND AFFILIATED ENTITIES HAVE AGREED NOT TO TENDER ANY 
SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER. SEE SECTION 11. THE COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED THAT IT= OTHER DIRECTORS 
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS HAVE NOT DETERMINED WHETHER TO TENDE= THEIR SHARES PURSUANT TO THE OFFER. 
STOCKHOLDERS MUST MAKE THEIR OWN DECISI=NS WHETHER TO TENDER SHARES AND, IF SO, HOW MANY SHARES TO 
TENDER. 
SHARES PURCHASED PURSUANT TO THE OFFER WILL NOT RECEIVE THE $0.15 REGULAR QUARTERLY CASH DIVIDEND 
PAYABLE ON JUNE 30, 1999 TO HOLDERS OF RECORD ON JU=E 23, 1999