# EFTA00024224 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 6

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> U.S. Department of Justice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Silvio I. Motto Building October 26, 2021 VIA CERTIFIED MAIL Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) MDC Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Enclosed are witness materials and discovery pertinent to the following inmate: • Ghislaine Maxwell: 02879-509 Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. Very tr

### Match 2
> U.S. Department of Justice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Silvio I. Motto Building October 26, 2021 VIA CERTIFIED MAIL Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) MDC Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Enclosed are witness materials and discovery pertinent to the following inmate: • Ghislaine Maxwell: 02879-509 Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. Very truly yours, DAMIAN WILLIAMS United States Attorney by: s/ Assistant United States Attorneys Enclosure

### Match 3
> rk The Silvio I. Motto Building October 26, 2021 VIA CERTIFIED MAIL Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) MDC Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Enclosed are witness materials and discovery pertinent to the following inmate: • Ghislaine Maxwell: 02879-509 Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. Very truly yours, DAMIAN WILLIAMS United States Attorney by: s/ Assistant United States Attorneys Enclosure EFTA00024224

### Match 4
> U.S. Department of Justice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Silvio I. Motto Building October 26, 2021 VIA CERTIFIED MAIL Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) MDC Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Enclosed are witness materials and discovery pertinent to the following inmate: • Ghislaine Maxwell: 02879-509 Please allow her access to the materials enclosed.

### Match 5
> U.S. Department of Justice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Silvio I. Motto Building October 26, 2021 VIA CERTIFIED MAIL Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) MDC Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Enclosed are witness materials and discovery pertinent to the following inmate: • Ghislaine Maxwell: 02879-509 Please allow her access to the materials enclosed. Very truly yours, DAMIAN WILLIAMS United States Attorney by: s/ Assistant United States Attorneys En
