# EFTA02670690

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, November 5, 2016 2:51 PM To: Eva Dubin sore throat. still in paris. =C2 afraid to go to the middle east today. =br> please note =he information contained in this communication is confidential, may be =ttorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is in=ended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, November 5, 2016 2:51 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
sore throat. still in paris. =C2 afraid to go to the middle east today. 
=br> 
please note 
=he information contained in this communication is confidential, may be =ttorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is in=ended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEEUnauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any p=rt thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
rece=ved this communication in error, please notify us immediately by ret=rn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication an= all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights r=served 
--047d7bfd00ec56aee305408eeb2e-- conversation-id 63848 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1478357461 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 658819 
1 
EFTA_R1_01924270 
EFTA02670690

