# EFTA00024223 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 5

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> U.S. Department of Justice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Silvio .1 Mono Building October 26, 2021 VIA CERTIFIED MAIL Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) MDC Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) The password for the disc containing witness materials and discovery pertinent to Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) isMEMMI Very truly yours, DAMIAN WILLIAMS United States A

### Match 2
> U.S. Department of Justice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Silvio .1 Mono Building October 26, 2021 VIA CERTIFIED MAIL Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) MDC Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) The password for the disc containing witness materials and discovery pertinent to Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) isMEMMI Very truly yours, DAMIAN WILLIAMS United States Attorney by: s/ Assistant United States Attorneys EFTA00024223

### Match 3
> U.S. Department of Justice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Silvio .1 Mono Building October 26, 2021 VIA CERTIFIED MAIL Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) MDC Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) The password for the disc containing witness materials and discovery pertinent to Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) isMEMMI Very truly yours, DAMIAN WILLIAMS United

### Match 4
> York The Silvio .1 Mono Building October 26, 2021 VIA CERTIFIED MAIL Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. 02879-509) MDC Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) The password for the disc containing witness materials and discovery pertinent to Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) isMEMMI Very truly yours, DAMIAN WILLIAMS United States Attorney by: s/ Assistant United States Attorneys EFTA00024223
