# EFTA00015659 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 7

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS-
- **Sent:** Sunday, November 28, 2021 3:31 PM
- **Subject:** United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Sun, 28 Nov 2021 20:36:26 +0000 Yes, I will talk to the team! Special Assistant to the U.S. Attorney Southern District of New York From: Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 3:31 PM To: Subject: Fwd: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Can someone please reserve a seat for me? I'll try

### Match 2
> From: To: Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Sun, 28 Nov 2021 20:36:26 +0000 Yes, I will talk to the team! Special Assistant to the U.S. Attorney Southern District of New York From: Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 3:31 PM To: Subject: Fwd: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Can someone please reserve a seat for me? I'll try to get there at 9 after I drop off the kids. Begin forwarded message: From: Date: ovem er , a : : To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- CRIMINALPARALEGALS@usa.doj.gov> USANYS-INV

### Match 3
> r I drop off the kids. Begin forwarded message: From: Date: ovem er , a : : To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- CRIMINALPARALEGALS@usa.doj.gov> USANYS-INVESTIGATORS <USANYS-INVESTIGATORS@usa.doj.gov> Cc: Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex crimes that took place in 1994. If you want to find them, you'll have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have

### Match 4
> From: To: Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Sun, 28 Nov 2021 20:36:26 +0000 Yes, I will talk to the team! Special Assistant to the U.S. Attorney Southern District of New York From: Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 3:31 PM To: Subject: Fwd: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Can someone please reserve a seat for me?

### Match 5
> From: To: Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Sun, 28 Nov 2021 20:36:26 +0000 Yes, I will talk to the team! Special Assistant to the U.S. Attorney Southern District of New York From: Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 3:31 PM To: Subject: Fwd: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Can someone please reserve a seat for me? I'll try to get there at 9 after I drop off the kids. Begin forwarded message: From: Date: ovem er , a : : To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- CRIMINALPARALEGALS@usa.doj.gov> US

### Match 6
> r I drop off the kids. Begin forwarded message: From: Date: ovem er , a : : To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- CRIMINALPARALEGALS@usa.doj.gov> USANYS-INVESTIGATORS <USANYS-INVESTIGATORS@usa.doj.gov> Cc: Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex crimes that took place in 1994. If you want to find them, you'll have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have

### Match 7
> have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable. will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318 Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906. T
