# EFTA02645786

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>Fortress VRF Investor Relations =1|
|To|=/b>|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>Fortress Value =ecovery Fund I LLC - Distribution|

---

**[FULL]:** stor Relations =1 > Subject: =/b>Fortress Value =ecovery Fund I LLC - Distribution Date: =/b>July 6, 2017 at 6:33:10 PM =DT To: =/b> Cc: "'Jeanne Brennan Richard, Please note a Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC =the "Fund") cash distribution with respect to the =nterest in the Fund held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on July 7, 2017 =n the below amount. The distribution is effective June 1, =017. Pursuant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement =ated as of August 1, 2011 between Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the =mount will be distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with its wire =

**[FULL]:** covery Fund I LLC =the "Fund") cash distribution with respect to the =nterest in the Fund held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on July 7, 2017 =n the below amount. The distribution is effective June 1, =017. Pursuant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement =ated as of August 1, 2011 between Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the =mount will be distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with its wire =nstructions on file with the Fund. Glenn Dubin: $46,853.96 wired to Jeepers Inc., =ank of New York Please contact Melissa sullen at with any questions. EFTA_R1_01882368 EFTA02645786 Thank you, F

**[FULL]:** e below amount. The distribution is effective June 1, =017. Pursuant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement =ated as of August 1, 2011 between Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the =mount will be distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with its wire =nstructions on file with the Fund. Glenn Dubin: $46,853.96 wired to Jeepers Inc., =ank of New York Please contact Melissa sullen at with any questions. EFTA_R1_01882368 EFTA02645786 Thank you, Fortress VRF Advisors I L1C Fortress VRF Investor Relations Fortress Investment Group 1345=Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10105 =/div> =

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn < 
Sent: 
Friday, July 7, 2017 1:03 AM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC - Distribution 
ok to send to dubin once received or wait until they ask please advise thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
te
l
fa 
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>Fortress VRF Investor Relations =1 
> 
Subject: =/b>Fortress Value =ecovery Fund I LLC - Distribution 
Date: =/b>July 6, 2017 at 6:33:10 PM =DT 
To: =/b> 
Cc: "'Jeanne Brennan 
Richard, 
Please note a Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC =the "Fund") cash distribution with respect to the =nterest in 
the Fund held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on July 7, 2017 =n the below amount. The distribution is effective June 1, 
=017. Pursuant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement =ated as of August 1, 2011 between Glenn Dubin 
and Jeepers, Inc., the =mount will be distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with its wire =nstructions on file with the 
Fund. 
Glenn Dubin: $46,853.96 wired to Jeepers Inc., =ank of New York 
Please contact Melissa sullen at
with any questions. 
EFTA_R1_01882368 
EFTA02645786

Thank you, 
Fortress VRF Advisors I L1C 
Fortress VRF Investor Relations 
Fortress Investment Group 
1345=Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10105 
=/div> 
= 
2 
EFTA_R1_01882369 
EFTA02645787

