# EFTA02545208

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey =pstein <jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|To|</=>Larry Summers<|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** te barack? Where is smart money entering. =ots of places its leaving. Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry From: Jeffrey =pstein <jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Date: Tue, 18 Oct 2011 16:19:13 -0400 To: </=>Larry Summers< <mailto > > Subject: did=you remember that glenn dubins daughther is my god daughter , hope y=u are well ***** * ************ **•*****••• ********* t************ ttsrt•rt T=e information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of th

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Wednesday, October 19, 2011 10:22 AM 
Re: 
very smart money has been entering , but betting on the downside. most u=fortunates are still looking to catch a falling 
knife. . Mort hike som= others feel their " political spouse", has been caught cheat=ng. -very emotional. .. cutting edge 
investments would be bio related.=A0 or informatics/bio . i think the green movement has started to brwon=, hope 
you are well, and there is no one more important to me than m= goddaughter, she is the one who populated the 
photos in my house. 
On Tue, Oct 18, 2011 at 10:32 PM, < 
Yes we commented on it. 
Liked him. 
<mailto 
»=/span> wrote: 
Will work on d=ughter. I gave good advice. I am to this what u r to privacy and money. <=r> 
Why does mort so hate barack? 
Where is smart money entering. =ots of places its leaving. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From: Jeffrey =pstein <jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Tue, 18 Oct 2011 16:19:13 -0400 
To: </=>Larry Summers< 
<mailto 
> > 
Subject: 
did=you remember that glenn dubins daughther is my god daughter , hope y=u are well 
***** 
* ************ 
**•*****••• 
********* 
t************ 
ttsrt•rt 
T=e information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the=property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying=of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unla=ful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us=immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
1 
EFTA_R1_01698297 
EFTA02545208

including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
**** 
******* 
** ******** 
**,* 
******* 
11th 
***** 
111th ********** 
** 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01698298 
EFTA02545209

