# EFTA02586195

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL, ORG | XRefs: foundation, meeting, melinda

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** ring your meeting in June that he expected we would have read.=C2 Larry doesn't have a copy, so it would be helpful if you cou=d send me a copy. Thanks, Connie R. Collingsworth General Counsel Legal V+ C+ F+ E EFTA_R1_01766171 EFTA02586195 Assistant Diana Blair V<=b> E<=b> =AO Bill & Melinda Gates Found=tion www.gatesf=undation.org AO From: jeffrey =. [mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, July 08, 2014 2:16 PM To: Connie Collingsworth; Larry Cohen Subject: connie, while the morgan lewis people se=med nice, I think it late in the process to bring t

**[ORG]:** him during your meeting in June that he expected we would have read.=C2 Larry doesn't have a copy, so it would be helpful if you cou=d send me a copy. Thanks, Connie R. Collingsworth General Counsel Legal V+ C+ F+ E EFTA_R1_01766171 EFTA02586195 Assistant Diana Blair V<=b> E<=b> =AO Bill & Melinda Gates Found=tion www.gatesf=undation.org AO From: jeffrey =. [mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, July 08, 2014 2:16 PM To: Connie Collingsworth; Larry Cohen Subject: connie, while the morgan lewis people se=med nice, I think it late in the process to bring t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, July 9, 2014 8:35 PM 
To: 
Connie Collingsworth; Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
Re: 
torn mcgraw at JPM. Ray Russo , 16 person=at Paul Weiss. greg ezring , securities law . I suggest =ou call Brad Karp, 
and tell him you are calling at my suggestion, Br=d is the managing partner. OF course you should continue=to consult 
with anyone you like, I didn't mean to suggest otherw=se , however I thought to actually move things along that have 
stagnated f=r 5 weeks , and given our 7 week deadline to flush out issues=C2 I thought you might be further ahead 
talking to people that have alr=ady thought about these things. 
On Wed,=Jul 9, 2014 at 4:20 PM, Connie Collingsworth 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I plan to continue to con=ult with Morgan Lewis as counsel for the foundation. You are of cour=e, free to use 
whoever you want as your counsel. I am interested in talking with JPM and Paul Weiss to get their perspectives and 
insights =rom the conversations you have had with them to date. Please provide=me with their contact information. 
Also, Bill said there is a memo t=at was prepared by counsel that you shared with him during your meeting in June that 
he expected we would have read.=C2 Larry doesn't have a copy, so it would be helpful if you cou=d send me a copy. 
Thanks, 
Connie R. Collingsworth 
General Counsel 
Legal 
V+ 
C+ 
F+ 
E
EFTA_R1_01766171 
EFTA02586195

Assistant Diana Blair 
V<=b> 
E<=b> 
=AO 
Bill & Melinda Gates Found=tion 
www.gatesf=undation.org 
AO 
From: jeffrey =. [mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, July 08, 2014 2:16 PM 
To: Connie Collingsworth; Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
connie, while the morgan lewis people se=med nice, I think it late in the process to bring them up to speed.=C2 
Bill and I made changes to lisas chart on june 3rd.. =AO I suggest tax expert at JPM new york, sec=rities expertise at 
Paul weirs. The woman in charge of NPT has thought throu=h some of these issues, but again not at scale which has 
its own complica=ions. I like you am confident that we can navigate through, =AO Id greatly prefer to use people with 
who I can speak shorthand.. As I told Larry I m considering using Cathy Ruemmler t= be the point legal person on this 
coast. Someone will have to=coordinate with the counsels of the various donors who will have man= questions I m 
sure. 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
2 
EFTA_R1_01766172 
EFTA02586196

including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use,=disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is stri=tly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commun=cation in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01766173 
EFTA02586197

