# EFTA02407052

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacabon©gmail.com]|
|To|The Duke; David Stern|
|Sent|26 September 2010 11:34|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationftmail.comj From: The Duke Sent Sun 9/26/2010 12:01:39 PM Subject RE: Any idea when you might be coming over if at all? Just need to see if I'm going to be here! HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacabon©gmail.com] Sent: 26 September 2010 11:34 To: The Duke; David Stern Subject: still in new york, United Nations and attendees are delaying my trip. The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, ma

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationftmail.comj 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent 
Sun 9/26/2010 12:01:39 PM 
Subject RE: 
Any idea when you might be coming over if at all? Just need to see if I'm going to 
be here! 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacabon©gmail.com] 
Sent: 26 September 2010 11:34 
To: The Duke; David Stern 
Subject: 
still in new york, United Nations and attendees are delaying my trip. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01466332 
EFTA02407052

