# EFTA02543365

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL, WORD, ORG | XRefs: epstein, mit, dinner, melinda, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent|Sunday, August 28, 2011 9:05 PM|
|Subject|=E: Sci Fi Cities.|

---

**[FULL]:** es. it turns out first great reveneu is selling stamps, to collectors that r=quire ALL nations. On Mon, Aug29, 2011 =t 6:28 AM, <■ <mailto > wrote: Just beca=se Lowell mentioned you! :) These things are super cool.<=u> Fr=m: Lowell Wood (mailto Sent: Sunday, August 28, 2011 9:05 PM To: 'Bill Gates'; Boris Nikolic (BGC3) Subject: =E: Sci Fi Cities. /a>j A=tually, as it turns out, the Somalis have pioneered really quite vigorousl= in recent years in forming highly- active communities-at-sea, ones that su=port extensive entrepreneurial activities great distances from the nearest=shore, more

**[FULL]:** vereignty lies in its enforcement" — =ut the famous international arms bazaars can instantly outfit-&-staff =he navy of any newbie-among-nations that has a reasonable line-of-credit..=J From: Imailt= <mailto >1 Sent: Sunday, August 28, 2011 8:12 PM To: Lowell Wood; Bor=s Nikolic (BGC3) Cc: 'Bill Gates' Subject: RE:=Sci Fi Cities. Importance: Low 2 EFTA_R1_01694897 EFTA02543366 Not sure this is about autonomy?<=span> I'm certain this wou=d be better than life in Mogadishu. And probably cheaper...<=span> Think of all the cool =nnovations that would follow — 1. Desalination would be easie

**[FULL]:** al again (for everyone!) I think it would=be cool to offer this up to Somalia or somewhere desperate and see what ha=pens. Rich people don=92t innovate as quickly!! <=pan style="color:#1F497D"> Fr=m: Lowell Wood [maiIto Sent: Sunday, August 28, 2011 7:15 PM To: Boris Nikolic (B=C3) Cc: -% 'Bill Gates' Subject: =E: Sci Fi Cities. Y=u're a practical guy after my own heart, Boris — =93Everyone's allowed to dream about what they'll eventually do =ith their dollars, as long as they contribute their pennies to our Good Ca=ses in the here-&-now!" JJ<=u> Lowell=/u> =AO PS. It's admitted=y interes

**[FULL]:** en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic_of_Minerva> Perhaps it=would be better that Peter gives more to HIV! We are still waiting f=r his reply re October dinner in NYC Boris <= class="MsoNormal">From:<=pan style="font-size:10.0pt"> [mailto I <mailto:lmailto Sent: Sunday, August 28, 2011 4:24 PM To: Bill Gates Boris Nikolic; Lowell Wood ( <mailto =t> ) Subject: Sci Fi=Cities. Importance: Low Peter Thiel's response to urban development. Neat=to think about, cool pictures anyway. 4 EFTA_R1_01694899 EFTA02543368 $1.2= million investment into this (sketchy) organization on his part is probab=y too

**[FULL]:** lley-billionaire-reveal=- plan-launch-floating-start-country-coast-San-Francisco.html#ixzz1WMuYqS7n=lspan> <http://www.dailym=i1co.uk/news/article-2024761/Atlas-Shrugged-Silicon-Valley-billionaire-re=eals-plan-launch- floating-start-country-coast-San-Francisco.html#ixzz1WMuY=S7n> =AO <=> Bill & Melinda Gates =oundation Phone <tel:%28206%29%20709=%203643> </=> 6 EFTA_R1_01694901 EFTA02543370 Skype Email =br> ******** ******•***** ******** ****** st ***** =•.** ******* ***** The information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute insi

**[ORG]:** icon-Valley-billionaire-reveal=- plan-launch-floating-start-country-coast-San-Francisco.html#ixzz1WMuYqS7n=lspan> <http://www.dailym=i1co.uk/news/article-2024761/Atlas-Shrugged-Silicon-Valley-billionaire-re=eals-plan-launch- floating-start-country-coast-San-Francisco.html#ixzz1WMuY=S7n> =AO <=> Bill & Melinda Gates =oundation Phone <tel:%28206%29%20709=%203643> </=> 6 EFTA_R1_01694901 EFTA02543370 Skype Email =br> ******** ******•***** ******** ****** st ***** =•.** ******* ***** The information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 

**[WORD]:** =.e., how both area and volume could be 'accumulated' at a feasible cos= per hectare, per cubic meter, etc., so that indefinite expansion of a '=eedling' might be 'self-executing'.... 3 EFTA_R1_01694898 EFTA02543367 From: Boris Nikolic [mailto Sent: Sunday, August 28, 2011 4:47 PM To: =ill Gates Cc: Lowell Wood ( <mailto et> ) Subject: RE: S=i Fi Cities. Importance: Low Some Libertarians tried to create these new community (with autonomou= structure, no taxation and even own currency) — Since islands can, unde= international law, only be claimed if they are at least 30 cm above the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, August 29, 2011 8:18 AM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: FW: Sci Fi Cities. 
it turns out first great reveneu is selling stamps, to collectors that r=quire ALL nations. 
On Mon, Aug29, 2011 =t 6:28 AM, 
<■ 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Just beca=se Lowell mentioned you! 
:) 
These things are super cool.<=u> 
Fr=m: Lowell Wood (mailto 
Sent: Sunday, August 28, 2011 9:05 PM 
To: 
'Bill Gates'; Boris Nikolic (BGC3) 
Subject: =E: Sci Fi Cities. 
/a>j 
A=tually, as it turns out, the Somalis have pioneered really quite vigorousl= in recent years in forming highly-
active communities-at-sea, ones that su=port extensive entrepreneurial activities great distances from the 
nearest=shore, moreover over prolonged time-intervals. 
They've even m=de such communities pay -- sometimes remarkably 'handsomely' -- so tha= they've 'naturally 
proliferated both quickly and widely!=/u> 
With another hat=on, I've been peripherally involved in detecting the existence-&-loc=tion of — and then 
'interacting' with -- such communities, which as-=s-class have had utterly remarkable impacts on marine insurance rates 
in t=e western Indian Ocean! :):( 
EFTA_R1_01694896 
EFTA02543365

Lowell=/u> 
=A0 
PS. Indeed, these d=rt-poor people have innovated remarkably swiftly — and in a highl=-effective manner! 
Why, they've even attracted significant quantit=es of international venture capital (of a non-too-savory flavor, to be 
sur=I) to enable their building-out! 
In the abstract-=amp;-from a great remove, I do admire aspects of their derring-do! [=ut then I was able to find 
a number of features of the Soviet system-of-do=ng-things to likewise admire-out-loud — to the continuing fury-&-
des=air of the far-too-many USG security officers assigned to my case... :):(J 
PPS. If=you were really-&-truly entrepreneurial, you'll pull-togethe= a consortium that'd go out and lease a 
dozen war-surplus deep-sea drill=ng platforms, and deploy them in a line transecting a major marine-shippin= lane in 
the deep ocean at a 24-mile pitch, i.e., just a shade less than t=ice the internationally-recognized "exclusive control of 
offshore seas=94 margins of sovereign nations. 
After declaring =hemselves to constitute the Sovereign Archipelago of Francis Drake (or per=aps 'Jeffrey 
Epstein'?), they=could commence to charge tolls on all of the ocean-traffic passing through=their mostly-'offshore' 
territories...which fees would likely accumula=e quickly to a tidy sum (e.g., one supporting the oh-so-swiftly build-out =f 
ever-more 'islands' of the Archipelago, their proliferation across o=her major sea-lanes, etc.). 
These tolls woul= naturally be priced at just a shade less than the total costs (fuel, time=...) of navigating around 
the Archipelago's territory. Correspondingl=, I'd recommend emplacement of the initial Archipelago across either =he 
east-or-west entryway of the Straits of Malacca... titanic 'regrets=92 are involved in avoiding the Straits in making the 
transit between the =ersian Gulf and East Asia! :)<=p> 
Of course, the i=come derived from licensing fishing, etc. in the "exclusive economic zon=s" of 200 mile radius 
around each such island would be additional...but =hese could be employed to offset the substantial lawyers' bills, 
"Wash=ngton representation" fees, etc., etc. that would be involved in operati=g such an "instant sovereign!" J [And= 
to be sure, "The essence of sovereignty lies in its enforcement" — =ut the famous international arms bazaars can 
instantly outfit-&-staff =he navy of any newbie-among-nations that has a reasonable line-of-credit..=J 
From: 
Imailt= 
<mailto 
>1 
Sent: Sunday, August 28, 2011 8:12 PM 
To: Lowell Wood; Bor=s Nikolic (BGC3) 
Cc: 'Bill Gates' 
Subject: RE:=Sci Fi Cities. 
Importance: Low 
2 
EFTA_R1_01694897 
EFTA02543366

Not sure this is about autonomy?<=span> 
I'm certain this wou=d be better than life in Mogadishu. And probably cheaper...<=span> 
Think of all the cool =nnovations that would follow — 
1. 
Desalination would be easier and smaller=/p> 
2. 
=span style="color:#1F497D">Energy requirements would be about the same b=t necessarily renewable 
3. 
=span style="color:#1F497D">Sanitation would totally change! 
4. 
Health would matter since living in such tight q=arters means communicable disease becomes real again 
(for everyone!) 
I think it would=be cool to offer this up to Somalia or somewhere desperate and see what ha=pens. 
Rich people don=92t innovate as quickly!! 
<=pan style="color:#1F497D"> 
Fr=m: Lowell Wood [maiIto 
Sent: Sunday, August 28, 2011 7:15 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic (B=C3) 
Cc: -% 
'Bill Gates' 
Subject: =E: Sci Fi Cities. 
Y=u're a practical guy after my own heart, Boris — =93Everyone's allowed to dream about what they'll eventually 
do =ith their dollars, as long as they contribute their pennies to our Good Ca=ses in the here-&-now!" JJ<=u> 
Lowell=/u> 
=AO 
PS. It's admitted=y interesting to contemplate from a technical perspective how such 'esta=lishments' might 
gain Lebensraum in a genuinely-feasible manner, =.e., how both area and volume could be 'accumulated' at a feasible 
cos= per hectare, per cubic meter, etc., so that indefinite expansion of a '=eedling' might be 'self-executing'.... 
3 
EFTA_R1_01694898 
EFTA02543367

From: Boris Nikolic [mailto 
Sent: Sunday, August 28, 2011 4:47 PM 
To: 
=ill Gates 
Cc: Lowell Wood ( 
<mailto 
et> ) 
Subject: RE: S=i Fi Cities. 
Importance: Low 
Some Libertarians tried to create these new community (with autonomou= structure, no taxation and even own 
currency) — Since islands can, unde= international law, only be claimed if they are at least 30 cm above the h=gh tide 
point, some have even attempted to build sovereign islands, like r=al-estate millionaire Michael Oliver's attempt at 
building a libertari=n city-state called the Republic of Minerva in the southern Pacific Ocean.=A0 Not sure how anyone 
could get significant autonomy. </=pan> 
http://en.wi=ipedia.org/wiki/Republic_of_Minerva <http:=/en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic_of_Minerva> 
Perhaps it=would be better that Peter gives more to HIV! 
We are still waiting f=r his reply re October dinner in NYC 
Boris 
<= class="MsoNormal">From:<=pan style="font-size:10.0pt"> 
[mailto 
I <mailto:lmailto 
Sent: Sunday, August 28, 2011 4:24 PM 
To: Bill Gates 
Boris Nikolic; Lowell Wood ( 
<mailto 
=t> ) 
Subject: Sci Fi=Cities. 
Importance: Low 
Peter Thiel's response to urban development. Neat=to think about, cool pictures anyway. 
4 
EFTA_R1_01694899 
EFTA02543368

$1.2= million investment into this (sketchy) organization on his part is probab=y too small to even build one of 
these but at least he's trying!<=> 
What=l think would be cool would be to try this in Africa. Even cancer cells st=p multiplying when you confine 
their space.1 
Miss=on: To further the establishment and growth of permanent, autonomous ocean=communities, enabling 
innovation with new political and social systems.=/u> 
http://www.seasteadin=.org/ 
Floating cities: PayPal billionaire pl=ns to build a whole new libertarian colony off the coast of San Francisco<=> 
Ocean state would have no welfare, no minimum wa=e, and few restrictions on weapons 
" 
Platforms would house 270 people and hundreds could ev=ntually join together 
PayPal-founder Peter Thiel was=so inspired by Atlas Shrugged - Ayn Rand's novel about free-market cap=talism -
that he's trying to make its title a reality4=pan> 
The Silicon =alley billionaire has funnelled $1.25million to the Seasteading Institute,=an organisation that aspires 
to launch a floating colony into internationa= waters, freeing them and like-minded thinkers to live by libertarian idea=s. 
Mr Thiel rec=ntly told Details magazine: 'The United States Constitution had things=you could do at the 
beginning that you couldn't do later. So the quest=on is, can you go back to the beginning of things? How do you start 
over?&=39; 
<=span> 
Life on the =cean wave: A design for one of the floating cities which Peter Thiel wants=to start constructing next 
year off the coast of San Francisco</=> 
Green land: An aerial view =f the city, complete with landcaped gardens. Mr Thiel believes many of the=islands 
could eventually be joined together 
Design for l=ving: This island even has a high-level helicopter pad. The cities would b= constructed on oil-rig like 
terminals 
The floating sovereign nations that=Mr Thiel imagines would be built on oil-rig-like platforms anchored in are=s 
free of regulation, laws, and moral conventions. 
The Seastead=ng Institute says it will 'give people the freedom to choose the gover=ment they want instead of 
being stuck with the government they get'. 
Mr Theil, th= venture capitalist who famously helped Facebook expand beyond the Harvard=campus, called 
Seasteading an 'open frontier for experimenting with ne= ideas for government'. 
After making=his first investment in the project in 2008, Mr Thiel said: 'Decades f=om now, those looking back at 
the start of the century will understand tha= Seasteading was an obvious step towards encouraging the development of 
mo=e efficient, practical public sector models around the world. 
5 
EFTA_R1_01694900 
EFTA02543369

'We're=at a fascinating juncture: the nature of government is about to change at = very fundamental level.' 
Light city: =eter Thiel called the project, Seasteading, an 'open a frontier for ex=erimenting with new ideas for 
government' 
Mr Thiel said: 'the nature of g=vernment is about to change at a very fundamental level'=/span> 
M= Thiel and his colleagues say their ocean state would have no welfare, loo=er building codes, no minimum 
wage, and few restrictions on weapons. 
Aiming to ha=e tens of millions of residents by 2050, the Seasteading Institute says ar=hitectural plans for a 
prototype involve a movable, diesel-powered structu=e with room for 270 residents. 
The long-ter= plan would be to have dozens and eventually hundreds of the platforms lin=ed togeth