# EFTA02446882

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: mit, meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** ow low oil prices have been effecting th= personal finances of royal family in Saudi Arabia. Obviously they called =n much of their cash from the likes of BlackRock and others but I thought =ou might have some ideas. Maybe some people to talk to? PS: does my sto=y on Abraaj get me a meeting with Gates next time he is in town:) Landon Thomas, Jr. Financial Reporter EFTA_R1_01543621 EFTA02446882 s tel http://topics.nytimes.comitopireferenceitimestopics/pe=plen/landonjr_thomasiindex.html <http://topics.nyt=mes.comitop/reference/timestopics/people/t/landon_jr_thomas/index.html> pleas= note

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 19, 2016 1:42 PM 
To: 
Thomas Jr., Landon 
Subject: 
Re: Saudi money 
no 
On Wed, Oct 19, 2016 at 9:41 AM, Thomas Jr., Landon 
<mailtc
> > wrote: 
Interesting. CEO of big finance form told me that Saudis=(SAMA) have withdrawn $200 billion that has been 
parked with usual suspect= over past year or so. That number seem in line with what you know? 
<=div> 
On Tue, Oct =8, 2016 at 7:04 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> =rote: 
words t=at you to refer to one thing, USA . the stock mark=t I the Royal family, . are no longer very 
useful.=C24, In politics the USA meant =he white house. now there is pentagon. cia, state, and congres= in 
addition, each feels empowered to act more independantly..C2* 
stock market even in tech, needs=C2* bio tech, 
consuner tech. infrastrucrue tech.=C2* etc. same with Royal family, there are=20k members of a tribe. called the 
royal family, =C2* the words are misleading. 
if you= article is focused on bin salman, or the very top. Q=A0 no one 
is wondering where they can find the local costco.. =C24) but they are aware that a message needs to be sent to th=ir 
population , regarding the next 20 years, 
=C24o social media, and the selfie crowds post the=best of everything, their cutest pictures the 
amaz=ng food , the luxury resorts. 
the mass=s see these things and as the difference between expectations=C2* 
and reality widen, the anger grows. 4)=A0 trump has tapped in. 
wit= the passage of the 9 11 saudi bill, unlike the french r=volution where it was the people of france 
that revolted against their own=aristocracty, with the internet and globalization of discontec= it is now the americans 
that can revolt against the saudi lea=ership. 
it is the americans that are d=manding women drive. not the saudis 
, 2016 at 5:57 PM, =homas Jr., Landon 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
I have been called in to hel= on a big NYT investigation into how low oil prices have been effecting th= 
personal finances of royal family in Saudi Arabia. Obviously they called =n much of their cash from the likes of BlackRock 
and others but I thought =ou might have some ideas. Maybe some people to talk to? 
PS: does my sto=y on Abraaj get me a meeting with Gates next time he is in town:) 
Landon Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Reporter 
EFTA_R1_01543621 
EFTA02446882

s 
tel 
http://topics.nytimes.comitopireferenceitimestopics/pe=plen/landonjr_thomasiindex.html 
<http://topics.nyt=mes.comitop/reference/timestopics/people/t/landon_jr_thomas/index.html> 
pleas= note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confid=ntial, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informa=ion, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the prope=ty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communi=ation or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. 1= you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immedi=tely by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gma=l.com> , and 
destroy this co=munication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright=-all rights reserved 
Landon Thomas, Jr.<=font> 
Financial R=porter 
New York Times 
cte
)
http://topics.=ytimes.comitopireference/timestopics/people/t/landon_jr_thomasti=dex.html 
<http://topics.nytimes.comitopireference/timesto=ics/people/t/landon_jr_thomas/index.html> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01543622 
EFTA02446883

4>=A0 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use =f the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclos=re or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication =n error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to =a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" 
target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01543623 
EFTA02446884

