# EFTA00011180 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 3

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> roll records and invoices, and detailing any fraud discovered in final summary reports. 5. For this engagement, I was hired by Cohen & Gresser LLP to conduct an independent review of a Financial Condition Report prepared by Macalvins Accountants summarizing the financial condition and assets of Ghislaine Maxwell for the time period 2015-2020. I was asked to verify the accuracy of the representations contained in the Independent Accountants' Commentary and the accompanying Statement of Financial Condition including related Excel schedules documenting the findings. 6. I reviewed the Independent

### Match 2
> schedules. At all times, I was given complete access to the relevant documents and allowed to ask any questions I thought pertinent to my analysis. Conclusion 7. Based on my review, I believe that the Financial Condition Report represents a complete and accurate summary of the assets held by Ms. Maxwell and her husband, as well as assets that were, or are currently, held in trust for the benefit of Ms. Maxwell, for the time period from 2015-2020. PRESTON M. FARO & ASSOCIATES INC. FORENSIC ACCOUNTING. Preston M Faro (CFE) 3 EFTA00011183

### Match 3
> ons I thought pertinent to my analysis. Conclusion 7. Based on my review, I believe that the Financial Condition Report represents a complete and accurate summary of the assets held by Ms. Maxwell and her husband, as well as assets that were, or are currently, held in trust for the benefit of Ms. Maxwell, for the time period from 2015-2020. PRESTON M. FARO & ASSOCIATES INC. FORENSIC ACCOUNTING. Preston M Faro (CFE) 3 EFTA00011183
