# EFTA02426275

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jtosztlat,nail.com>|
|To|dvycita|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** To: ffr in ' v tion@gmail.corn] From: Sent Thur 4/8/2010 11:50:47 AM Subject Re: Fwd: Do you know where Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein leevaeation®gmail.com> Date: Thu, 8 Apr 2010 07:05:25 -0400 To: Jean Luc BrunellIONIMmr Subject: Fwd: naiomi is in thailand as well Forwarded message From: DV Date: Thu, Apr 8, 2010 at 5:01 AM Subject: Re: To: Jeffrey Epstein 1 <jeevacation®gmail.com> Hi,we are in Thailand,she is great,doing swimming,sport. She is doing charity party with Dasha , am helping them. Wh

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
ffr 
in ' 
v 
tion@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 4/8/2010 11:50:47 AM 
Subject 
Re: Fwd: 
Do you know where 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevaeation®gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 8 Apr 2010 07:05:25 -0400 
To: Jean Luc BrunellIONIMmr 
Subject: Fwd: 
naiomi is in thailand as well 
 
Forwarded message 
From: DV 
Date: Thu, Apr 8, 2010 at 5:01 AM 
Subject: Re: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 1 <jeevacation®gmail.com>
Hi,we are in Thailand,she is great,doing swimming,sport. 
She is doing charity party with Dasha , am helping them. 
Who is your friends? 
Ornpaoneito c fieenp000moro yc-rportc-roa BlackBerry® 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jtosztlat,nail.com>
Date: Thu, 8 Apr 2010 04:42:09 -0400 
To: dvycita 
Subject: 
vlad, when arc you coming back.. how is n, my two friends , ekaterina mitr and 
arc in 
moscow, can they attend your party„ thanks. 
********* 
****************** 
************* 
******************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_01495070 
EFTA02426275

and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01495071 
EFTA02426276

