# EFTA02299066

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** Fwd: Re: Jojo(luciano) Fontanilla; Karyna Lyn, can you order 2 orders of chicken=Parm with some side vegetables and penne pasta with tomato sauce from Scali=etella tonight to send to the plane tomorrow for plane food. I would also g=t some sandwiches from Sant Ambroeus for any security people Gates might be=bringing with him Begin forwarded message: From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Da - 13, 2:24:00 PM EST To <jeevacation@gmail.com&g=; wrote: no, but might have lunch o= friday, we need to orgazie plane food lunch going down On Wed, Feb 27, 2013 at 5:14 PM, Sarah Kensin=to

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Thursday, February 28, 2013 8:12 PM 
Rosalyn Fontanilla; Lesley Groff;■ 
Shuliak 
Fwd: Re: 
Jojo(luciano) Fontanilla; Karyna 
Lyn, can you order 2 orders of chicken=Parm with some side vegetables and penne pasta with tomato sauce from 
Scali=etella tonight to send to the plane tomorrow for plane food. I would also g=t some sandwiches from Sant 
Ambroeus for any security people Gates might be=bringing with him 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Da 
- 
13, 2:24:00 PM EST 
To 
<jeevacation@gmail.com&g=; wrote: 
no, but might have lunch o= friday, we need to orgazie plane food lunch going down 
On Wed, Feb 27, 2013 at 5:14 PM, Sarah Kensin=ton < 
<mailto 
wrote: 
> wrote: 
will he be=staying at the house? 
> > 
On Feb 27, 2013, at 5:09 PM, Jeffre= Epstein <jee=acation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> 
arriving 230 friday„ palm beach, tell louell= janusch„ taking gates with me, 
*= 
The informatio= contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside in=ormation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the p=operty of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of=this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlaw=ul. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us i=mediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachme=ts. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01163832 
EFTA02299066

=br>--
Th= information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disc=osure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly p=ohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pl=ase notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and=br> destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof, 
including all attachme=ts. copyright -all rights reserved 
 
=br>The information contained in this 
communication is confidential, may b= attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended 
only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disc=osure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly p=ohibited and may be unlawful. If ou have received this communication 
in error, pl=ase notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
and=br> destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, including all attachme=ts. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01163833 
EFTA02299067

