# EFTA02438770

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmall.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Tue Oct 20 08:43:34 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationegmail.comijeeyacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Tue 10/20/2009 2:24:36 PM Subject: Re: I have called each day, as you know. and will call again today. You have other things, it would seem, more important than your old pal farkie these days. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmall.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tue Oct 20 08:43

**[WORD]:** gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Tue 10/20/2009 2:24:36 PM Subject: Re: I have called each day, as you know. and will call again today. You have other things, it would seem, more important than your old pal farkie these days. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmall.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tue Oct 20 08:43:34 2009 Subject: today? *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addres

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationegmail.comijeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Tue 10/20/2009 2:24:36 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I have called each day, as you know. and will call again today. You have other things, it would seem, more 
important than your old pal farkie these days. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmall.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Tue Oct 20 08:43:34 2009 
Subject: 
today? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01512140 
EFTA02438770

