# EFTA02298825

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Rosalyn Fontanilla|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: Thursda Februa 28, 2013 4:13 PM To: ; Karyna Shuliak Cc: Subject: Fwd: E, =hat did you do for plane snacks when Woody and Soon-YI went to PB? JE =s flying Bill Gates tomorrow and wants lunch on plane.. any =ecommendations? Begin forwarded message: From: Rosalyn Fontanilla <=span> Subject: Re: Date: February 28, 2013 11:10:35 AM =ST To: =br> Is here in new York if not I can just go get sandwiches for =he plane yes do the basics thing that is usually s

**[FULL]:** 28, 2013 11:10:35 AM =ST To: =br> Is here in new York if not I can just go get sandwiches for =he plane yes do the basics thing that is usually send for =he trip On Feb 28, 2013 10:54 AM, <mailto > =rote: Hey guys, wanted to touch base about plane food and lunch on plane for =omorrow with Bill Gates. In thank you for being there to help! Lyn, can you have all the basics =repared, ginger drink, muffins, JE bread(is he still eating this?) =hould we send down ice cream? (is he still eating this?) What sort of =hings did. send on the plane for the Woody Allen trip? maybe we can =eplicate some o

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Thursda Februa 
28, 2013 4:13 PM 
To: 
; Karyna Shuliak 
Cc: 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
E, =hat did you do for plane snacks when Woody and Soon-YI went to PB? JE =s flying Bill Gates tomorrow and wants 
lunch on plane.. any =ecommendations? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Rosalyn Fontanilla 
<=span> 
Subject: Re: 
Date: February 28, 2013 11:10:35 AM =ST 
To: 
=br> 
Is 
here in new York if not I can just go get sandwiches for =he plane yes do the basics thing that is usually 
send for =he trip 
On Feb 28, 2013 10:54 AM, 
<mailto 
>  =rote: 
Hey guys, wanted to touch base about plane food and lunch on plane for =omorrow with Bill Gates. 
In thank you for being there to help! Lyn, can you have all the basics =repared, ginger drink, muffins, 
JE bread(is he still eating this?) =hould we send down ice cream? (is he still eating this?) What sort of =hings did. send 
on the plane for the Woody Allen trip? maybe we can =eplicate some of those things for plane food if JE seemed pleased 
with =hat trip? Thoughts? 
EFTA_R1_01163294 
EFTA02298825

