# EFTA02372063

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Sunday, August 14, 2011 04:25 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sunday, August 14, 2011 8:29 PM To: jeevacation@gmail.com' Subject: Re: Extraordinary, actually. Milkin, bloomberg, kravis, perlman, schumer, corzine, marron, tisch, roth, ross (Steve and wilbur), mack, blankfein, fuld, weymouth, lefrak, solow, you name 'em. Aggregate net worth lar

**[WORD]:** , you name 'em. Aggregate net worth larger than most countries, credit rating better than that of the USA. Elton John performed for 1.5 hrs. It was beautiful and warm to boot. Special night. From: Jeffrey Epstein Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj Sent: Sunday, August 14, 2011 04:25 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: how was last night ************ ***** ******** ******* *************** ******* ***** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the p

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: 
Sunday, August 14, 2011 8:29 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com' 
Subject: 
Re: 
Extraordinary, actually. Milkin, bloomberg, kravis, perlman, schumer, corzine, marron, tisch, roth, ross (Steve and 
wilbur), mack, blankfein, fuld, weymouth, lefrak, solow, you name 'em. Aggregate net worth larger than most countries, 
credit rating better than that of the USA. Elton John performed for 1.5 hrs. It was beautiful and warm to boot. Special 
night. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Sunday, August 14, 2011 04:25 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
how was last night 
************ ***** ******** ******* *************** ******* ***** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in 
electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a 
fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01375485 
EFTA02372063

