# EFTA02552329

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Vyas Hamel|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Foreign national volunteer for Dubin Center|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, March 27, 2012 4:42 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fw: Foreign national volunteer for Dubin Center Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Vyas Hamel Date: Tue, 27 Mar 2012 01:26:51 To: Cc: Subject: Foreign national volunteer for Dubin Center

**[WORD]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, March 27, 2012 4:42 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fw: Foreign national volunteer for Dubin Center Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Vyas Hamel Date: Tue, 27 Mar 2012 01:26:51 To: Cc: Subject: Foreign national volunteer for Dubin Center Dear Cynthia: =A0 =r. Dubin has an undergraduate student she would like to have volunteer at =he Dubin Center un

**[WORD]:** om: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, March 27, 2012 4:42 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fw: Foreign national volunteer for Dubin Center Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Vyas Hamel Date: Tue, 27 Mar 2012 01:26:51 To: Cc: Subject: Foreign national volunteer for Dubin Center Dear Cynthia: =A0 =r. Dubin has an undergraduate student she would like to have volunteer at =he Dubin Center until the summer. She is on an F-1 visa and her activit= would consist of maintaining the reception area. =A0 =r. Dubin, please send me 's contact information and I will coordi

**[WORD]:** 27, 2012 4:42 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fw: Foreign national volunteer for Dubin Center Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Vyas Hamel Date: Tue, 27 Mar 2012 01:26:51 To: Cc: Subject: Foreign national volunteer for Dubin Center Dear Cynthia: =A0 =r. Dubin has an undergraduate student she would like to have volunteer at =he Dubin Center until the summer. She is on an F-1 visa and her activit= would consist of maintaining the reception area. =A0 =r. Dubin, please send me 's contact information and I will coordinat= the clearances with Volunteer Ser

**[WORD]:** nteer for Dubin Center Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Vyas Hamel Date: Tue, 27 Mar 2012 01:26:51 To: Cc: Subject: Foreign national volunteer for Dubin Center Dear Cynthia: =A0 =r. Dubin has an undergraduate student she would like to have volunteer at =he Dubin Center until the summer. She is on an F-1 visa and her activit= would consist of maintaining the reception area. =A0 =r. Dubin, please send me 's contact information and I will coordinat= the clearances with Volunteer Services. =A0 =est, =amel =A0 =A0 =amel Vyas, Esquire =irector, Interna

**[WORD]:** 26:51 To: Cc: Subject: Foreign national volunteer for Dubin Center Dear Cynthia: =A0 =r. Dubin has an undergraduate student she would like to have volunteer at =he Dubin Center until the summer. She is on an F-1 visa and her activit= would consist of maintaining the reception area. =A0 =r. Dubin, please send me 's contact information and I will coordinat= the clearances with Volunteer Services. =A0 =est, =amel =A0 =A0 =amel Vyas, Esquire =irector, International Personnel =uman Resources =ount Sinai Medical Center =ne Gustave L. Levy Place Box 1514 =ew York, NY 10029 =A0 =OW MA

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Tuesday, March 27, 2012 4:42 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fw: Foreign national volunteer for Dubin Center 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Vyas Hamel 
Date: Tue, 27 Mar 2012 01:26:51 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Foreign national volunteer for Dubin Center 
Dear Cynthia: 
=A0 
=r. Dubin has an undergraduate student she would like to have volunteer at =he Dubin Center until the summer. She is 
on an F-1 visa and her activit= would consist of maintaining the reception area. 
=A0 
=r. Dubin, please send me
's contact information and I will coordinat= the clearances with Volunteer Services. 
=A0 
=est, 
=amel 
=A0 
=A0 
=amel Vyas, Esquire 
=irector, International Personnel 
=uman Resources 
=ount Sinai Medical Center 
=ne Gustave L. Levy Place Box 1514 
=ew York, NY 10029 
=A0 
=OW MAY WE HELP YOU? 
=A0 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>2151.01</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0c/integer> 
<key>date-receivedqkey> 
<integer>1332823352</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>85901959694integer> 
EFTA_R1_01708982 
EFTA02552329

<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>213725</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01708983 
EFTA02552330

