# EFTA00030526 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, October 28, 2020 2:20 PM
- **Subject:** Re: laptop for MDC

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> p for MDC >; (USANYS) Let me discuss with Ed the best options. get back to you shortly. From: Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 1:58 PM To: (USANYS) < Cc: >; (USANYS) Subject: laptop for MDC Hi I hope you're doing well. Because of some discovery accessibility issues we're having in the Ghislaine Maxwell case, we would like to provide a clean laptop to Maxwell in MDC for discovery review purposes. The laptop need only permit review of standard files — word, pdf, .tif, .xls, etc. All other capabilities and programs can be disabled. I understand we did something similar in the Avenatti case, and I

### Match 2
> p for MDC >; (USANYS) Let me discuss with Ed the best options. get back to you shortly. From: Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 1:58 PM To: (USANYS) < Cc: >; (USANYS) Subject: laptop for MDC Hi I hope you're doing well. Because of some discovery accessibility issues we're having in the Ghislaine Maxwell case, we would like to provide a clean laptop to Maxwell in MDC for discovery review purposes. The laptop need only permit review of standard files — word, pdf, .tif, .xls, etc. All other capabilities and programs can be disabled. I understand we did something similar in the Avenatti cas

### Match 3
> t back to you shortly. From: Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 1:58 PM To: (USANYS) < Cc: >; (USANYS) Subject: laptop for MDC Hi I hope you're doing well. Because of some discovery accessibility issues we're having in the Ghislaine Maxwell case, we would like to provide a clean laptop to Maxwell in MDC for discovery review purposes. The laptop need only permit review of standard files — word, pdf, .tif, .xls, etc. All other capabilities and programs can be disabled. I understand we did something similar in the Avenatti case, and I= like to do the same here. Would that be possible? It wou
