# EFTA00018190 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** <1
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 21-770 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion FILED for bail"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ch document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 05/17/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-770 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION, for bail, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell in 21-770, 21-58, FILED. Service date 05/17/2021 by CM/ECF. [3102450] [21-770, 21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document Description: Motion FILED Or

### Match 2
> ch document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 05/17/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-770 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION, for bail, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell in 21-770, 21-58, FILED. Service date 05/17/2021 by CM/ECF. [3102450] [21-770, 21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document Description: Motion F

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> To: <1 > Subject: 21-770 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion FILED for bail" Date: Mon, 17 May 2021 20:50:01 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electronicall

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 05/17/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-770 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION, for bail, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell in 21-770, 21-58, FILED. Service date 05/17/2021 by CM/ECF. [3102450] [21-770, 21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Qu
