# EFTA02523669

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|</aPETER MANDELSON|
|Sent||
|Subject|<1=>|

---

**[FULL]:** _blank" rote: She's daffy, boring and phoney. She wd have an orgasm. Do you want h=r cell number? Sent from my BlackBerry• wireless device Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Date: Mon, 11 Jan 2010 08:33:32 -0500 To: </aPETER MANDELSON mailto Subject: <1=> Bill Gates would like to meet with Lady=judge the nuclear power woman„ in davos.. can you organize? =r> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=prope

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Monday. January 11. 2010 2:11 PM 
Re: 
He wants to meet , not me. yes i'll have her cell 
On Mon, Jan 11 2010 at 8:59 AM <=a href="mailto 
target="_blank" 
rote: 
She's daffy, boring and phoney. She wd have an orgasm. Do you want h=r cell number? 
Sent from my BlackBerry• wireless device 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Mon, 11 Jan 2010 08:33:32 -0500 
To: </aPETER MANDELSON 
mailto 
Subject: <1=> 
Bill Gates would like to meet with Lady=judge the nuclear power woman„ in davos.. can you organize? 
=r> The information contained in this 
communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the=property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying=of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unla=ful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us=immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. 
The information contain=d in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privile=ed, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
EFTA_R1_01662355 
EFTA02523669

use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01662356 
EFTA02523670

