# EFTA02242476

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Eva Dubin|
|Sent||
|Subject|Jeffrecyl,I|

---

**[FULL]:** ake sure you let me know when it's dropped so I can make sure it goes upstairs. On Apr 2, 2018, at 7:44 AM wrote: Morning!! I should have included ou on this email! Can you help facilitate? What is best? Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: April 2, 2018 at 7:18111 To: Eva Dubin Subject: Jeffrecyl,I MIM • Good mornin Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a gift delivered to I understand you are home from vacation. May we ring to the apartment today? Please advise if We should hand deliver at a specific time or ok to leave with the doorman. (The gift is valuable gift cards

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Allison Yorke 
From: 
Sent 
on 
11:58:20 AM 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Ok. Perfect!! Thanks 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 2, 2018, at 7:56 AM, Allison Yorke 
wrote: 
Morning! They are back now so today is fine. I would think anytime is fine to just 
leave with the doorman - just make sure you let me know when it's dropped so I 
can make sure it goes upstairs. 
On Apr 2, 2018, at 7:44 AM 
wrote: 
Morning!! I should have included ou on this email! Can you help 
facilitate? What is best? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: April 2, 2018 at 7:18111 
To: Eva Dubin 
Subject: Jeffrecyl,I
MIM
•
Good mornin Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a gift 
delivered to 
I understand you are home from 
vacation. May we ring to the apartment today? Please 
advise if We should hand deliver at a specific time or ok 
to leave with the doorman. (The gift is valuable gift 
cards!). Thank you, 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_01016002 
EFTA02242476

