# EFTA02353229

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Jeffrey E."|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Saturday, April 4, 2015 3:57 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: Good morning, Before anything I want to thank you for the time i have spent in your =uilding. Health wise, I don't feel better since I am out of work and I don't kn=w how I can restore my reputation in the future. If you wi

**[FULL]:** re. If you wish, you can contact Mathieu who is my friend and should be th= best mediator. Mathieu has accepted on principle and might be available from the mid =f April. be well Jean luc Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:04/04/2015 6:49 PM (GMT+07:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: hope you are feeling better. your lawyer=seems like a nice man. . brad edwards has now filed your suit =s evidence against me. talk to your lawyer and I suggest=you withdraw it.. he ,you and me, don't need it on file to w=rk out a solution please note The information contained in thi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: 
Saturday, April 4, 2015 3:57 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
RE: 
Good morning, 
Before anything I want to thank you for the time i have spent in your =uilding. 
Health wise, I don't feel better since I am out of work and I don't kn=w how I can restore my reputation in the future. 
If you wish, you can contact Mathieu who is my friend and should be th= best mediator. 
Mathieu has accepted on principle and might be available from the mid =f April. 
be well 
Jean luc 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:04/04/2015 6:49 PM (GMT+07:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
hope you are feeling better. your lawyer=seems like a nice man. . brad edwards has now filed your suit =s evidence 
against me. talk to your lawyer and I suggest=you withdraw it.. he ,you and me, don't need it on file to w=rk out a 
solution 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01333506 
EFTA02353229

