# EFTA00016729 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, October 15, 2021 10:28 AM
- **Subject:** Maxwell - inmate mail

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: " M IE > To: ' Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell - Letter Due Today at 5 PM Date: Fri, 15 Oct 2021 18:11:27 +0000 Attachments: 2021-10- 15 GM letter re MDC legal mail v3.docx Hi M, Thanks very much for speaking today. We have incorporated our discussion into the attached letter to Judge Nathan. Would you please review the draft and let us kn

### Match 2
> any inaccuracies in it? I highlighted one sentence in particular for your attention, but please review the entire letter closely. As we mentioned earlier, our letter is due today as soon as possible, no later than 5 pm. Thanks, From: Sent: Friday, October 15, 2021 10:28 AM To: Cc: Subject: Maxwell - inmate mail and Maxwell's counsel filed the attached letter last night, and we've been ordered to respond as soon as possible, and by no later than 5 pm. Is one of you free soon for a call about this? Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 Saint Andrews Pl

### Match 3
> ighlighted one sentence in particular for your attention, but please review the entire letter closely. As we mentioned earlier, our letter is due today as soon as possible, no later than 5 pm. Thanks, From: Sent: Friday, October 15, 2021 10:28 AM To: Cc: Subject: Maxwell - inmate mail and Maxwell's counsel filed the attached letter last night, and we've been ordered to respond as soon as possible, and by no later than 5 pm. Is one of you free soon for a call about this? Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 Saint Andrews Plaza New York, New York 1000
