# EFTA00030379 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** Lea Harmon
- **Sent:** Wednesday, Jul 8, 2020 11:37 AM
- **Subject:** Re: Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> me know. You're also welcome to call me on my cell at any time: > Thanks very much, > Sent from my iPhone EFTA00030379 >> On Jul 8, 2020, at 11:12 AM, Natasha Ramesar <MMI IMI==.> wrote: » Good Morning- >> >> Lea Harmon copied above will conduct the interview and complete the bail report for Ms. Maxwell. >> The request was submitted to MDC and we await the date/time of the interview. However, defense advised that court is now scheduled for Tuesday, 7/14, so the report will be ready for that date as I anticipate the interview being scheduled before the end of this week. » Natasha Ramesar >> U.

### Match 2
> From: To: Subject: Date: Attachments: caa <MI IMS> RE: Maxwell Wed, 08 Jul 2020 17:55:28 +0000 2020-07- 02,_United_States_v._Maxwel1,20_Cr._330 JAJN),_detention_memorandumiECF).pdf; Maxwell_Superseding_Indictmentn S1_20_Cr._330 JAJN).pdf Hi Lea, I'm attaching our detention memorandum here, along with a copy of the superseding indictment. Thank you, Or

### Match 3
> detention_memorandumiECF).pdf; Maxwell_Superseding_Indictmentn S1_20_Cr._330 JAJN).pdf Hi Lea, I'm attaching our detention memorandum here, along with a copy of the superseding indictment. Thank you, Ori inal Messa e From: Sent: Wednesday, Jul 8, 2020 11:37 AM To: Lea Harmon Subject: Re: Maxwell Hi Lea, That would work well, thanks. Talk to you then. Sent from my iPhone > On Jul 8, 2020, at 11:24 AM, Lea Harmon <MI IMI N> wrote: > Hi M, > I'm in a staff meeting right now and then I need to address an LM issue. Are you available to talk this afternoon? Maybe 1:30? > Original Messa

### Match 4
> Jul 8, 2020, at 11:24 AM, Lea Harmon <MI IMI N> wrote: > Hi M, > I'm in a staff meeting right now and then I need to address an LM issue. Are you available to talk this afternoon? Maybe 1:30? > Original Messa e > From: > Sent: Wednesday, Jul 8, 2020 10:22 AM > To: Lea Harmon > Subject: Re: Maxwell > Hi Lea, > I hope you're doing well. Do you have a moment for a call today to discuss this case? If there is a time that works best for you, please let me know. You're also welcome to call me on my cell at any time: > Thanks very much, > Sent from my iPhone EFTA00030379 >> On Jul 8, 2020, a
