# EFTA02402268

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Eva Dubin " <|
|To|<|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: Fwd: Urgent|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, June 16, 2012 5:53 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Urgent Sorry for all the t=pos .Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: "Eva Dubin " < Date: June=16, 2012 1:32:29 PM EDT To: "Jeffrey Epstein " <jeevacation@gmail.com> Subject: <=>Fw: Fwd: Urgent Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry <=span> Original Message From: Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2012 1=:29:55 To: < <mailto Subject: Re: Fwd: Urgent > > No pls send; we have al

**[FULL]:** Original Message From: Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2012 1=:29:55 To: < <mailto Subject: Re: Fwd: Urgent > > No pls send; we have already booked=5 flights, including 2 x BBJs; I had Jefrrey's pilot's email bu= can't find TKS DCB Sent from my Ve=izon Wireless BlackBerry Original Mes=age From: "Eva Dubin " < <mailtc > Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2=12 17:26:20 To: David Bernstein <mailto Subject: Re: Fwd: Urgent<=r> David I just spoke to jeffery and his big plane is=available do have have his email? Sent from my Verizon Wire=ess BlackBerry Original Message <=span> From: David Bernstein < <mailto

**[FULL]:** id - I am so sorry, but we don't h=ve crew to staff a flight until Monday afternoon and on tuesday I have a fl=ght scheduled. Brenda Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Device =span> From: David Bernst=in (mailto <mailto -= <mailto -> Sent: Saturday, June 16, 2012 10:33 AMTo: Ames, Brenda Cc: Eva Dubin < <mailto <mailto S=bject: Fwd: Urgent Greetings Brenda, >> > T=is is David Bernstein, friend of Glenn and Eva; I just wanted to see, per c=ance, if your Global Express is available for an urgent, pop up trip; the C=own Prince of Saudi Arabia died last night and we are arranging many flight=

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, June 16, 2012 5:53 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Fwd: Urgent 
Sorry for all the t=pos .Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Eva Dubin " < 
Date: June=16, 2012 1:32:29 PM EDT 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein " <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: <=>Fw: Fwd: Urgent 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
<=span> 
 
Original Message 
From: 
Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2012 1=:29:55 
To: < 
<mailto 
Subject: Re: Fwd: Urgent 
> > 
No pls send; we have already booked=5 flights, including 2 x BBJs; I had Jefrrey's pilot's email bu= can't find 
TKS 
DCB 
Sent from my Ve=izon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Mes=age 
From: "Eva Dubin " < 
<mailtc
> 
Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2=12 17:26:20 
To: David Bernstein 
<mailto 
Subject: Re: Fwd: Urgent<=r> 
David I just spoke to jeffery and his big plane is=available do have have his email? 
Sent from my Verizon Wire=ess BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
<=span> 
From: David Bernstein < 
<mailto 
> > 
EFTA_R1_01439528 
EFTA02402268

Date: Sat, 16 Jun 2012 14:50:27 
=span>To: < 
Cc: < 
<mailt 
Subject: Re: Fwd: Urgent=/span> 
> > 
Greetings Brenda, 
<=r>No worries; we will be in touch again shortly for the return flight= from Jeddah back to the USA, which will 
probably take place on or about 23=June. 
Kind Regards, 
David 
On Sat, Jun 16, 2012 at 10:43 AM, Ames, Brenda < 
<mailto 
David - I am so sorry, but we don't h=ve crew to staff a flight until Monday afternoon and on tuesday I have a 
fl=ght scheduled. Brenda 
 
Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Device 
=span> 
From: David Bernst=in (mailto 
<mailto -= 
<mailto ->
Sent: Saturday, June 16, 2012 10:33 AMTo: Ames, Brenda 
Cc: Eva Dubin < 
<mailto 
<mailto 
S=bject: Fwd: Urgent 
Greetings Brenda, 
>>  >
T=is is David Bernstein, friend of Glenn and Eva; I just wanted to see, per c=ance, if your Global Express is 
available for an urgent, pop up trip; the C=own Prince of Saudi Arabia died last night and we are arranging many flight= 
to Jeddah this weekend for the Royal Family to return to Saudi. 
=span> 
Please advise if you an assist. 
Many Thanks 
David<=r> 
 
Forwa=ded message 
From: < 
<mailto 
> <mailto 
M<mailto 
> > > 
Date: Sat, Jun 16, 2012 at 10:29 AM<=span> 
Subject: Re: Urgent 
To: Brenda Mattausch <= 
.=om <mailto 
<mailto 
<mailto 
<=r>Ok 
>>  >
2 
EFTA_R1_01439529 
EFTA02402269

 
Or=ginal Message 
From: Brenda Mattausch 
=span> To: David Bernstein 
ReplyTo: Brenda Mattau=ch 
Subject: Urgent 
Sent: Jun 16= 2012 10:19 
Hey DCB, 
Can you please call your friend with the=Global? 
Need to move 3 Royals A=AP MCO-OEJN 
Even if they could=just take them to EGGW or El NN, then I could get a 2nd plane from there. 
Many thanks, 
&nbs=; 
BLM 
Br=nda Mattausch 
Jet Charter Solutions, Inc. 
<=pan> [CI 
&ni=sp:1O1 
In= 
<=mailto 
<mailto 
www.jetchartersolutions.com <http://www.jetcharterso=utions.com> <http://www.jetchartersolutions.com 
<http://www.jetch=rtersolutions.com» <http://www.jetchartersolutions.co=> 
&nb=p; 
Sent=from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
=/span> 
DCB 
</=pan> 
Cell: 
<tel:°/
=; 
This e-mail message is intended only for=the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. 
If y=u are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemina=ion, distribution or copying of this e-
mail and any attachment(s) is strict=y prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately=notify the 
sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any=attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01439530 
EFTA02402270

DCB=/span> 
Cell: 
4 
EFTA_R1_01439531 
EFTA02402271

