# EFTA02438023

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: mit

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** cation@gmail.com] From: Alice Jacobs Sent: Fri 10/9/2009 12:08:36 PM Hi Jeffrey, I spoke with Henry Rosovsky last week who is a great friend and mentor of mine and he recommended that I contact you. We have some friends in common. My business partner and best friend Boris Nikolic has become Bill Gates' right arm on strategy and being stuck in Seattle with very little else to do he has become close friends with i. Anyway we were speaking and realized that you might be interested in getting involved in what I'm working on. Can you let me know a good time for us to connect by phone? Altemativel

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationtlsgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Alice Jacobs 
Sent: 
Fri 10/9/2009 12:08:36 PM 
Hi Jeffrey, 
I spoke with Henry Rosovsky last week who is a great friend and mentor of mine and he recommended 
that I contact you. We have some friends in common. My business partner and best friend Boris Nikolic 
has become Bill Gates' right arm on strategy and being stuck in Seattle with very little else to do he has 
become close friends with i. 
Anyway we were speaking and realized that you might be 
interested in getting involved in what I'm working on. Can you let me know a good time for us to connect 
by phone? Altematively I try to escape to Florida as often as I can; being a Los Angeleno stranded in 
Boston for 11 winters. Let me know what works. 
Best, 
Alice 
Alice A. Jacobs, M.D. 
Chairman & CEO 
IntelligentMDx 
The information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and/or 
privileged material. My review, retransmission, dissemination or other use of. or taking of any action in reliance upon, this information by 
EFTA_R1_01511018 
EFTA02438023

persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited. If you received this in error, please contact the sender and delete the 
material from all computers. 
EFTA_R1_01511019 
EFTA02438024

