# EFTA02213959

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|4 tickets to Oslo on JE's Black Amex for Eva|

---

**[FULL]:** to Oslo on JE's Black Amex for Eva Hi Lesley, This message will confirm House Seats for OSLO at the Vivian Beaumont Theater (150 West 651° Street): PLEASE BE SURE TO REVIEW YOUR CONFIRMATION. Date: Tuesday, June 20 Time: 7pm 'Please note early curtain time' Confirmation #: 69605 Held Under: Eva Dubin Tickets: 4 (four) Total: $588.00 will be charged to the credit card provided Tickets are available at the Box Office 48 hours prior to the performance date. ALL SALES ARE FINAL. THERE ARE NO REFUNDS OR EXCHANGES ON TICKETS. Please let me know if you have any questions. Best, Liz Elizabeth G

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Bella Klein[ 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Tue 6/6/2017 9:53:03 PM 
Subject: 4 tickets to Oslo on JE's Black Amex for Eva 
Hi Lesley, 
This message will confirm House Seats for OSLO at the Vivian Beaumont Theater (150 West 
651° Street): 
PLEASE BE SURE TO REVIEW YOUR CONFIRMATION. 
Date: Tuesday, June 20 
Time: 7pm 'Please note early curtain time' 
Confirmation #: 69605 
Held Under: Eva Dubin 
Tickets: 4 (four) 
Total: $588.00 will be charged to the credit card provided 
Tickets are available at the Box Office 48 hours prior to the performance date. 
ALL SALES ARE FINAL. THERE ARE NO REFUNDS OR EXCHANGES ON TICKETS. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19'" Floor 
New York. NY 10174 
EFTA_R1_00939650 
EFTA02213959

