# EFTA02369517

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Gustaf Mabrouk|
|To|Eva Dubin|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: Help in the kitchen.|

---

**[FULL]:** kitchen. USA Sent from my iPhone On Apr 20, 2015, at 8:20 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: citizen of ?? On Mon, Apr 20, 2015 at 8:18 PM, Eva Dub wrote: Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Gustaf Mabrouk Date: April 20, 2015 at To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Help in the kitchen. Hi Eva, No visa, I'm a citizen. Vanligen Gustaf EFTA_R1_01369737 EFTA02369517 20 apr 2015 kl. 18:42 skrev Eva Dubin What type of visa? Sent from my iPhone , 2015, at 6:26 AM, Gustaf Mabrouk <mail Hi Eva, I was just wondering if you might have any lead

**[FULL]:** n, Apr 20, 2015 at 8:18 PM, Eva Dub wrote: Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Gustaf Mabrouk Date: April 20, 2015 at To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Help in the kitchen. Hi Eva, No visa, I'm a citizen. Vanligen Gustaf EFTA_R1_01369737 EFTA02369517 20 apr 2015 kl. 18:42 skrev Eva Dubin What type of visa? Sent from my iPhone , 2015, at 6:26 AM, Gustaf Mabrouk <mail Hi Eva, I was just wondering if you might have any leads on anyone in need of a chef over the summers, mid June to the end of August? I have no problems to relocate or work in the States. The same goes for work

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubi 
Sent: 
Tuesday, April 21, 2015 12:21 AM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: Help in the kitchen. 
USA 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 20, 2015, at 8:20 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
citizen of ?? 
On Mon, Apr 20, 2015 at 8:18 PM, Eva Dub 
wrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Gustaf Mabrouk 
Date: April 20, 2015 at
To: Eva Dubin 
Subject: Re: Help in the kitchen. 
Hi Eva, 
No visa, I'm a citizen. 
Vanligen 
Gustaf 
EFTA_R1_01369737 
EFTA02369517

20 apr 2015 kl. 18:42 skrev Eva Dubin 
What type of visa? 
Sent from my iPhone 
, 2015, at 6:26 AM, Gustaf Mabrouk 
<mail 
Hi Eva, 
I was just wondering if you might have any leads on anyone in need of a chef 
over the summers, mid June to the end of August? 
I have no problems to relocate or work in the States. The same goes for work in 
Sweden or Europe. 
Looking forward to your reply. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01369738 
EFTA02369518

%/antigen 
Gustaf 
CHEF DE PARTIE SIAM AB 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01369739 
EFTA02369519

