# EFTA02304281

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** arding the time and l=t you know. Is he picking up only the items attached in your emai= except for the coffee table? Or is he picking up everything I have attache= in the previous email as well? Sent from my iPhone Orplul 31, 2014, at 4:38 PM, Kimberly Feierstein Hi Karyna, <1=> I work for Eva Dubin. I (along with Amanda D..804,Cruz — copied here) will be organizing the Dubin's dri=er (Steven) to pick up the items attached here. Steven is free betwee= 12:00 and 5:00. What time makes the most sense on your end? Al=o, will he be going to a loading dock of some sort, or just the front entra=ce

**[WORD]:** ur emai= except for the coffee table? Or is he picking up everything I have attache= in the previous email as well? Sent from my iPhone Orplul 31, 2014, at 4:38 PM, Kimberly Feierstein Hi Karyna, <1=> I work for Eva Dubin. I (along with Amanda D..804,Cruz — copied here) will be organizing the Dubin's dri=er (Steven) to pick up the items attached here. Steven is free betwee= 12:00 and 5:00. What time makes the most sense on your end? Al=o, will he be going to a loading dock of some sort, or just the front entra=ce of 66th? Thanks. Kim <photo 1.jpg> <photo 2.jpg> <photo 3.jpg> <photo 4.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Sent: 
Thursday, July 31, 2014 8:57 PM 
To: 
Kimberly Feierstein 
Cc: 
Amanda D'Cruz 
Subject: 
Re: Furniture pick up for Eva 
Hi Kimberly, 
The address of t=e building is 
he probably will need to park at the servi=e entrance from 67th street 
and use the service elevator. 
e urni ure is c=rrently in apartment 8A. I will check with someone regarding the time 
and l=t you know. 
Is he picking up only the items attached in your emai= except for the coffee table? Or is he picking up everything I have 
attache= in the previous email as well? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Orplul 31, 2014, at 4:38 PM, Kimberly Feierstein 
Hi Karyna, 
<1=> 
I work for Eva Dubin. I (along with Amanda D..804,Cruz — copied here) will be organizing the Dubin's dri=er 
(Steven) to pick up the items attached here. Steven is free betwee= 12:00 and 5:00. What time makes the most sense 
on your end? Al=o, will he be going to a loading dock of some sort, or just the front entra=ce of 66th? 
Thanks. 
Kim 
<photo 1.jpg> 
<photo 2.jpg> 
<photo 3.jpg> 
<photo 4.jpg> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01176817 
EFTA02304281

