# EFTA00017823 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 23

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> er 25, 2020 TO BE FILED UNDER SEAL VIA EMAIL (SUBMITTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 2(B) OF JUDGE NATHAN'S INDIVIDUAL PRACTICES IN CRIMINAL CASES) The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Dear Judge Nathan: 800 Third Avenue New Yolk, NY 10022 +1 212 957 7600 phone whwtcohensresser cool On behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, we plan to file a Renewed Motion for Release on Bail (the "Motion") and respectfully request an in camera conference, with all coun

### Match 2
> . Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Dear Judge Nathan: 800 Third Avenue New Yolk, NY 10022 +1 212 957 7600 phone whwtcohensresser cool On behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, we plan to file a Renewed Motion for Release on Bail (the "Motion") and respectfully request an in camera conference, with all counsel present, to address the appropriate procedures for the filing and consideration of the Motion. For the reasons explained below, we intend to request, pursuant t

### Match 3
> er 25, 2020 TO BE FILED UNDER SEAL VIA EMAIL (SUBMITTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 2(B) OF JUDGE NATHAN'S INDIVIDUAL PRACTICES IN CRIMINAL CASES) The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Dear Judge Nathan: 800 Third Avenue New Yolk, NY 10022 +1 212 957 7600 phone whwtcohensresser cool On behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, we plan to file a Renewed Motion for Release on Bail (the "Motion") and respectfully request an in camera conference, with a

### Match 4
> . Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Dear Judge Nathan: 800 Third Avenue New Yolk, NY 10022 +1 212 957 7600 phone whwtcohensresser cool On behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, we plan to file a Renewed Motion for Release on Bail (the "Motion") and respectfully request an in camera conference, with all counsel present, to address the appropriate procedures for the filing and consideration of the Motion. For the reasons explained below, we intend to request, pu

### Match 5
> if their identities become public, they will be subjected to the same relentless media scrutiny and threats that Ms. Maxwell has experienced for more than a year, like the following sample of social media posts: "they need to get this bitch n string her up by her neck . . Peking monster . . . #GhislaineMaxwell." "I hope someone finds her and kills her. That would be justice. Obviously her lawyers know's where she is, someone should stick them up to batteries untill we find out where she is." "SHE'S HERE in Massachusetts ?! The bitch #GhislaineMaxwell who ftSexTrafficked young girls for #Epste

### Match 6
> ring her up by her neck . . Peking monster . . . #GhislaineMaxwell." "I hope someone finds her and kills her. That would be justice. Obviously her lawyers know's where she is, someone should stick them up to batteries untill we find out where she is." "SHE'S HERE in Massachusetts ?! The bitch #GhislaineMaxwell who ftSexTrafficked young girls for #Epstein ?!?! Why the hell isn't she being brought in for questioning @ManchesterMAPD ?! WE DO NOT WANT HER HERE! #SleezyLeach She is CLOSE ENOUGH to me, I could grab her myself!" • A financial report, prepared by the accounting firm Macalvins Limited

### Match 7
> the Court when the Motion is filed. We are merely requesting that sensitive contents of the submission be accorded confidentiality protections similar to those that the government routinely requires in protective orders, including the one in this case. In the four months since this Court denied Ms. Maxwell's request for bail and granted the government's motion for detention, Ms. Maxwell and her counsel have assembled substantial information that was not available to present at the initial hearing, as well as a comprehensive bail package co-signed by sureties who were unable to come forward at that

### Match 8
> nts of the submission be accorded confidentiality protections similar to those that the government routinely requires in protective orders, including the one in this case. In the four months since this Court denied Ms. Maxwell's request for bail and granted the government's motion for detention, Ms. Maxwell and her counsel have assembled substantial information that was not available to present at the initial hearing, as well as a comprehensive bail package co-signed by sureties who were unable to come forward at that time. Accordingly, Ms. Maxwell now seeks to renew her request for bail pursuant t

### Match 9
> nd granted the government's motion for detention, Ms. Maxwell and her counsel have assembled substantial information that was not available to present at the initial hearing, as well as a comprehensive bail package co-signed by sureties who were unable to come forward at that time. Accordingly, Ms. Maxwell now seeks to renew her request for bail pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 3142(0. Ms. Maxwell's renewed application will rely on sensitive and private information that, if made public, would be highly damaging to both Ms. Maxwell and third parties, including: • Letters from Ms. Maxwell's family members an

### Match 10
> ssembled substantial information that was not available to present at the initial hearing, as well as a comprehensive bail package co-signed by sureties who were unable to come forward at that time. Accordingly, Ms. Maxwell now seeks to renew her request for bail pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 3142(0. Ms. Maxwell's renewed application will rely on sensitive and private information that, if made public, would be highly damaging to both Ms. Maxwell and third parties, including: • Letters from Ms. Maxwell's family members and close friends, who have agreed to serve as sureties to support Ms. Maxwell's renew
