# EFTA02656250

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: girlfriend

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com> I|
|To|Glenn Dubin <|
|Sent|Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:47 AM|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** On Wed, Mar 15, 2017 at 10:55 AM, Eva=Dubin < <mailto > wrote: I am very surprised! Jordan is very responsible and would not do thing= without permission... Maybe the girlfriend... thank god no one was hurt!1= wrote: Please note, my email address has changed to On Mar 15, 2017, at 10:49 AM, Glenn Dubin < I'm sorry, not like him. Please have =our office send me the bill. G From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com> I Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:47 AM To: Glenn Dubin < <mailto > > Subject: Re: > > ana said she thinks jordon might have let the girlf

**[FULL]:** 1= wrote: Please note, my email address has changed to On Mar 15, 2017, at 10:49 AM, Glenn Dubin < I'm sorry, not like him. Please have =our office send me the bill. G From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com> I Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:47 AM To: Glenn Dubin < <mailto > > Subject: Re: > > ana said she thinks jordon might have let the girlfr=end drive. - tie rods totally bent and needed to be to=ed to barge. sending out for a new wheel assembly. =AO . she said taken without permission , =AO driven and left beat up and filthy. / "both jordan an

**[FULL]:** the girlfr=end drive. - tie rods totally bent and needed to be to=ed to barge. sending out for a new wheel assembly. =AO . she said taken without permission , =AO driven and left beat up and filthy. / "both jordan and sidney apologized ,=C2 . no biggy for me On Wed, Mar 15, 2017 at 10:38 AM, Glenn Dubin <glenn@dubinandco.co= <mailto > wrote: Please, thx From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:38 AM To: Glenn Dubin < <mailto > > EFTA_R1_01901890 EFTA02656250 Subject: ive asked for details . sorry. please no=e The information contained in this

**[FULL]:** =AO driven and left beat up and filthy. / "both jordan and sidney apologized ,=C2 . no biggy for me On Wed, Mar 15, 2017 at 10:38 AM, Glenn Dubin <glenn@dubinandco.co= <mailto > wrote: Please, thx From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:38 AM To: Glenn Dubin < <mailto > > EFTA_R1_01901890 EFTA02656250 Subject: ive asked for details . sorry. please no=e The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 2:57 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: RE: Re: no worry, On Wed, Mar 15, 2017 at 10:55 AM, Eva=Dubin < <mailto > wrote: I am very surprised! Jordan is very responsible and would not do thing= without permission... Maybe the girlfriend... thank god no one was hurt!1= wrote: Please note, my email address has changed

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 2:57 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: RE: Re: no worry, On Wed, Mar 15, 2017 at 10:55 AM, Eva=Dubin < <mailto > wrote: I am very surprised! Jordan is very responsible and would not do thing= without permission... Maybe the girlfriend... thank god no one was hurt!1= wrote: Please note, my email address has changed to On Mar 15, 2017, at 10:49 AM, Glenn Dubin < I'm sorry, not like him. Plea

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 15, 2017 2:57 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: RE: Re: 
no worry, 
On Wed, Mar 15, 2017 at 10:55 AM, Eva=Dubin < 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
I am very surprised! Jordan is very responsible and would not do thing= without permission... Maybe the 
girlfriend... thank god no one was hurt!1= 
wrote: 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
On Mar 15, 2017, at 10:49 AM, Glenn Dubin < 
I'm sorry, not like him. Please have =our office send me the bill. G 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com> I 
Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:47 AM 
To: Glenn Dubin < 
<mailto 
> > 
Subject: Re: 
> > 
ana said she thinks jordon might have let the girlfr=end drive. - 
tie rods totally bent and needed to be 
to=ed to barge. 
sending out for a new wheel assembly. =AO . 
she said taken without permission , =AO driven and 
left beat up and filthy. / "both jordan and sidney apologized ,=C2 . 
no biggy for me 
On Wed, Mar 15, 2017 at 10:38 AM, Glenn Dubin <glenn@dubinandco.co= 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Please, thx 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Wednesday, March 15, 2017 10:38 AM 
To: Glenn Dubin < 
<mailto 
> > 
EFTA_R1_01901890 
EFTA02656250

Subject: 
ive asked for details . sorry. 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
2 
EFTA_R1_01901891 
EFTA02656251

The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use 4 the addressee. It is the property of ME Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailtoieevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai..com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01901892 
EFTA02656252

