# EFTA02353304

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Thursday, December 13, 2012 3:53 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Are you still here? Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Thu, 13 Dec 2012 03:03:18 To: Subject: Re: Where are you =0A=n Wednesday, Dec

**[FULL]:** e you still here? Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Thu, 13 Dec 2012 03:03:18 To: Subject: Re: Where are you =0A=n Wednesday, December 12, 2012, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: =ow 16 =0A=On Wednesday, December 12, 2012, Eva Dubin wrote: =re you here at the cocert? =Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry = = =0A=- =he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute inside information, and is intended only for =the use of the addressee. It is the property of

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Thursday, December 13, 2012 3:53 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Are you still here? 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 13 Dec 2012 03:03:18 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
Where are you 
=0A=n Wednesday, December 12, 2012, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
=ow 16 
=0A=On Wednesday, December 12, 2012, Eva Dubin wrote: 
=re you here at the cocert? 
=Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry = = 
=0A=-
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =the use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =nd may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =communication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and =estroy this communication and all copies thereof, =including all attachments. copyright -
all rights reserved =OA= 
=0A=-
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =the use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =nd may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =communication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1355370802</real> 
<key>flagsgkey> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%58Gmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
EFTA_R1_01333651 
EFTA02353304

<string>263606</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01333652 
EFTA02353305

