# EFTA02703409

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** e integrative cancer =pecialist. You can learn more about us at the site beneath my name.<=b> Dana Morgan Director of Patient Services</=iv> <=u> 6 Hughes, Irvine, CA. 92618<=b> =/i> Phone: Fax: http://www.cancercenterforhealing.com=u> htt=://www.connealymd.com On May 12, 2016, at 9:59 AM, Eva Dubin < wrote: It is advertised as a blood =est to pick up cancer not detected yet by scans.... If th=re is a number Lesley , you and I can call them.... Date: =hu, 12 May 2016 12:34:54 +0200 Subject: From: jeevacation@gmail.com <javascript:_e(%78%7D;cvmr,"eevacat=on@ mail.com.);> To: javascript:_

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, May 12, 2016 4:58 PM 
To: 
Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Re: Please advise if OK to fill in N/A for the rest of the Oncoblot questionnaire 
Yes 
On Thursday, 12 May 2016, Lesley Groff 
> wrote: 
I called an= spoke with Dana Morgan re the Oncoblot test. They do test blood to =ick up cancer that has not been 
detected yet by scans...we need to f=11 in N/A for all the questions re cancer. (Jeffrey, may I fi=l in N/A for all the 
remaining questions?) Once form is received the= you can schedule a consultation (if you want) for $95 for 15 minutes 
=80 .they will ship us the kit for $850 plus shipping. The closest =ab in our area that will test your blood is in PA ...or we 
can ship =vernight to the Ocnoblot lab in Indiana. Once the lab receives the specimen it =99s about a 15 working day 
turnaround. We will then contact him abou= a followup SKYPE or telephonic consult - $95/15 minutes. If it=is 
determined he hav= cancer we can put together a treatment plan as we are integrative cancer =pecialist. You can learn 
more about us at the site beneath my name.<=b> Dana Morgan Director of Patient Services</=iv> 
<=u> 
6 Hughes, Irvine, CA. 92618<=b> 
=/i> 
Phone: 
Fax: 
http://www.cancercenterforhealing.com=u> 
htt=://www.connealymd.com 
On May 12, 2016, at 9:59 AM, Eva Dubin <
 wrote: 
It is advertised as a blood =est to pick up cancer not detected yet by scans.... 
If th=re is a number Lesley , you and I can call them.... 
Date: =hu, 12 May 2016 12:34:54 +0200 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com <javascript:_e(%78%7D;cvmr,"eevacat=on@ mail.com.);> 
To:
javascript:_e(%7B%713,1cvmr, 
; =A 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,Icvm17
);> 
just added no smoking. eva it looks as this is for peo=le with cancer?! 
EFTA_R1_02080258 
EFTA02703409

<=iv dir="ltr"> 
please note 
<=iv>The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may=be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and i= intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
J=E 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or a=y part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have =eceived this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
j=evacation@gmail.com <javascript:_e(A=B%7D/cvmlVjeevacation@gmail.com);> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies =hereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
=AO please note 
The information contained in this=communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, mayconstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the=addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or=copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibite= 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in err=r, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<=a>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including=all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_02080259 
EFTA02703410

