# EFTA00020401 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 46

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 187 Filed 03/29/21 Page 1 of 24 ORIGINAL UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x • UNITED STATES OF AMERICA • • GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. COUNT ONE SUPERSEDING INDICTMENT S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) (Conspiracy to Entice Minors to Travel to Engage in Illegal Sex Acts) The Grand Jury charges: OVERVIEW 1. The charges set forth herein stem from the role of GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, in the sexual exploitation and

### Match 2
> YORK x • UNITED STATES OF AMERICA • • GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. COUNT ONE SUPERSEDING INDICTMENT S2 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) (Conspiracy to Entice Minors to Travel to Engage in Illegal Sex Acts) The Grand Jury charges: OVERVIEW 1. The charges set forth herein stem from the role of GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, in the sexual exploitation and abuse of multiple minor girls by Jeffrey Epstein. In particular, from at least in or about 1994, up to and including at least in or about 2004, MAXWELL assisted, facilitated, and contributed to Jeffrey Epstein's abuse of minor girls by, among othe

### Match 3
> o MAXWELL and Epstein to be under the age of 18. The victims were as young as 14 years old when they were groomed and abused by MAXWELL and Epstein, both of whom knew that certain victims were in fact under the age of 18. 2. As a part and in furtherance of their scheme to abuse minor victims, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, and Jeffrey Epstein enticed and caused minor victims to travel to EFTA00020401 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 187 Filed 03/29/21 Page 2 of 24 Epstein's residences in different states, which MAXWELL knew and intended would result in their grooming for and subjection to sexual

### Match 4
> Moreover, in an effort to conceal her crimes, MAXWELL repeatedly lied when questioned about her conduct, including in relation to some of the minor victims described herein, when providing testimony under oath in 2016. FACTUAL BACKGROUND 3. During the time periods charged in this Indictment, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, had a personal and professional relationship with Jeffrey Epstein and was among his closest associates. In particular, between in or about 1994 and in or about 1997, MAXWELL was in an intimate relationship with Epstein. Additionally, between in or about 1994 and in or about 200

### Match 5
> is closest associates. In particular, between in or about 1994 and in or about 1997, MAXWELL was in an intimate relationship with Epstein. Additionally, between in or about 1994 and in or about 2004, MAXWELL was paid by Epstein to manage his various properties. 4. Beginning in at least 1994, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, enticed and groomed multiple minor girls to engage in sex acts with Jeffrey Epstein, through a variety of means and methods, including but not limited to the following: a. MAXWELL first attempted to befriend some of Epstein's minor victims prior to their abuse, including by a

### Match 6
> e in sexual activity with Epstein. In some instances, MAXWELL was present for and participated in the sexual abuse of minor victims. Some such incidents occurred in the context of massages, which developed into sexual encounters. 5. Between approximately in or about 1994 and in or about 2004, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, facilitated Jeffrey Epstein's access to minor victims by, among other things, inducing and enticing, and aiding and abetting the inducement and enticement of, multiple minor victims. Victims were groomed and/or abused at multiple locations, including the following: a. A multi

### Match 7
> m Beach Residence"). c. A ranch in Santa Fe, New Mexico owned by Epstein (the "New Mexico Residence"). d. MAXWELL's personal residence in London, England. 4 EFTA00020404 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 187 Filed 03/29/21 Page 5 of 24 6. Additionally, beginning at least in or about 2001, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, and Jeffrey Epstein enticed and recruited, and caused to be enticed and recruited, minor girls to visit Epstein's Palm Beach Residence to engage in sex acts with Epstein, after which Epstein, MAXWELL, or another employee of Epstein's would give the victims hundreds of dollars i

### Match 8
> pstein, MAXWELL, and other Epstein employees also paid certain victims to recruit additional girls to be similarly abused by Epstein. In this way, Epstein and MAXWELL created a network of underage victims for him to sexually exploit. 7. Between at least in or about 2001 and in or about 2004, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, and Epstein encouraged and enticed one or more minor victims to engage in paid sex acts with Epstein through a variety of means and methods, including but not limited to the following: a. Epstein's employees, including, at times, MAXWELL, would call a victim to schedule an app

### Match 9
> ated, and touch the victim's genitals with his hands or with sex toys. c. In connection with each sexual encounter, Epstein or one of his employees or associates, including, at times, MAXWELL, paid the victim in cash. Each victim was typically paid hundreds of dollars for each encounter. 8. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, facilitated Jeffrey Epstein's access to minor victims knowing that he had a sexual preference for underage girls and that he intended to engage in sexual activity with those victims. Epstein's resulting abuse of minor victims included, among other things, touching a victim's br

### Match 10
> ovide sexualized massages for Epstein at the Palm Beach Residence. On such occasions, both Minor Victim-4 and the girl she brought were paid hundreds of dollars in cash. MAXWELL'S EFFORTS TO CONCEAL HER CONDUCT 10. In or around 2016, in the context of a deposition as part of civil litigation, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant, repeatedly provided false and perjurious statements, under oath, regarding, among other subjects, her role in facilitating the abuse of minor victims by Jeffrey Epstein, including some of the specific events and acts of ab..:se detailed above. STATUTORY ALLEGATIONS 11. Frum at
