# EFTA02414176

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|leevacation leevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Wed Dec 01 14:25:24 2010|
|Subject|Re: Dinner Thursday|

---

**[WORD]:** tion@gmail.com> To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Wed Dec 01 14:25:24 2010 Subject: Re: Dinner Thursday No , keep it small Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Dec I, 2010, at 1:44 PM, "Peggy Siegal" wrote: I think we should invite a few more incase Charlie Rose does not come... Yes list: Andrew Jeffrey George Stephanopolous Ali Wentworth Woody Allen Soon-Yi Allen Charlie Rose- if he does not go to Duke to a BB game, he is coming Katie Couric. She is asking Chelsea Handler and bf Brooks Perlin. She is trying to come. If Chelsea says yes. they will come. Pending- but not likely Ka

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comfjeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Wed 12/1/2010 7:40:54 PM 
Subject 
Re: Dinner Thursday 
Title: Re: Dinner Thursday 
am nervous about Charlie Rose. Coming if he does not go to Duke... And Katie did not confirm her 3 yet. 
You and I will be looking at each other. 
Also, waiting to hear from Richard LeFrak. Woody knows. Richard wants to come..he is checking with Karen. 
— Original Message —
From: Peggy Siegal 
To: jeevacationeugmail.cone <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Wed Dec 01 14:34:36 2010 
Subject: Re: Dinner Thursday 
I can get Nora Ephron...she is brilliant. Nick can't come. 
— Original Message —
From: leevacation leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Wed Dec 01 14:25:24 2010 
Subject: Re: Dinner Thursday 
No , keep it small 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec I, 2010, at 1:44 PM, "Peggy Siegal" 
wrote: 
I think we should invite a few more incase Charlie Rose does not come... 
Yes list: 
Andrew 
Jeffrey 
George Stephanopolous 
Ali Wentworth 
Woody Allen 
Soon-Yi Allen 
Charlie Rose- if he does not go to Duke to a BB game, he is coming 
Katie Couric. She is asking Chelsea Handler and bf Brooks Perlin. She is trying to come. If Chelsea says yes. they 
will come. 
Pending- but not likely 
Kate Winslct 
David Maine- you are 
asking 
No- not in town 
Bany Diller 
Annie Hathaway 
Philip Roth 
EFTA_R1_01477071 
EFTA02414176

Rick Stengel 
Do you want me to invite more? 
IL% Ya
rn
!. 
Nom Ephron/Nick Pileggi 
Woody Johnson 
Tory Burch/Lyor Cohen 
Stephen Dalchy- did Billy Elliot, The Reader, The Hours...hilarious, smart 
Cynthia McFadden- nightline...she is great. 
EFTA_R1_014 77072 
EFTA02414177

