# EFTA02541750

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com cmailto:jeevacation@gmail.=om»|
|To|</=>David Stern|
|Sent||
|Subject|</=iv>|

---

**[WORD]:** Have not spoken with him yet - I think its a set up: he'=s still in canada.... From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com cmailto:jeevacation@gmail.=om» Date: Thu, 21 Jul 2011 11:26:40 -0400 To: </=>David Stern <mailto > Subject: </=iv> http://w=w.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2017234/Prince-Andrew-steps-UKs-trade-envoy=following-row-links- U-S-sex-offender.html The information contained in this communication isconfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside=information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=h

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Thursday, July 21, 2011 4:20 PM 
Re: 
what about your role as advisor„ ..lm sure this is good for him, he will n=w be free 
On Thu, Jul 21, 2011 at 11:52 =M, «mailto 
> wrote: 
Its all over the place: TV, paper= find FT). 
Have not spoken with him yet - I think its a set up: he'=s still in canada.... 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com cmailto:jeevacation@gmail.=om» 
Date: Thu, 21 Jul 2011 11:26:40 -0400 
To: </=>David Stern 
<mailto
> 
Subject: </=iv> 
http://w=w.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2017234/Prince-Andrew-steps-UKs-trade-envoy=following-row-links-
U-S-sex-offender.html 
The information contained in this communication isconfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside=information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or=by e-mail to je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
EFTA_R1_01691184 
EFTA02541750

Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strict'= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01691185 
EFTA02541751

