# EFTA02298703

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Resume|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: Tuesday, December 27, 2011 8:48 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Resume I spoke to Emilia, the wife.. she says they can =eet any weekday after 5pm since they both work during the day, or =aturday and Sunday any time those 2 days. What would be best for =ou? On Dec 27, 2011, at 11:48 AM, Eva Dubin =rote: Subject: Resume Reply-To: emilia negrea

**[FULL]:** Sent: Tuesday, December 27, 2011 8:48 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Resume I spoke to Emilia, the wife.. she says they can =eet any weekday after 5pm since they both work during the day, or =aturday and Sunday any time those 2 days. What would be best for =ou? On Dec 27, 2011, at 11:48 AM, Eva Dubin =rote: Subject: Resume Reply-To: emilia negrea =lt <=span> Dear =anusz, Attached please find the Cover letter =long with our resumes. Robert and I want to thank you =o much for your help. Best =egard Emily =/div> </=lockquote> =/blockquote> 4=lockquote> =/blockquote> </=tml>= EFTA_R1_

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Tuesday, December 27, 2011 8:48 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: Resume 
I spoke to Emilia, the wife.. she says they can =eet any weekday after 5pm since they both work during the day, or 
=aturday and Sunday any time those 2 days. What would be best for =ou? 
On Dec 27, 2011, at 11:48 AM, Eva Dubin =rote: 
Subject: Resume 
Reply-To: emilia negrea =lt
<=span> 
Dear =anusz, 
Attached please find the Cover letter =long with our resumes. 
Robert and I want to thank you =o much for your help. 
Best =egard 
Emily 
=/div> 
</=lockquote> 
=/blockquote> 
4=lockquote> 
=/blockquote> 
</=tml>= 
EFTA_R1_01162939 
EFTA02298703

