# EFTA02525612

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Chen, Katharine [mak°|
|To|Gerald Barton|
|Sent|Tuesday, June 09, 2009 3:06 PM|
|Subject|RE: Meeting in New York|

---

**[WORD]:** er teleph=ne or e-mail, and delete the original and any copies from your computer system= Thank you. From: Chen, Katharine [mak° Sent: Tuesday, June 09, 2009 3:06 PM To: Gerald Barton Subject: RE: Meeting in New York Hi Jerry, Apologies on our part, we will have to reschedule the meeting with Andrew Farkas on June 15 at 11:=0am in NYC. Below are possible alternative dates/times, please let me know what=20 works best: EFTA_R1_01665461 EFTA02525612 Monday, 6/22 llam-3pm Tuesday, 6/23 2pm-5pm Wednesday 6/24 Slam-12noon 4:30pm-6pm Thank you, Katharine From: Gi Feather [mailt I =n Beh

**[WORD]:** Inc. P.O. Box 1880 Upper Marlboro, MD 20773 Phon Fax: =/font> From: Chen, Katharine [mailto Sent: Friday,=June 05, 2009 10:29 AM To: Gerald Barton Subject: RE: Meeti=g in New York Sure, that's fine, what is the name of the person you're bringing? And also- you mentioned you'=l have what Andrew has, trust me, you don't want this! He literally gets iceberg=20 lettuce and carrots (that's all)- so anything else you would like? Caesar=salad, etc? And for the person accompanying as well? From: Gi Feather [mailto: J =n Behalf Of Gerald Barton 3 EFTA_R1_01665463 EFTA02525614 Sent: Friday

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, June 9, 2009 7:25 PM 
To: 
Gerald Barton 
Subject: 
Re: FW: Meeting in New York 
they told me „ its ok 
On Tue, Jun 9, =009 at 3:10 PM, Gerald Barton 
> wrote: 
FYI 
Gerald G. Barton 
Landmark Land Company, =nc. 
P.O. Box 1880 
Upper Marlboro, MD =20 20773 
Pho 
Fax: 
DISCLAIMER: This e-mail message, including any attached=files and subsequent replies, is intended only for the 
exclusive use of the indiv=dual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is proprietary, 
privileged, confidential and/or exempt from disclosure under=20 applicable law. If the reader of this e-mail message is 
not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any viewing, copying, disclosure or=20 distribution of this 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have rece=ved this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
either teleph=ne or e-mail, and delete the original and any copies from your computer system= Thank you. 
From: Chen, Katharine [mak° 
Sent: Tuesday, June 09, 2009 3:06 PM 
To: Gerald Barton 
Subject: RE: Meeting in New York 
Hi Jerry, 
Apologies on our part, we will have to reschedule the meeting with Andrew Farkas on June 15 at 11:=0am in 
NYC. Below are possible alternative dates/times, please let me know what=20 works best: 
EFTA_R1_01665461 
EFTA02525612

Monday, 6/22 
llam-3pm 
Tuesday, 6/23 
2pm-5pm 
Wednesday 6/24 
Slam-12noon 
4:30pm-6pm 
Thank you, 
Katharine 
From: Gi Feather [mailt 
I =n Behalf 
Of Gerald Barton 
Sent: Friday, June 05, 2009 10:37 AM 
To: Chen, Katharine 
Subject: RE: Meeting in New=20 York 
Katharine, 
Your facts are persuasive. We will have the salad of your choice. I will be bringing my son, Doug Barton, Senior 
Vice President of Community Development. 
Thank you. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01665462 
EFTA02525613

Jerry 
Gerald G. Barton 
Landmark Land Company, Inc. 
P.O. Box 1880 
Upper Marlboro, MD 20773 
Phon 
Fax: 
=/font> 
From: Chen, Katharine [mailto 
Sent: Friday,=June 05, 2009 10:29 AM 
To: Gerald Barton 
Subject: RE: Meeti=g in New York 
Sure, that's fine, what is the name of the person you're bringing? And also- you mentioned you'=l have what 
Andrew has, trust me, you don't want this! He literally gets iceberg=20 lettuce and carrots (that's all)- so anything else 
you would like? Caesar=salad, etc? And for the person accompanying as well? 
From: Gi Feather [mailto: 
J =n Behalf 
Of Gerald Barton 
3 
EFTA_R1_01665463 
EFTA02525614

Sent: Friday, June 05, 2009 10:26 AM 
To: Chen, Katharine 
Subject: Meeting in New York 
Katharine, 
When I discovered that I would get a free lunch, I decided to ask a senior Landmark officer to accompany me. =1 
two free lunches is above your budget, let me know. Otherwise, there wil= be two of us. Look forward to seeing you. 
Jerry 
Gerald G. Barton 
Landmark Land Company, Inc. 
P.O. Box 1880 
Upper Marlboro, MD 20773 
Phor=
Fax:
=/font> 
4 
EFTA_R1_01665464 
EFTA02525615

