# EFTA02531967

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, royal

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: To: Subject: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Monda , Au ust 30, 2010 11:40 AM Re: Ask Andrew what he wants.. she said they might suggest her going bankrupt.=C2 when i spoke to her last week. I think you need to go. otherwi=e, she will go after you. On Mon, Aug 30= 2010 at 3:04 AM, wrote: F writes me below= Its better if I do NOT go, correct? PA says its up to me. Can you come down to

**[WORD]:** r last week. I think you need to go. otherwi=e, she will go after you. On Mon, Aug 30= 2010 at 3:04 AM, wrote: F writes me below= Its better if I do NOT go, correct? PA says its up to me. Can you come down to Royal Lodge on sept 1st Wednesday=. To a big meeting of the way ahead of ME! Prince Andrew is calling it for=10.30am and then lunch afterwards. I would really need your help, not just=then, but maybe we can talk today, tomorrow. I am worrie= I need a ceo to run me.. Cannot do this without you The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privil

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Monda , Au ust 30, 2010 11:40 AM 
Re: 
Ask Andrew what he wants.. she said they might suggest her going bankrupt.=C2 when i spoke to her last week. I think 
you need to go. otherwi=e, she will go after you. 
On Mon, Aug 30= 2010 at 3:04 AM, 
wrote: 
F writes me below= Its better if I do NOT go, correct? 
PA says its up to me. 
Can you come down to Royal Lodge on sept 1st Wednesday=. To a big meeting of the way ahead of ME! Prince 
Andrew is calling it for=10.30am and then lunch afterwards. I would really need your help, not just=then, but maybe we 
can talk today, tomorrow. I am worrie= I need a ceo to run me.. Cannot do this without you 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received t=is communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or=by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.co= <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
includi=g all attachments. 
--0016e6daa86c10edc1048f08ebfa-- conversation-id 167194 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1283168373 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 102182 
EFTA_R1_01675631 
EFTA02531967

