# EFTA00015856 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** I=Ell
- **To:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com>
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: I=Ell > To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com> Cc: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Fri, 13 Aug 2021 11:54:22 +0000 Good morning Bobbi- There was a miscommunication on our end internally. There was no breach. The address provided was a very secure line, however, it was already one being used. We are creating a line as secure as possible. We are hoping for this

### Match 2
> From: I=Ell > To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com> Cc: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Fri, 13 Aug 2021 11:54:22 +0000 Good morning Bobbi- There was a miscommunication on our end internally. There was no breach. The address provided was a very secure line, however, it was already one being used. We are creating a line as secure as possible. We are hoping

### Match 3
> <bcsternheim@mac.com> 8/12/2021 11:29 AM >>> Good morning- In my email of 8/9 (see below), I raised concerns regarding use of the MDC Zoom platform because it does not preclude third parties with access information to the Zoom "Courtrooms" from interfering (inadvertently or intentionally) with Ms. Maxwell's privileged communication. That concern manifested itself today when third parties accessed the Zoom room used by Ms. Maxwell and counsel. This breach was reported to, and I believe witnessed by, MDC staff, including technician This severely impacts confidential privileged attorney-client c

### Match 4
> MDC Zoom platform because it does not preclude third parties with access information to the Zoom "Courtrooms" from interfering (inadvertently or intentionally) with Ms. Maxwell's privileged communication. That concern manifested itself today when third parties accessed the Zoom room used by Ms. Maxwell and counsel. This breach was reported to, and I believe witnessed by, MDC staff, including technician This severely impacts confidential privileged attorney-client communication and is especially concerning in this high-profile case. I am requesting that we immediately revert back to the WebE

### Match 5
> Thank you. > On Aug 9, 2021, at 10:16 PM, BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcstemheim@mac.com> wrote: > > It is my understanding that the new MDC Zoom platform does not preclude third parties who have the access information > to the Zoom "Courtroom" from interfering (inadvertently or intentionally) with Ms. Maxwell's privileged communication. EFTA00015857
