# EFTA02332723

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: microsoft

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** Wall Street Journal Executive Conference, we do Just the opposite. What sets this conference apart from all others is that we assemble a roster of the most eminent, successful and deep-thinking people we can find, and then tailor the contents to their strengths. Among our confirmed speakers: * Bill Gates - Chairman, Microsoft * Steve Jobs - CEO, Apple Computer and Pixar * Carly Fiorina - Chairman and CEO, Hewlett-Packard * Larry Ellison - CEO, Oracle * Ivan Seidenberg - Chairman & CEO, Verizon * Kevin Rollins - CEO, Dell Computer * Masayoshi Son - Founder, President & CEO, Softbank Corp. * G

**[WORD]:** To: From: Sent: Subject: Join Gates, Jobs, Ellison, Fiorina in June Wed 3/31/2004 6:56:03 PM Most conferences choose themes and topics and then find speakers who fit the mold. At D: All Things Digital, The Wall Street Journal Executive Conference, we do Just the opposite. What sets this conference apart from all others is that we

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: 
Join Gates, Jobs, Ellison, Fiorina in June 
Wed 3/31/2004 6:56:03 PM 
Most conferences choose themes and topics and then find speakers who fit the mold. 
At D: All Things Digital, The Wall Street Journal Executive Conference, we do Just the 
opposite. What sets this conference apart from all others is that we assemble a roster of the 
most eminent, successful and deep-thinking people we can find, and then tailor the contents to 
their strengths. 
Among our confirmed speakers: 
* Bill Gates - Chairman, Microsoft 
* Steve Jobs - CEO, Apple Computer and Pixar 
* Carly Fiorina - Chairman and CEO, Hewlett-Packard 
* Larry Ellison - CEO, Oracle 
* Ivan Seidenberg - Chairman & CEO, Verizon 
* Kevin Rollins - CEO, Dell Computer 
* Masayoshi Son - Founder, President & CEO, Softbank Corp. 
* G.S. Choi - President, Digital Media Network Business, Samsung Electronics 
* Garry Betty - President & CEO, Earthlink 
* Lisa Hook - President, AOL Broadband, Premium and Platform Services, AOL 
* Yusef Mehdi - Corp.VP, MSN Information Services & Merchant Platform, Microsoft 
Walt Mossberg, author and creator of the Journal's weekly "Personal Technology" column, and 
Kara Swisher, technology columnist and book author, invite you to join them as they bring 
together an unprecedented roster of the digital revolution's leaders -- asking them the hard 
questions, exploring the most pressing issues and giving you ideas you can put into action. 
And while we're not at liberty to name names, we can tell you that the attendees who've 
reserved to date are every bit as impressive as the people you'll see on stage. They'll be 
joining us at the Four Seasons Aviara Resort near San Diego, this June 6-8. 
We hope you will, too. This, our second edition of D, will once again be the year's best venue 
for people and ideas that can directly affect your business and your life. We sold out in advance 
last year, so act won. For more information, visit http://d.wsj.corn. 
* 
* 
* 
The official sponsors of D -- Adobe, AT&T Wireless, Gateway, Google, HP, Motorola, and 
Houlihan Lokey Howard & Zukin -- are leaders in their fields, joining The Wall Street 
Journal in hosting the premier gathering of the most powerful leaders of the digital world. 
* 
* 
* 
You received this e-mail as a valued subscriber of The Wall Street Journal. Occasionally, we use 
e-mail for fast, paperless communications with our customers. If you do not wish to receive 
these notices in the future, please reply and type 'Remove' in the subject line. 
EFTA_R1_01278888 
EFTA02332723

