# EFTA02579464

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: Photo from Mar 5, 2013|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Wednesday, January 1, 2014 11:58 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Photo from Mar 5, 2013 I tried....no answer... Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Wed, 1 Jan 2014 22:29:37 To: Subject: Re: Photo from

**[FULL]:** ein Subject: Re: Photo from Mar 5, 2013 I tried....no answer... Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Wed, 1 Jan 2014 22:29:37 To: Subject: Re: Photo from Mar 5, 2013 =yam =0A=DA=0A=0A=n Wed, Jan 1, 2014 at 1:34 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: =Where are you?? =Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry - Original Message =From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= > =Date: Wed, 1 Jan 2014 18:18:58 =To: < <mailto > =Subject: Re: Photo from Mar 5, 2013 =Thoughts? =On Wednesday, January 1,

**[FULL]:** : =Where are you?? =Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry - Original Message =From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= > =Date: Wed, 1 Jan 2014 18:18:58 =To: < <mailto > =Subject: Re: Photo from Mar 5, 2013 =Thoughts? =On Wednesday, January 1, 2014, Eva Dubin wrote: =Very relevant! = Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry = Original Message = From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.=om» = Date: Wed, 1 Jan 2014 13:38:43 = To: <mailto ›; <mailto > > = Subject: Fwd: Photo from Mar 5, 2013 <mailto = this is fro

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Wednesday, January 1, 2014 11:58 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: Photo from Mar 5, 2013 
I tried....no answer... 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 1 Jan 2014 22:29:37 
To:
Subject: Re: Photo from Mar 5, 2013 
=yam 
=0A=DA=0A=0A=n Wed, Jan 1, 2014 at 1:34 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
=Where are you?? 
=Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
- 
Original Message 
=From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= > 
=Date: Wed, 1 Jan 2014 18:18:58 
=To: < 
<mailto 
> 
=Subject: Re: Photo from Mar 5, 2013 
=Thoughts? 
=On Wednesday, January 1, 2014, Eva Dubin wrote: 
=Very relevant! 
= Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
= 
Original Message 
= From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.=om» 
= Date: Wed, 1 Jan 2014 13:38:43 
= To: 
<mailto 
›; 
<mailto 
> > 
= Subject: Fwd: Photo from Mar 5, 2013 
<mailto 
= this is from oct . went away in 48 hrs. , sudden upon awakeni=g. don't know if relevant. todays a little one on 
ear photo to=follow, 
Forwarded message 
EFTA_R1_01754230 
EFTA02579464

= From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> »=0A= Date: Wed, Jan 1, 2014 at 8:31 AM 
= Subject: Photo from Mar 5, 2013 
= To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> » 
= 
= The information contained in this communication is 
= confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
= constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
= the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
= Jeffrey Epstein 
= Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
= communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
= and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
= communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
= return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»=, and 
= destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
= including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=--
=The information contained in this communication is 
=confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
=constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
= the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
=Jeffrey Epstein 
=Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
=communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
=and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
= communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
=return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , =nd 
=destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
= including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01754231 
EFTA02579465

=0A=0A--
=he information contained in this communication is 
=onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
=constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
=he use of the addressee. It is the property of 
=effrey Epstein 
=nauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
=ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
=and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
=ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by 
=eturn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=lcom> , and 
=destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-rb 
<IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>277421</integer> 
<key>date-last-v!ewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1388620691</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195717</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>376371</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01754232 
EFTA02579466

