# EFTA02258276

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** lison Yorke < wrote: > So sweet! We will make sure to put in the refrigerator. > Allison Yorke > DUBIN S COMPANY > 767 Fifth Avenue - 45th Floor I New York, NY 10153 > T: 212.652.83261 M: > E: • Original Message > From: Lesley Groff < > Sent: Tuesday, September 25, 2018 11:14 AM > To: Eva Dubin < > Cc: Allison Yorke > Subject: Muffins coming to your apartment-Please put in your Refrigerator! > Hi Eva. Valdson is here and has made you muffins! Jojo will deliver the muffins to your apartment shortly...they need to be placed in your refrigerator per Valdson! > Thanks, > Lesley > Assi

**[FULL]:** To: Eva Andersson[ From: Lesley Groff Sent: Tue 9/25/2018 3:23:20 PM Subject Re: Muffins coming to your apartment-Please put in your Refrigerator! super. thanks! > On Sep 25, 2018, at 11:22 AM, Allison Yorke < wrote: > So sweet! We will make sure to put in the refrigerator. > Allison Yorke > DUBIN S COMP

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Eva Andersson[ 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Tue 9/25/2018 3:23:20 PM 
Subject 
Re: Muffins coming to your apartment-Please put in your Refrigerator! 
super. thanks! 
> On Sep 25, 2018, at 11:22 AM, Allison Yorke < 
wrote: 
> So sweet! We will make sure to put in the refrigerator. 
> Allison Yorke 
> DUBIN S COMPANY 
> 767 Fifth Avenue - 45th Floor 
I 
New York, NY 10153 
> T: 212.652.83261 M: 
> E: 
• 
Original Message 
> From: Lesley Groff < 
> Sent: Tuesday, September 25, 2018 11:14 AM 
> To: Eva Dubin < 
> Cc: Allison Yorke 
> Subject: Muffins coming to your apartment-Please put in your Refrigerator! 
> Hi Eva. Valdson is here and has made you muffins! Jojo will deliver the 
muffins to your apartment shortly...they need to be placed in your refrigerator per 
Valdson! 
> Thanks, 
> Lesley 
> Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_01053284 
EFTA02258276

