# EFTA02528657

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeff=ey Epstein <=eevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmaitcom»|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: <no subject'|

---

**[FULL]:** ect' what happened On T=u A r 1 2010 at 7:46 PM wrote: =A0 Dear Sir, Thank you for your quick answer t= Jeffrey. Unfortunately, I have to postpone my trip to Dubai. I hope that the unexpected and late changes in my planning w=II not affect your real estate GM's schedule. Yours faithfully Jean Luc Brunel EFTA_R1_01670428 EFTA02528657 The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, di=closure or copyi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, April 3, 2010 4:41 PM 
To: 
jeanluc 
Subject: 
Re: <no subject> 
call 
On Thu, A r 1, 2010 at 8:40 PM, 
>> wrote:
It is Easter week end 
Kate Moss has a party tomorrow. But the truth =s that I didn't feel to go alone and unprepared to Dubai for first 
v=sit 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeff=ey Epstein <=eevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmaitcom» 
Date: Thu, 1 Apr 2010 20:09:53 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: <no subject' 
what happened 
On T=u A r 1 2010 at 7:46 PM 
wrote: 
=A0 
Dear Sir, 
Thank you for your quick answer t= Jeffrey. 
Unfortunately, I have to postpone my trip to Dubai. 
I hope that the unexpected and late changes in my planning w=II not 
affect your real estate GM's schedule. 
Yours faithfully 
Jean Luc Brunel 
EFTA_R1_01670428 
EFTA02528657

The information contained in this c=mmunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
The information contain=d in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privile=ed, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy thi= communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01670429 
EFTA02528658

