# EFTA02238223

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeff Epstein From: Nili Priell Sent: Sun 3/4/2018 5:21:55 PM Subject: Re: Urgence Hi Things happen. Don't worry. You are very quick to respond. That is a very rare quality! Andrew (or was he Mervin I don't quite distinguish between them) was he and he turned the mattress "sunny side down" and the linen will be changed on a fresh duvet, so we can sleep today. It is a solution because we have a schedule from 5 PM on tonight. The new mattress will wait until tomorrow in an

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeff Epstein 
From: 
Nili Priell 
Sent: 
Sun 3/4/2018 5:21:55 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Urgence 
Hi 
Things happen. Don't worry. You are very quick to respond. That is a very rare 
quality! 
Andrew (or was he Mervin 
I don't quite distinguish between them) was he and he 
turned the mattress "sunny side down" and the linen will be changed on a fresh 
duvet, so we can sleep today. It is a solution because we have a schedule from 5 
PM on tonight. 
The new mattress will wait until tomorrow in andrew's office until tomorrow. 
Is it OK? 
Thanks 
Nili 
> On Mar 4, 2018, at 6:49 PM, 
wrote: 
> 
• Hi Nili...once again, so sorry for the troubles today--
> 
> I am having a new mattress delivered today!! It will arrive between 3-
lOpm..Andrew and Merwin will take care of setting it up for you! 
» On Mar 4, 2018, at 8:02 AM, Nili Priell 
wrote: 
» Hi 
Than. you for there welcome goodies. 
>> 
>> There is a severe problem - there is a crack in the bedroom ceiling and I 
think that water have poured to the bed. The covers and the mattress are wet. 
>> Unless there is a possibility to change them, it is not possible to sleep 
upon. 
>> I don't know how Leo didn't see it because the water are brownish. I entered 
the room and immediately noticed it. It seems that it happened sometime between 
we left and now because the ceiling is not wet but you see the crack. 
» Can you help today, Sunday? 
>> Thanks, 
» Nili 
EFTA_R1_01004315 
EFTA02238223

