# EFTA00021944 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 20

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x : 20 Cr. 330 (MN) UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. x GHISLAINE MAXWELL'S MOTION TO PRECLUDE INTRODUCTION OF GOVERNMENT EXHIBITS 251, 288, 294, 313 AND 606 Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, CO 80203 Phone: 303-831-7364 Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 8

### Match 2
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x : 20 Cr. 330 (MN) UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. x GHISLAINE MAXWELL'S MOTION TO PRECLUDE INTRODUCTION OF GOVERNMENT EXHIBITS 251, 288, 294, 313 AND 606 Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, CO 80203 Phone: 303-831-7364 Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022

### Match 3
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x : 20 Cr. 330 (MN) UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. x GHISLAINE MAXWELL'S MOTION TO PRECLUDE INTRODUCTION OF GOVERNMENT EXHIBITS 251, 288, 294, 313 AND 606 Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, CO 80203 Phone: 303-831-7364 Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSE

### Match 4
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x : 20 Cr. 330 (MN) UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. x GHISLAINE MAXWELL'S MOTION TO PRECLUDE INTRODUCTION OF GOVERNMENT EXHIBITS 251, 288, 294, 313 AND 606 Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, CO 80203 Phone: 303-831-7364 Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York,

### Match 5
> 0022 Phone: 212-957-7600 Bobbi C. Stemheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 225 Broadway, Suite 715 New York, NY 10007 Phone: 212-243-1100 Attorneys for Chislaine Maxwell 4 EFTA00021950 Certificate of Service I hereby certify that on October 18, 2021, I electronically filed the foregoing Ghislaine Maxwell Motion to Preclude Introduction of Government Exhibits 251, 288, 294, 313 and 606 with the Clerk of Court using the CM/ECF system which will send notification of such filing to the following: U.S. Attorney's Office, SDNY One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York NY 10007 s/ Nicole Simmons 5

### Match 6
> ts that it apparently intends to introduce at trial. It is difficult to assess the admissibility of some of the exhibits pretrial. Others, however, such as the ones described below, are not relevant in the context of this case, have no probative value, and are extremely prejudicial. Accordingly, Ms. Maxwell objects to the following exhibits pursuant to Federal Rules of Evidence 401, 403 and 404(b): I. The Exhibits Government Exhibit 251 and 288 are framed photograph The photographs have no nexus to Ms. Maxwell The photographs have no probative value to any allegation in this case and appear to b

### Match 7
> text of this case, have no probative value, and are extremely prejudicial. Accordingly, Ms. Maxwell objects to the following exhibits pursuant to Federal Rules of Evidence 401, 403 and 404(b): I. The Exhibits Government Exhibit 251 and 288 are framed photograph The photographs have no nexus to Ms. Maxwell The photographs have no probative value to any allegation in this case and appear to be offered to demonstrate some character flaw in Mr. Epstein and, by association, Ms. Maxwell. Government Exhibit 294 is a box containing an item described as "Twin Torpedos." This box was apparently seized du

### Match 8
> and 404(b): I. The Exhibits Government Exhibit 251 and 288 are framed photograph The photographs have no nexus to Ms. Maxwell The photographs have no probative value to any allegation in this case and appear to be offered to demonstrate some character flaw in Mr. Epstein and, by association, Ms. Maxwell. Government Exhibit 294 is a box containing an item described as "Twin Torpedos." This box was apparently seized during the execution of a search warrant at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida, on October 20, 2005. These items are inadmissible for the reasons discussed in Ms. Maxwell's Motio

### Match 9
> iation, Ms. Maxwell. Government Exhibit 294 is a box containing an item described as "Twin Torpedos." This box was apparently seized during the execution of a search warrant at 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, Florida, on October 20, 2005. These items are inadmissible for the reasons discussed in Ms. Maxwell's Motion to Exclude Items Purportedly Seized During Search of 358 El Brillo Way on October 20, 2005. In addition to problems related to the evidentiary foundation of these items, they are not relevant to any issue in this case. The unopened boxes were purportedly seized in 2005, after the end of

### Match 10
> ctober 20, 2005. In addition to problems related to the evidentiary foundation of these items, they are not relevant to any issue in this case. The unopened boxes were purportedly seized in 2005, after the end of any conspiracy alleged here. No witness will identify these items as having been in Ms. Maxwell's possession or used in connection with any crime alleged in the indictment. 1 EFTA00021947 Government Exhibit 313 purports to be a photograph of Ms. Maxwell, purportedly seized from a DVD disk in a binder found on a shelf in Jeffrey Epstein's house when it was searched in 2012. There is no n
