# EFTA02492939

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** first draft , and the pen.=C2 . I really appreciate the kind gesture and your friendship. =AO can you give me marks email. ? =AO I suggested to him, and you should also join ,the last week in sept is =ull of interesting people in new york, as it is the opening of the U= general assembly, and the clinton global initiative. world l=aders. finance ministers. fun dinners lunches etc. =div> I will be at the ranch the rest of the month, come whenev=r you want , bring whomever you please <=n-- =AO please note The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client priv

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, August 3, 2015 4:58 AM 
To: 
Reid Hoffman 
thank you for dinner, the first draft , and the pen.=C2 . I really appreciate the kind gesture and your friendship. =AO 
can you give me marks email. ? =AO I suggested to him, and you should also join ,the last week in sept is =ull of 
interesting people in new york, as it is the opening of the U= general assembly, and the clinton global initiative. world 
l=aders. finance ministers. fun dinners lunches etc. 
=div> I will be at the ranch the rest of the month, come whenev=r you want , bring whomever you please 
<=n--
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged =may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--047d7b110a7e1ec2f1051c6102b3-- conversation-id 108461 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1438577856 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 531409 
1 
EFTA_R1_01615950 
EFTA02492939

