# EFTA02587182

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:lpx=ttccc solid;padding-left:lex"> Hey thanks. Yes Where and and At what time. Mort Sent from my iPhone On Sep 4, 2014, at 2:41 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:je=vacation@gmail.com> wrote:=br> want to spend some quality time with bill gates and me =AO, monday afternoon:? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copyi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, September 5, 2014 10:59 AM 
To: 
Mortimer Zuckerman 
Subject: 
Re: 
my house 2? 
On Fri, Sep 5, 2014 at 6:58 AM, Mortimer Zuckerman.< 
<mailton 
> wrote: 
clockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:lpx=ttccc solid;padding-left:lex"> Hey thanks. Yes 
Where and and At what time. Mort Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 4, 2014, at 2:41 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:je=vacation@gmail.com> wrote:=br> 
want to spend some quality time with bill gates and me =AO, monday afternoon:? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message is a private communication and is intended only for the named =ddressee. It may contain information 
which is confidential, proprietary an=/or privileged under applicable law. If you are not the designated recipie=t, you 
may not review, copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in error, please noti=y the sender by reply 
e-mail and delete this message from your system. 
Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01767801 
EFTA02587182

=C2 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
TEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to 
jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01767802 
EFTA02587183

