# EFTA02225969

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** yna Good morning everyone, Sony for the delay! Yes please my apartment needs it too I have been fighting with bags for' while! Sincerely, On Mon, Oct 2, 2017 at 10:13 AM wrote: Thanks Les, Cesar is fantastic!! Sent from my iPhone On Oct 2, 2017, at 10:03 AM, Lesley Groff wrote: ok great. Andrew answered me back with the below info...Merwin (or one of our people) will go around with the exterminator to let him in...so don't worry if you are not home...They will start around 10:45am... please advise if you would like your apartments done as well. I know you had yours done recently! th

**[WORD]:** thanks Cesar goes with the exterminator to each apt. I can have him contact Merwin Wednesday morning around 1030 and they can do the Epstein Pats first. All chemical they use are both pet and kid friendly. The occupants don't need to vacate. Let me know if you have any other questions. Thanks. Andrew. Sent from my iPhone On Oct 2 2017 at 9:45 AM, ElliMin wrote: Les I would like to have mine 10F done as well On Sun, Oct I, 2017 at 10:50 PM, Karyna Shuliak wrote: Hi Lesley, I would like to have mine sprayed as well please. Merwin, do you know if it is EFTA_R1_00069287 EFTA02225969 dan

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Cc: 
Shuliak 
From: 
Sent 
Subject 
B 
Mon 10/2/2017 2:14:42 PM 
Re: Exterminator to come to Apartments Wed. Oct. 4 
Karyna 
Good morning everyone, 
Sony for the delay! Yes please my apartment needs it too I have been fighting with bags for' 
while! 
Sincerely, 
On Mon, Oct 2, 2017 at 10:13 AM 
wrote: 
Thanks Les, Cesar is fantastic!! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 2, 2017, at 10:03 AM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
ok great. Andrew answered me back with the below info...Merwin (or one of 
our people) will go around with the exterminator to let him in...so don't worry if 
you are not home...They will start around 10:45am... 
please 
advise if you would like your apartments done as well. 
I know you had 
yours done recently! thanks 
Cesar goes with the exterminator to each apt. I can have him contact Merwin 
Wednesday morning around 1030 and they can do the Epstein Pats first. All 
chemical they use are both pet and kid friendly. The occupants don't need to 
vacate. Let me know if you have any other questions. 
Thanks. Andrew. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 2 2017 at 9:45 AM, 
ElliMin 
wrote: 
Les I would like to have mine 10F done as well 
On Sun, Oct I, 2017 at 10:50 PM, Karyna Shuliak 
wrote: 
Hi Lesley, 
I would like to have mine sprayed as well please. Merwin, do you know if it is 
EFTA_R1_00069287 
EFTA02225969

dangerous for cats, just wonder if I need to move them while the 
apartment is bein sprayed? 
FYI: just came in to 3M to bring I few things and saw baby roaches in the bathroom 
and bedroom... 
> On Sep 
2017, at 12:32 PM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
> An exterminator will be coming to the apartments on Wed. Oct. 4th...please let 
me know if you wish to have him visit your apartment...he will 
spray for roaches/bugs... 
> We will have Merwin (Sonam or Leo?) go with the exterminator to each 
apartment and let him in so we will not need to give out your code. 
> Please get back to me as soon as you can. thanks, Lesley 
Sincerely 
EFT&R1_00969288 
EFTA02225970

