# EFTA00026926 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, April 13, 2021 7:38 PM
- **Subject:** Ghislaine M

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Wed, 14 Apr 2021 03:06:19 +0000 Got a quick response. The Marshals will need an order from the Court. You may note that my office does not object to the request. Best, From: Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 11:00 PM To: 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: RE: Ghislaine

### Match 2
> From: To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Wed, 14 Apr 2021 03:06:19 +0000 Got a quick response. The Marshals will need an order from the Court. You may note that my office does not object to the request. Best, From: Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 11:00 PM To: 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: RE: Ghi

### Match 3
> ine Maxwell Date: Wed, 14 Apr 2021 03:06:19 +0000 Got a quick response. The Marshals will need an order from the Court. You may note that my office does not object to the request. Best, From: Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 11:00 PM To: 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: RE: Ghislaine axwe Hi Bobbi, I will forward your request to my contact with the USMS and note that I have no objection. And no objection to you contacting the Court. Best, From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 7:38 PM To: Cc: nstian Ever e Subject: Ghislaine M Good evening- Might you

### Match 4
> tian Everdell Subject: RE: Ghislaine axwe Hi Bobbi, I will forward your request to my contact with the USMS and note that I have no objection. And no objection to you contacting the Court. Best, From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 7:38 PM To: Cc: nstian Ever e Subject: Ghislaine M Good evening- Might you have any sway in persuading the Marshal permit Ms. Maxwell to have her legal materials while in the cell block? She arrived today at — 5:15 am and remained idle in the cell block until — 8:30 am when she was brought to the fifth floor. Otherwise, any opposition to me

### Match 5
> to my contact with the USMS and note that I have no objection. And no objection to you contacting the Court. Best, From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Sent: Tuesday, April 13, 2021 7:38 PM To: Cc: nstian Ever e Subject: Ghislaine M Good evening- Might you have any sway in persuading the Marshal permit Ms. Maxwell to have her legal materials while in the cell block? She arrived today at — 5:15 am and remained idle in the cell block until — 8:30 am when she was brought to the fifth floor. Otherwise, any opposition to me contacting the Court for an order (per the Marshal)? Enjoy the evening. See you tomo
