# EFTA02474885

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: settlement

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|&=uot:Richard Kah|
|Sent||
|Subject|New Issu= $25 Par: Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Perpetual Preferred Stock; 5.75%=Area;|

---

**[WORD]:** o U.S. Tax Withholding for NRA Clients: =C2* 40=A0 Yes' l>=A0 =C2* <=> Expected Listing: *410 NYSE under the symbol WFCprW =C2* Settlement: =anuary 29, 2016 j>=A0 Timing= =C2* Today's Business As you can see it*=99s not Fix-To-Float, but still worth looking at. Speak soon. =u> Best, Andrew<=> Andrew S. Atlas<=b> Financial Advisor <=>Equity Sales/Middle M=rkets Group=C2* Morgan Stanley=Wealth Management 3 EFTA_R1_01587759 EFTA02474887 Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any security=or commodity. Un

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, January 19, 2016 3:58 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: New Issue $25 Par. Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Perpetual Preferred Stock; 
5.75% Area; Fixed-for-Life 
3 mill 
On Tue, Jan 19, 2016 at 10:56 AM, Richard Kahn <r=chardkahnl2@gmail.com <mailto:richardkahn12@gmail.com» 
wrote: 
currently you have no exposure=to wells in equities or preferreds or bonds 
please adv=se 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
Begin forwarded message: 
Subject: New Issu= $25 Par: Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) Perpetual Preferred Stock; 5.75%=Area; 
Fixed-for-Life 
Date: January 19, 2016 at 10:22:46 AM EST 
To: &=uot:Richard Kah 
Hey Rich, 
EFTA_R1_01587757 
EFTA02474885

=ope all is well. 
Definitely=a crazy start to the year. 
=anted to show Southern Trust Company a new issue preferred coming today: 
$25 Par New Issue Syndicate O=fering: 
Wells Fargo & Company (WFC) =C240 
Q=A0 
=C24> 
4>=A0 
40=A0 
=C24> 
4>=A0 
Issuer: =ells Fargo & Company (Ticker: WFC) 
Securities Offered: 
4>=A0 Depositary shares each representing 1/1,000th interest in a share of no=-
cumulative perpetual Class A Preferred Stock Series W =C2* 
Expected Ratings: 
=C24> 
Baa2/BBB/BBB (St/St/St) 4>=A0 
Size: 
$250mm (10mm=shares) 
=C24> 
4>=A0 
=C24) 
Q=A0 
Maturity: 
4>=A0 
Perpetual =C24> 
Price Guida=ce: 
Q=A0 5.75% Area; Fixed for Life Q=A0 
=C240 
40=A0 
<=u> 
Offer Price: 
$25 =er depositary share 
=C24> 
Dividends 
40=A0 Quarterly, in arrears on the 15th of March, June, Sep=ember, and December 
=C24) 
4>=A0 
<=u> 
First Payment: March 15, 2016 
40=A0 
=C240 
Optio=al Redemption: In whole, or in part, on March 15, 2021, or any=dividend payment date 
thereafter, at a redemption price equal to $25,000 p=r share of Series W Preferred Stock (equivalent to $25 per 
depositary shar=), plus an amount equal to any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any un=eclared 
dividends. The Series W Preferred Stock may also be redeemed by us=at our option in whole, but not in part, prior to 
March 15, 2021, upon the=occurrence of a "regulatory capital treatment event," as described herein, at a redemption 
2 
EFTA_R1_01587758 
EFTA02474886

price equal=to $25,000 per share of Series W Preferred Stock (equivalent to $25 per de=ositary share), plus an amount 
equal to any declared and unpaid dividends,=without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. (See Red) 
QDI/DR= Eligible: 
*=A0 Yes, See Red for tax and withholding details. =C2* 
Subject to U.S. Tax Withholding for NRA Clients: =C2* 
40=A0 Yes' 
l>=A0 
=C2* 
<=> 
Expected Listing: 
*410 
NYSE under the symbol WFCprW =C2* 
Settlement: 
=anuary 29, 2016 
j>=A0 
Timing= 
=C2* Today's Business 
As you can see it*=99s not Fix-To-Float, but still worth looking at. 
Speak soon. =u> 
Best, 
Andrew<=> 
Andrew S. Atlas<=b> 
Financial Advisor 
<=>Equity Sales/Middle M=rkets Group=C2* 
Morgan Stanley=Wealth Management 
3 
EFTA_R1_01587759 
EFTA02474887

Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any security=or 
commodity. Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided in=20 e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this e-mail is an employee of=20 Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If 
you =ave received this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper copies=and notify the sender 
immediately. Erroneous transmission is not intended to wa=ve confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the 
right, to t=e extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic communications= This message is subject to 
terms available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.,=A0 If you cannot 
access this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the contents to you. By messaging with Morgan 
Stanley you consent to the=20 foregoing. 
=C2. please note 
The information contained in this communication =s 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute in=ide information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It =s the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thi= 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be=unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please noti=y us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> , and 
des=roy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachment=. copyright -all rights reserved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01587760 
EFTA02474888

