# EFTA02438484

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein cteeyacation@gmall.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent|Thu Oct 15 07:48:10 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmail.compeeyacation©gmail.corn] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Thur 10/15/2009 11:51:08 AM Subject: Re: Amazing. I just sent you an email before I even saw this. I am on the usair shuttle flying to washington to suck up to freddie mac re the centerline deal. I'll call you when I land. From: Jeffrey Epstein cteeyacation@gmall.com> To: Farkas, And

**[WORD]:** rew L. Sent Thur 10/15/2009 11:51:08 AM Subject: Re: Amazing. I just sent you an email before I even saw this. I am on the usair shuttle flying to washington to suck up to freddie mac re the centerline deal. I'll call you when I land. From: Jeffrey Epstein cteeyacation@gmall.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L Sent: Thu Oct 15 07:48:10 2009 Subject: sultan is coming for dinner tonight.. i wanted to speak with you before *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute ins

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.compeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Thur 10/15/2009 11:51:08 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Amazing. I just sent you an email before I even saw this. I am on the usair shuttle flying to washington to suck up 
to freddie mac re the centerline deal. I'll call you when I land. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein cteeyacation@gmall.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Sent: Thu Oct 15 07:48:10 2009 
Subject: 
sultan is coming for dinner tonight.. i wanted to speak with you before 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01511697 
EFTA02438484

