# EFTA02280603

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Monday, April 8, 2019 7:17 AM|
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** To: From: Hagen, Maddie Sent Mon 4/8/2019 2:21:04 PM Subject RE: Jeffrey Epstein Hi So sorry, it looks like they didn't get connected this weekend? e Any chance Jeffrey is free at 3pm ET today? Thank you, Maddie From: Farkas, Andrew L Sent: Monday, April 8, 2019 7:17 AM To: Hagen, Maddie Cc: Dowling, David Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein Pls schedule with him this week. Also, we have to make sure I call the other people in my Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls organize brief calla for me on th

**[WORD]:** e with him this week. Also, we have to make sure I call the other people in my Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls organize brief calla for me on that front. Thx. Sent with BlackBerry Work (www.blackberry.com) From: Date: Friday, Apr 05, 2019, 5:27 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! Hope all is well. EFTA_R1_01100902 EFTA02280603 Scm from my iPhonc This mes

**[WORD]:** sure I call the other people in my Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls organize brief calla for me on that front. Thx. Sent with BlackBerry Work (www.blackberry.com) From: Date: Friday, Apr 05, 2019, 5:27 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! Hope all is well. EFTA_R1_01100902 EFTA02280603 Scm from my iPhonc This message, and any attachments hereto, is confid

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Hagen, Maddie 
Sent 
Mon 4/8/2019 2:21:04 PM 
Subject RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi 
So sorry, it looks like they didn't get connected this weekend? e 
Any chance Jeffrey is free at 3pm ET today? 
Thank you, 
Maddie 
From: Farkas, Andrew L 
Sent: Monday, April 8, 2019 7:17 AM 
To: Hagen, Maddie 
Cc: Dowling, David 
Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein 
Pls schedule with him this week. Also, we have to make sure I call the other people in my 
Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls organize brief calla for me on that 
front. Thx. 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com)
From: 
Date: Friday, Apr 05, 2019, 5:27 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just 
try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! 
Hope all is well. 
EFTA_R1_01100902 
EFTA02280603

Scm from my iPhonc 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use 
of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information 
that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure 
agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any 
information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its 
affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital 
Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01100903 
EFTA02280604

