# EFTA00020307 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 10

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 266 Filed 05/03/21 Page 1 of 3 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SDNY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 5/3/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: Last summer, the Court scheduled trial in this matter to commence on July 12, 2021. On March 29, 2021, three and a half months before trial, the Government

### Match 2
> ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: Last summer, the Court scheduled trial in this matter to commence on July 12, 2021. On March 29, 2021, three and a half months before trial, the Government filed an S2 Superseding Indictment. As a result of the late filing of the S2, counsel for Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell request a continuance of the trial date until either fall 2021 or January 2022. t The Government opposes any continuance, but requests that if one is granted it be until March of 2022. Having carefully considered the parties' respective positions, the Court GRANTS Maxwell's request for a short

### Match 3
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 266 Filed 05/03/21 Page 1 of 3 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SDNY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 5/3/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: Last summer, the Court scheduled trial in this matter to commence on July 12, 2021. On March 29, 2021, three and a half months before trial, the Go

### Match 4
> ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: Last summer, the Court scheduled trial in this matter to commence on July 12, 2021. On March 29, 2021, three and a half months before trial, the Government filed an S2 Superseding Indictment. As a result of the late filing of the S2, counsel for Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell request a continuance of the trial date until either fall 2021 or January 2022. t The Government opposes any continuance, but requests that if one is granted it be until March of 2022. Having carefully considered the parties' respective positions, the Court GRANTS Maxwell's request for

### Match 5
> for Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell request a continuance of the trial date until either fall 2021 or January 2022. t The Government opposes any continuance, but requests that if one is granted it be until March of 2022. Having carefully considered the parties' respective positions, the Court GRANTS Maxwell's request for a short continuance until the fall of 2021 to allow the defense to prepare for the additional charges brought in the S2 indictment. The Court rejects Maxwell's alternative request to continue the trial date until January of 2022 and the Government's alternative proposal that the C

### Match 6
> if one is granted it be until March of 2022. Having carefully considered the parties' respective positions, the Court GRANTS Maxwell's request for a short continuance until the fall of 2021 to allow the defense to prepare for the additional charges brought in the S2 indictment. The Court rejects Maxwell's alternative request to continue the trial date until January of 2022 and the Government's alternative proposal that the Court adjourn trial until March of 2022. The Court bases its decision on a number of factors. First, the filing of the S2 indictment has added a significant burden to the de

### Match 7
> nment's alternative proposal that the Court adjourn trial until March of 2022. The Court bases its decision on a number of factors. First, the filing of the S2 indictment has added a significant burden to the defense's preparation for trial. The new indictment alleges The alternative request by Maxwell resulted from a conflict among lawyers involved in both this case and a criminal matter before Judge Furman, which is discussed in defense counsel's letter. Dkt. No. 246 at 4. The Court has been informed that Judge Furman has adjourned the trial date with respect to two defendants. The Court pre

### Match 8
> inal matter before Judge Furman, which is discussed in defense counsel's letter. Dkt. No. 246 at 4. The Court has been informed that Judge Furman has adjourned the trial date with respect to two defendants. The Court presumes that this eliminates the September through December conflict for one of Maxwell's defense counsel. It presumably does not eliminate the conflict for one of the AUSAs involved in both cases. Dkt. No. 235 at 10 n.5. EFTA00020307 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 266 Filed 05/03/21 Page 2 of 3 that the conspiracies charged in Counts I and 3 extended to 2004 (the S I charged thr

### Match 9
> . EFTA00020307 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 266 Filed 05/03/21 Page 2 of 3 that the conspiracies charged in Counts I and 3 extended to 2004 (the S I charged through 1997), identifying a fourth alleged victim, Minor Victim-4. It also adds two new charges: Count 5 of the S2 Indictment charges Maxwell with participating in a sex trafficking conspiracy between 2001 and 2004, and Count 6 charges Maxwell with participating in the sex trafficking of a minor or aiding and abetting the same. Dkt. No. 187. These additions will require the defense to (1) review a substantial amount of discovery that

### Match 10
> charged in Counts I and 3 extended to 2004 (the S I charged through 1997), identifying a fourth alleged victim, Minor Victim-4. It also adds two new charges: Count 5 of the S2 Indictment charges Maxwell with participating in a sex trafficking conspiracy between 2001 and 2004, and Count 6 charges Maxwell with participating in the sex trafficking of a minor or aiding and abetting the same. Dkt. No. 187. These additions will require the defense to (1) review a substantial amount of discovery that is now potentially relevant as a result of the S2 Indictment; (2) re-review discovery that it had prev
