# EFTA02708008

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Andrew=Farnum [rnailto:|
|To|Boris Nikolic|
|Sent|Sunday, September 15, 2013 9:37 AM|
|Subject|RE: are you leading this?|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Boris Nikolic Sent: Monday, September 16, 2013 2:57 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com) Subject: FW: are you leading this? Attachments: EventJPM Panel 9-13-2013.docx Not for sending out. = Just for your info. c=p> B <=p> From: Andrew=Farnum [rnailto: Sent: Sunday, September 15, 2013 9:37 AM To: Boris Nikolic Subject: RE: are you leading this? The panel will be in fron= of a crowd of —250, including many outside guests. NNW's, foundatio=s, pharma companies, etc. After the panel, there is a —20 minute meeting with the key GH

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Monday, September 16, 2013 2:57 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com) 
Subject: 
FW: are you leading this? 
Attachments: 
EventJPM Panel 9-13-2013.docx 
Not for sending out. = Just for your info. 
c=p> 
B 
<=p> 
From: Andrew=Farnum [rnailto: 
Sent: Sunday, September 15, 2013 9:37 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: RE: are you leading this? 
The panel will be in fron= of a crowd of —250, including many outside guests. NNW's, foundatio=s, pharma companies, 
etc. After the panel, there is a —20 minute meeting with the key GHIF investors to thank them for partnering. Th= 
people at that meeting will be: 
<=p> 
*Jamie Dimon, CEO, JPMorgan Chase=/p> 
*Jamie Cooper-Hohn, Founder and Non-Executive Chair= CIFF 
*Christian Paradis, Minister of International Devel=pment, Canada 
*Charlotte Petri Gornitzka, Director General, Swedi=h International Development Agency 
*Ursula Mueller, Director General, BMZ</=pan> 
*Klaus Mueller, Director, KfW 
*Moncef Slaoui, Chairman Global R&D, GlaxoSmith=line 
*Bob McMahon, Senior Vice President Government Rela=ions, Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility, Merck<=p> 
*Caroline Roan, President, Pfizer Foundation<frp> 
*Sabina Cosic, Chief Investment Officer, Life Scien=es, IFC 
EFTA_R1_02107404 
EFTA02708008

I've attached the I=test draft brief for the event. 
On a personal note, iC=17;s been a real pleasure working with you the past few years Boris. =The foundation, and me 
personally, are really going to miss having you around. Keep me updated on your plans and I hope we're abl= to keep in 
touch. 
<=p> 
Andrew<=p> 
<=p> 
2 
EFTA_R1_021 07405 
EFTA02708009

