# EFTA00015859 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 27

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 298 Filed 06/04/21 Page 1 of 6 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC //: DATE FILED: 6/4/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On April 27, 2021, the Court denied Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell's request for authorization to serve a subpoena to Boies Schiller Flexner LLP. Dkt. No. 25

### Match 2
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC //: DATE FILED: 6/4/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On April 27, 2021, the Court denied Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell's request for authorization to serve a subpoena to Boies Schiller Flexner LLP. Dkt. No. 252. The Court requested the Government's views as to three of those requests: Request 9, which sought production of Minor Victim-2's entire diary from her teenage years; Request 10, which targeted a pair of

### Match 3
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 298 Filed 06/04/21 Page 1 of 6 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC //: DATE FILED: 6/4/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On April 27, 2021, the Court denied Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell's request for authorization to serve a subpoena to Boies Schiller Flexner LLP. Dkt

### Match 4
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC //: DATE FILED: 6/4/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On April 27, 2021, the Court denied Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell's request for authorization to serve a subpoena to Boies Schiller Flexner LLP. Dkt. No. 252. The Court requested the Government's views as to three of those requests: Request 9, which sought production of Minor Victim-2's entire diary from her teenage years; Request 10, which targeted a

### Match 5
> kt. No. 252. The Court requested the Government's views as to three of those requests: Request 9, which sought production of Minor Victim-2's entire diary from her teenage years; Request 10, which targeted a pair of boots that Minor Victim-2 allegedly received as a gift from Jeffrey Epstein and Maxwell; and Request 11, which sought original versions of certain photographs. Id. The Government submitted its views on May 4, 2021. Dkt. No. 269. It supplemented its letter on May 6, 2021. Dkt. No. 271. The Defendant filed a response on May 12, 2021. Having considered the parties' views, the Defendan

### Match 6
> It supplemented its letter on May 6, 2021. Dkt. No. 271. The Defendant filed a response on May 12, 2021. Having considered the parties' views, the Defendant's request is denied in full. As noted, Request 9 seeks the original copy of a journal from an alleged victim from when she was a teenager. Maxwell received copies of some of the pages in the journal from the Government pursuant to Rule 16, but the Government represents that it does not have access to the entire journal. In those pages, Minor Victim-2 describes a trip to New York in which she spent time with Epstein and, among other things,

### Match 7
> ts that it does not have access to the entire journal. In those pages, Minor Victim-2 describes a trip to New York in which she spent time with Epstein and, among other things, visited his residence. Minor Victim-2 also describes her impression of Epstein at the time. There is no indication that Maxwell is mentioned there or anywhere else in the journal. I EFTA00015859 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 298 Filed 06/04/21 Page 2 of 6 Maxwell appears to proffer two theories of relevance as to the entire journal. While she studiously avoids using the word, one such theory relates to impeachment.

### Match 8
> th Epstein and, among other things, visited his residence. Minor Victim-2 also describes her impression of Epstein at the time. There is no indication that Maxwell is mentioned there or anywhere else in the journal. I EFTA00015859 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 298 Filed 06/04/21 Page 2 of 6 Maxwell appears to proffer two theories of relevance as to the entire journal. While she studiously avoids using the word, one such theory relates to impeachment. As this Court has noted, the potential impeachment of a witness does not provide grounds for issuance or enforcement of a Rule 17(c) subpoena

### Match 9
> ement of a Rule 17(c) subpoena because such materials would only become relevant after a witness has testified. United States v. Slcelos, No. 15-CR-317 (KMW), 2018 WL 2254538, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. May 17, 2018), aff'd, 988 F.3d 645 (2d Cir. 2021) (collecting cases). The other theory of relevance that Maxwell proffers is that if the rest of the journal does not mention her, the journal as a whole may serve as exculpatory evidence. At best, the theory amounts to little more than a "fishing expedition," which is not the proper use of Rule 17(c). See United States v. Nixon, 418 U.S. 683, 698-70 (1974).

### Match 10
> 7(c), the moving party must show that all of the requested material is relevant. Cf. United States v. Pena, No. 15-CR-551 (MN), 2016 WL 8735699, at *2 (S.D.N.Y. Feb. 12, 2016). It appears from the briefing that the diary includes entries from before Minor Victim-2's first time meeting Epstein or Maxwell. Maxwell does not explain why the absence of references to her in those entries would be relevant, and she provides no other basis as to the relevance of any portions of the diary that precede her meeting Epstein or Maxwell. And here, too, the theory that the rest of the journal contradicts Mino
