# EFTA02507287

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, March 30, 2015 8:40 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel +spoke to mathue/ s= you understand I could not make any public statement re , me you or=anyone else. I have not. my lawyers for years have been clear =tih me, I m sorry for the difficulty it has caused. Im ready t= meet speak at your convenience. re your apt in new york , wha= would you like t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, March 30, 2015 8:40 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
+spoke to mathue/ 
s= you understand I could not make any public statement re , me you or=anyone else. I have not. 
my lawyers for years have been clear =tih me, I m sorry for the difficulty it has caused. Im ready t= meet speak at your 
convenience. re your apt in new york , wha= would you like to do? . would you like to have someone you se=d and 
come in and take your things. leave them, do=you need money . ? Im not sure what we should do. = amhere , feel 
terrible and will meet you if you prefer. 
=AO 
please note 
The information conta=ned in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privi=eged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for th= use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
d=sclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strict=y prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communic=tion in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-ma=l to 
jeevacatio=@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof,<=r>including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--047d7bd91ebc5725db0512877bb9-- conversation-id 120940 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1427747982 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 492904 
1 
EFTA_R1_01637853 
EFTA02507287

