# EFTA02566073

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Iv'et|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** tomorrow night, let me know if Dave a will fly with me when you decide,. Thank you, Larry Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2013 19:27:54 -0500 To: Iv'et >: Lesley Grof Subject: leave friday late for sfe, leave La. on tues late. bill gates in ny on wed thurs fri. The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Thursday, February 21, 2013 12:43 AM 
To: 
Je vacation 
Subject: 
Re: zorro 
Thanks, I confirm friday night late departure, I will plan to arrive in ny tomorrow night, let me know if Dave a 
will 
fly with me when you decide,. 
Thank you, 
Larry 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 20 Feb 2013 19:27:54 -0500 
To: Iv'et 
>: Lesley Grof 
Subject: 
leave friday late for sfe, 
leave La. on tues late. bill gates in ny on wed thurs fri. 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
1 
EFTA_R1_01731059 
EFTA02566073

