# EFTA02423117

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff|
|To|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject|Call List|

---

**[WORD]:** e back first week of Sept. His cell i . Work LM for: Jean Luc (2x's) Eva (spoke to Glen, Eva in the shower and will call you back) Brian Greene (emailed him as well) Tommy Motto's (he is in a meeting, out around 2:45) Noah Tepperberg (spoke with him . He is in a meeting, will call you back) Andrew Farkas (emailed him to call you on your direct line tonight. Andrew is travelling) Valerie Post (her assistant will get back with me for times she is available) Frederic Fekkai Jes Staley (on the phone. Will call you back) Henry Rosovsky EFTA_R1_01490024 EFTA02423117 Still need to call: Mar

**[WORD]:** 's) Eva (spoke to Glen, Eva in the shower and will call you back) Brian Greene (emailed him as well) Tommy Motto's (he is in a meeting, out around 2:45) Noah Tepperberg (spoke with him . He is in a meeting, will call you back) Andrew Farkas (emailed him to call you on your direct line tonight. Andrew is travelling) Valerie Post (her assistant will get back with me for times she is available) Frederic Fekkai Jes Staley (on the phone. Will call you back) Henry Rosovsky EFTA_R1_01490024 EFTA02423117 Still need to call: Mark Packer Dick Merkin Pinto The information contained in this comm

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey EpsteinUeevacationagmaiLcomj 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent 
Tue 8/24/2010 9:37:01 PM 
Subject Fwd: Call List 
harvey, wienstein, richard johnson, tina brown, 
 
Forwarded message 
From: Lesley Groff 
Date: Tue, Aug 24, 2010 at 2:12 PM 
Subject: Call List 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>
-Terje Roed-Larsen is out of the country on vacation. I left a msg on his cell and with his office 
Vera (his assistant) Terje will be back first week of Sept. His cell i 
. Work 
LM for: 
Jean Luc (2x's) 
Eva (spoke to Glen, Eva in the shower and will call you back) 
Brian Greene (emailed him as well) 
Tommy Motto's (he is in a meeting, out around 2:45) 
Noah Tepperberg (spoke with him . He is in a meeting, will call you back) 
Andrew Farkas (emailed him to call you on your direct line tonight. Andrew is travelling) 
Valerie Post (her assistant will get back with me for times she is available) 
Frederic Fekkai 
Jes Staley (on the phone. Will call you back) 
Henry Rosovsky 
EFTA_R1_01490024 
EFTA02423117

Still need to call: 
Mark Packer 
Dick Merkin 
Pinto 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01490025 
EFTA02423118

