# EFTA02458135

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** mounts (28 x 500) - will take 2-3 biz days Please advise store or amex for gift cards Thank you<=div> Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 On Jun 30, 2016, at 10:25 AM, jeffr=y E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: rich , get 1 14k gift card from bergdorf and have i= delivered to eva dubin with a happy EFTA_R1_01562411 EFTA02458135 =br> =C2 please note The information containe= in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the u=e of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Thursday, June 30, 2016 5:38 PM 
Richard Kahn 
Re: gift cards 
Let's et a new Denali and trade on Bentle Palm =br>On Thursday, 30 June 2016, Richard Kahn 
> wrote: 
brithdy 
Just picked up cards. Will now send th=m via messenger to 1040 5th avenue. 
Sent from my iPhone 
=div> 
On Jun 30, 2016, at 10:49 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Bergdorf 
wrote: 
g=ft cards direct from bergdorf come in 1,000 max amounts (14 x 1000) - can =ick up today 
gift cards from american expres= come in 500 max amounts (28 x 500) - will take 2-3 biz days 
Please advise store or amex for gift cards 
Thank you<=div> 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
On Jun 30, 2016, at 10:25 AM, jeffr=y E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
rich , get 1 14k gift card from bergdorf and have i= delivered to eva dubin with a happy 
EFTA_R1_01562411 
EFTA02458135

=br> 
=C2 
please note 
The information containe= in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the u=e of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disc=osure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly =rohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communicati=n in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail =o jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all =opies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserve= 
=div dir="ltr") 
please note 
=div>The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, ma= be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and =s intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
=EE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or =ny part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have=received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately byreturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.=om siavascript:_e(%7B%7D,icvml&#=9;jeevacation@gmail.comi);> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inclu=ing all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information=contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client=privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for=br>the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized =se, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
co=munication in error, please notify us immediately by 
2 
EFTA_R1_01562412 
EFTA02458136

return e-mail or b= e-mail to jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01562413 
EFTA02458137

