# EFTA02591494

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Jeffrey E."|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, September 26, 2014 1:04 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: how are you feeling? <=r> On Fri, Sep 26, 2014 at 9:01 AM, Jean Luc Bru=el > wrote: nice but going to kiev tomorrow Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:26/09/2014 2:41 PM (GMT+01:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: paris? fun? please note

**[FULL]:** day, September 26, 2014 1:04 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: how are you feeling? <=r> On Fri, Sep 26, 2014 at 9:01 AM, Jean Luc Bru=el > wrote: nice but going to kiev tomorrow Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:26/09/2014 2:41 PM (GMT+01:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: paris? fun? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of th

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, September 26, 2014 1:04 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
how are you feeling? 
<=r> 
On Fri, Sep 26, 2014 at 9:01 AM, Jean Luc Bru=el 
> 
wrote: 
nice but going to kiev tomorrow 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
 Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:26/09/2014 2:41 PM (GMT+01:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
paris? fun? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01774017 
EFTA02591494

=C2 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to 
jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01774018 
EFTA02591495

