# EFTA00022351 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Press Office, U.S. Embassy London
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday. June 9.2020 9:21 AM
- **Subject:** The SW11, Tuesday, June 9, 2020

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From the U.S.: From: Press Office, U.S. Embassy London Sent: Tuesday. June 9.2020 9:21 AM To: Subject: The SW11, Tuesday, June 9, 2020 Your daily digest of top UK news stories from U.S. Embassy London Public Affairs The SW11 June 9, 2020 What the Papers Say Most headlines are leading with Prince Andrew and his involvement in the Epstein inquiry. Telegraph writes "In the latest twist in the saga concerning Prince Andrew's links to the billionaire paedophile, the Duke's legal team insisted he had offered to speak to the US authorities EFTA00022351 "on at least three occasions this year". Revea

### Match 2
> sday, June 9, 2020 Your daily digest of top UK news stories from U.S. Embassy London Public Affairs The SW11 June 9, 2020 What the Papers Say Most headlines are leading with Prince Andrew and his involvement in the Epstein inquiry. Telegraph writes "In the latest twist in the saga concerning Prince Andrew's links to the billionaire paedophile, the Duke's legal team insisted he had offered to speak to the US authorities EFTA00022351 "on at least three occasions this year". Revealing the Department of Justice (DoJ) had confirmed that the Duke "is not and never has been a target of their criminal

### Match 3
> how that Britain is EFTA00022352 "serious" about its obligations to the territory. The prime minister, who has promised to give three million Hong Kong citizens extended visa-free access, was told by senior Tories that he should allow them to remain permanently. Editorial: Question Time: The Duke of York has a moral obligation to assist US law enforcement agencies - Times Jonathan Saxty: Brexit Britain has a much better alternative than the EU: Canzuk - Telegraph Jane Dalton: Boris Johnson is dropping his promise not to import chlorinated chicken after Brexit. The welfare of animals ha

### Match 4
> accused him of refusing to cooperate with its investigation into Epstein's sex-trafficking network, he is taking on the most powerful law agency in the world. And in a further twist last night, U.S. authorities responded to the Prince's intervention. In a statement, the Justice Department said Andrew had sought to 'falsely portray' himself as a willing participant in their inquiry and said he had 'repeatedly declined' to be interviewed. In other news, The Times leads with the toppling of the Colston statue by antiracism protestors. "The home secretary had a 'firm' conversation yesterday wit
