# EFTA00029264 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 14

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** Andrew Patel a;
- **Sent:** Monday, August 26, 2019 5:54 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: Andrew Patel <I To: ' (USANYS)" Cc: Jill Shellow' <MIIMB i re> "Donald Yannella Subject: Re: Johnny Contreras - Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Date: Tue, 03 Sep 2019 14:14:27 +0000 Importance: Normal We are here. Andrew G. Patel Attorney at Law 80 Broad Street, Suite 1900 New York, NY

### Match 2
> From: Andrew Patel <I To: ' (USANYS)" Cc: Jill Shellow' <MIIMB i re> "Donald Yannella Subject: Re: Johnny Contreras - Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Date: Tue, 03 Sep 2019 14:14:27 +0000 Importance: Normal We are here. Andrew G. Patel Attorney at Law 80 Broad Street, Suite 1900 New York, NY 10004 Sent from my phone On Sep 3, 2019, at 9:57 AM, (USANYS) < > wrote: Hi Andy, Jill, and Don, Change of plans this morning, we will be at From: (USANYS) Sent: Monday, August 26, 2019 5:54 PM To: Andrew Patel a; Jill

### Match 3
> We are here. Andrew G. Patel Attorney at Law 80 Broad Street, Suite 1900 New York, NY 10004 Sent from my phone On Sep 3, 2019, at 9:57 AM, (USANYS) < > wrote: Hi Andy, Jill, and Don, Change of plans this morning, we will be at From: (USANYS) Sent: Monday, August 26, 2019 5:54 PM To: Andrew Patel a; Jill Shellow' < > Cc: (USANYS) ; Donald Yannella ( Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Got it, thanks. Same to you and see you next week. From: Andrew Patel < Sent: Monday, August 26, 2019 4:31 PM To: (USANYS) ; Jill Shellow' •it ) Cc: (USANYS

### Match 4
> of plans this morning, we will be at From: (USANYS) Sent: Monday, August 26, 2019 5:54 PM To: Andrew Patel a; Jill Shellow' < > Cc: (USANYS) ; Donald Yannella ( Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Got it, thanks. Same to you and see you next week. From: Andrew Patel < Sent: Monday, August 26, 2019 4:31 PM To: (USANYS) ; Jill Shellow' •it ) Cc: (USANYS) >; Donald Yannella ; Andrew Patel Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Don Yannella, who is actually Mr. Contreras' lead counsel, will be joining us as well. Have

### Match 5
> ' < > Cc: (USANYS) ; Donald Yannella ( Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Got it, thanks. Same to you and see you next week. From: Andrew Patel < Sent: Monday, August 26, 2019 4:31 PM To: (USANYS) ; Jill Shellow' •it ) Cc: (USANYS) >; Donald Yannella ; Andrew Patel Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Don Yannella, who is actually Mr. Contreras' lead counsel, will be joining us as well. Have a good week and weekend. Andy EFTA00029264 Andrew G. Patel Attorney at Law 80 Broad Street, Suite 1900 New York, NY 10004

### Match 6
> To: (USANYS) ; Jill Shellow' •it ) Cc: (USANYS) >; Donald Yannella ; Andrew Patel Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Don Yannella, who is actually Mr. Contreras' lead counsel, will be joining us as well. Have a good week and weekend. Andy EFTA00029264 Andrew G. Patel Attorney at Law 80 Broad Street, Suite 1900 New York, NY 10004 Tel: Fax: CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail message is covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. 2510-2521. It is legally privileged. The information it contains is confidential information and is

### Match 7
> ng of the communication is strictl r prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of the message from your computer. Thank you. From: (USANYS) rmaittod Sent: Monday, August 26, 2019 4:00 PM To: Andrew Patel; Jill Shellow' Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Hi Andy and Jill, We are confirmed for 9/3 at 10 am at 1St. Andrews. See you then. From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 4:35 PM To: 'Andrew Patel' < >; 'Jill Shellow" Cc:

### Match 8
> nday, August 26, 2019 4:00 PM To: Andrew Patel; Jill Shellow' Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Hi Andy and Jill, We are confirmed for 9/3 at 10 am at 1St. Andrews. See you then. From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 4:35 PM To: 'Andrew Patel' < >; 'Jill Shellow" Cc: (USANYS) < Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Hi Andy/Jill, We understand that Mr. Contreras is willing to meet with us in a proffer session, and that the proffer would be limited only to the information he has regarding Mr.

### Match 9
> l, We understand that Mr. Contreras is willing to meet with us in a proffer session, and that the proffer would be limited only to the information he has regarding Mr. Epstein's death. If so, when would be convenient to meet? Let us know if you'd like to discuss anything by phone. Thanks. From: Andrew Patel Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 4:20 PM To: (USANYE) < (USANYE) (USANYE) < Cc: 'Donald Yannella ( (USANYS) Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Many thanks. Talk to you soon. Andy ; 'Jill Shellow' <Me (USANYS) < EFTA00029265 Andrew G. Patel At

### Match 10
> anks. From: Andrew Patel Sent: Wednesday, August 21, 2019 4:20 PM To: (USANYE) < (USANYE) (USANYE) < Cc: 'Donald Yannella ( (USANYS) Subject: RE: Johnny Contreras — Investigation of Jeffrey Epstein Death Many thanks. Talk to you soon. Andy ; 'Jill Shellow' <Me (USANYS) < EFTA00029265 Andrew G. Patel Attorney at Law 80 Broad Street, Suite 1900 New York, NY 10004 Tel: Fax: CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This e-mail message is covered by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. 2510-2521. It is legally privileged. The information it contains is confidential information and is
