# EFTA02470287

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** gan Stanley and Wells Fargo ple=se advise thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 EFTA_R1_01581187 EFTA02470287 fax 646.350.0954 <tel:646.350.0954> Begin forwarded message: <=iv style="margin-top:0px;margin-right:0px;margin-bottom:0px;margin- left:=px">From: "Atlas, Andrew S&=uot; <mailt Subject: New Issue $25 Par: AmTrust Finan=ial Services (AFSI) Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock; 7.75% - 7.87=% Fixed for Life <mailt Date: March 8, 2016 at 10:13:33 AM EST To: "Richard Kahn Good Morning Rich, Want to show STC another new issue preferr=d that Morgan St

**[WORD]:** tal expenditures and/or strategic acquisitions =C240 40=AO DRD/QDI Eligible: =C24> Yes, See Red for tax and withholding details Sub=ect to US Tax Withholding for NRA Clients: =C24) l>=A0 =Yes" =C2* 40=A0 Expected Listing: =C24, NYSE Timing: 4+=A0 =C24, Today'= Business Speak soon, Andrew</=> Andrew S. Atlas=u> First Vice President =span style="font-size:10.0ptcolor:#004080">Equity Sales/Middle Mar=ets Group </=pan> Financial=Advisor Morgan Stanley=Wealth Management 1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 4592 <tel:%2B1%20212%20705%2045=2> =span style="

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, March 8, 2016 4:15 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: New Issue $25 Par. AmTrust Financial Services (AFSI) Non-Cumulative Perpetual 
Preferred Stock; 7.75% - 7.875% Fixed for Life 
ok thx 
On Tue, Mar 8, 2016 at 11:14 AM, Richard Kahn 
wrote: 
working on it now and it will take all=day - hope to have rough draft late this afternoon or tomorrow am 
=div> 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
La> 
fax 646-350-0954 <tel:646-350-0954> 
On Mar 8, 2016, at 11:12 AM, jeffre= E. <jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
wrote: 
cash flow? 
=/div> 
On Tue, Mar=8, 2016 at 10:47 AM, Richard Kah 
<mailto: 
><=span> wrote: 
attached was sent from both Morgan Stanley and Wells Fargo 
ple=se advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
EFTA_R1_01581187 
EFTA02470287

fax 646.350.0954 <tel:646.350.0954> 
Begin forwarded message: 
<=iv style="margin-top:0px;margin-right:0px;margin-bottom:0px;margin-
left:=px">From: "Atlas, Andrew S&=uot; 
<mailt 
Subject: New Issue $25 Par: AmTrust Finan=ial Services (AFSI) Non-Cumulative Perpetual 
Preferred Stock; 7.75% - 7.87=% Fixed for Life 
<mailt 
Date: March 8, 2016 at 10:13:33 AM EST 
To: "Richard Kahn 
Good Morning Rich, 
Want to show STC another new issue preferr=d that Morgan Stanley is pricing today. 
1>=A0 
Details: 
Maturity: Q=A0 
=C24) 
Perpetua= 
Q=A0 
=C240 
Price Talk: 
:=C24, 
ilik:=A0 7.75% - 7.875% 
=C240 
4)=A0 
Offer Price: 
=C240 
40=A0 $25.00 
=C240 
40=A0 
2 
EFTA_R1_01581188 
EFTA02470288

Dividends: 
=C2. 
4P=A0 Payable when, as and if declared on the 15th of 
March= June, September and December beginning on 6/15/16, Fixed for life =C24> 
4>=A0 
=C2* 
Q=A0 
Optional Redemption: Callable at par on or after 3/xx/=021 
=C2* 
40=A0 
Use of Proceeds: 
=C2410 
General corporate purposes, which may includ= working 
capital, capital expenditures and/or strategic acquisitions 
=C240 
40=AO 
DRD/QDI Eligible: 
=C24> Yes, See Red for tax and withholding details 
Sub=ect to US Tax Withholding for NRA Clients: 
=C24) 
l>=A0 
=Yes" 
=C2* 
40=A0 
Expected Listing: 
=C24, NYSE 
Timing: 
4+=A0 
=C24, 
Today'= Business 
Speak soon, 
Andrew</=> 
Andrew S. Atlas=u> 
First Vice President 
=span style="font-size:10.0ptcolor:#004080">Equity Sales/Middle Mar=ets Group 
</=pan> 
Financial=Advisor 
Morgan Stanley=Wealth Management 
1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 
4592 <tel:%2B1%20212%20705%2045=2> 
=span style="font-size:9.0pt;color:#595959">NMLS ID # 1326736 
Fax: +1212 705 
3 
EFTA_R1_01581189 
EFTA02470289

Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any 
security=or commodity. Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided in=20 e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this e-mail is an employee of=20 Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC 
("Morgan Stanley"). If you =ave received this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper copies=and 
notify the sender immediately. Erroneous transmission is not intended to wa=ve confidentiality or privilege. Morgan 
Stanley reserves the right, to t=e extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic communications= This 
message is subject to terms available at the following link: 
http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.,=A0 If you cannot access this link, please notify us by 
reply message and we will send the contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley you consent to the=20 
foregoing. 
please note 
=he information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be =ttorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is in=ended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEEUnauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any p=rt thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have rece=ved this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
ret=rn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication an= all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights r=served 
4 
EFTA_R1_01581190 
EFTA02470290

4k=AO 
please note 
The information=contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client=privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for=br>the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized =se, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
co=munication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or b= e-mail to jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
5 
EFTA_R1_01581191 
EFTA02470291

