# EFTA02432543

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <Jeevacation@gmall.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent|Sat Jan 09 11:23:16 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation&mail.comUeevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sat 1/9/2010 4:24:51 PM Subject: Re: It won't. He's been consumed with some NFL secret emergency mtgs the last 24 hrs. He will get to me. My relationship with him is similar to yours and mine. Very honest, very open, very good friends. From: Jeffrey Epstein <Jeevacation@gmall.com> To

**[WORD]:** Sat 1/9/2010 4:24:51 PM Subject: Re: It won't. He's been consumed with some NFL secret emergency mtgs the last 24 hrs. He will get to me. My relationship with him is similar to yours and mine. Very honest, very open, very good friends. From: Jeffrey Epstein <Jeevacation@gmall.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L Sent: Sat Jan 09 11:23:16 2010 Subject: if stove ross answer puts you in a funny position don't sweat *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside inform

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation&mail.comUeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Sat 1/9/2010 4:24:51 PM 
Subject: Re: 
It won't. He's been consumed with some NFL secret emergency mtgs the last 24 hrs. He will get to me. My 
relationship with him is similar to yours and mine. Very honest, very open, very good friends. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <Jeevacation@gmall.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Sent: Sat Jan 09 11:23:16 2010 
Subject: 
if stove ross answer puts you in a funny position don't sweat 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1503372 
EFTA02432543

