# EFTA02404991

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, philanthrop

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: soon yi previn Sent: Tuesday, October 8, 2013 10:28 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Did you see the New York Times science section on Bill Gates and his philanthropy? I thought it was all very good. Thx 4 the cake. R u trying 2 make me fat;)? Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone f On Oct 8, 2013, at 5:08 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: happy birthday. Woody is lucky to have you by his side. very

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
soon yi previn 
Sent: 
Tuesday, October 8, 2013 10:28 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Did you see the New York Times science section on Bill Gates and his philanthropy? I thought it was all very good. Thx 4 
the cake. R u trying 2 make me fat;)? 
Sent from Soon-Yi's iPhone f 
On Oct 8, 2013, at 5:08 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
happy birthday. 
Woody is lucky to have you by his side. very lucky, 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01445142 
EFTA02404991

