# EFTA00022486 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Laura Menninger
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, April 28, 2021 6:13 PM
- **Subject:** RE: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - meet and confer

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: (USANYS)" < To: ' )" C Subject: FW: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - meet and confer Date: Thu, 29 Apr 2021 00:35:54 +0000 Attachments: 2021-04-30 Gov't Letter to Manley.docx >, 11 MC — I can join you for a call on Manley's letter. I put together the start of a letter (attached) based on your notes in the calendar invite and some other addi

### Match 2
> notes in the calendar invite and some other additions, but of course I imagine this may change based on our convo with counsel. From: Laura Menninger Sent: Wednesday, April 28, 2021 6:13 PM To: ) Bobbi Sternheim 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' Jeff Pagliuca Cc: Mark S. Cohen )4S Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - meet and confer (USANYS) Thanks for reaching out. We probably are best served by sending you our position on defense disclosures by email. We should be able to send that by Friday and can schedule a time to talk thereafter if you wish, with an eye towards the joint filing on

### Match 3
> tomorrow afternoon to discuss if you wish. Thanks, Laura Laura A. Menninger I Partner Haddon. Morgan & Foreman, P.C. From: c › Sent: Tuesday, April 27, 2021 10:22 PM To: Bobbi Sternheim < ; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' Cc: ) ; Laura Menninger < >; Jeff Pagliuca Mark S. Cohen Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - meet and confer Counsel, (USANYS) Per Judge Nathan's Order (docket number 250), is there a time this week when you would be available for a call to meet and confer regarding a proposed schedule for defense disclosure of witness statements pursuant to Rule 26.2? Or if you EF
