# EFTA02505684

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, April 5, 2015 3:02 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: no, i will stay unitl 7 am tomrow wheeels up On Sun, A=r 5, 2015 at 10:50 AM, Eva Dubin =rote: Are you leaving today? What time? Sent from my iPhone please =ote The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, April 5, 2015 3:02 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: no, i will stay unitl 7 am tomrow wheeels up On Sun, A=r 5, 2015 at 10:50 AM, Eva Dubin =rote: Are you leaving today? What time? Sent from my iPhone please =ote The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unautho

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, April 5, 2015 3:02 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
no, i will stay unitl 7 am tomrow wheeels up 
On Sun, A=r 5, 2015 at 10:50 AM, Eva Dubin
 =rote: 
Are you leaving today? 
What time? 
Sent from my iPhone 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
--146d0415547ca04b510512fb7718-- conversation-id 120347 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1428246136 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 494727 
EFTA_R1_01635699 
EFTA02505684

