# EFTA02712898

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" <|
|To|=/b>"Richard Kahn (|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>APPF IPO Coming =125/15|

---

**[WORD]:** ct: Fwd: APPF IPO Coming 6/25/15 Attachments: APPFprospectus.pdt Untitled attachment 00103.htm please confirm that i should indicate for max shares thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 tel Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" < To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( I" < Subject: =/b>APPF IPO Coming =125/15 Date: =/b>June 23, 2015 at 1:07:36 PM =DT Hey Rich, Here is a IPO, pricing =n Thursday and trading on Friday. Let me know if Southern Trust would like to =ndicate. AppFolio, Inc. ("APPF" / NASDAQ) EFTA_R1_02132809 EFT

**[WORD]:** nd trading on Friday. Let me know if Southern Trust would like to =ndicate. AppFolio, Inc. ("APPF" / NASDAQ) EFTA_R1_02132809 EFTA02712898 Base Offer Size: 6,200,000 =hares (100% Primary) Price Range: $12.00 - $14.00 Expected Pricing Date: =hursday, June 25, 2015 (Post-Close) Best Always, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas Financial =dvisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan =omplex 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor New York, =Y 10104 Tel/Direct: <mailto Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or e

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn < 
Sent: 
Tuesday, June 23, 2015 5:10 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: APPF IPO Coming 6/25/15 
Attachments: 
APPFprospectus.pdt Untitled attachment 00103.htm 
please confirm that i should indicate for max shares thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" < 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( 
I" < 
Subject: =/b>APPF IPO Coming =125/15 
Date: =/b>June 23, 2015 at 1:07:36 PM =DT 
Hey Rich, 
Here is a IPO, pricing =n Thursday and trading on Friday. 
Let me know if Southern Trust would like to =ndicate. 
AppFolio, Inc. 
("APPF" / NASDAQ) 
EFTA_R1_02132809 
EFTA02712898

Base Offer Size: 6,200,000 =hares (100% Primary) 
Price Range: $12.00 - $14.00 
Expected Pricing Date: =hursday, June 25, 2015 (Post-Close) 
Best Always, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial =dvisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan =omplex 
1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor New York, =Y 10104 
Tel/Direct: 
<mailto 
Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any =ecurity or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this =-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
=eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, =o the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is subject to terms 
available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If you cannot access 
2 
EFTA_R1_02132810 
EFTA02712899

this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley 
you consent to =he foregoing. 
= 
3 
EFTA_R1_02132811 
EFTA02712900

