# EFTA02644437

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** aders and their close associates. including =ives. it is a narrow audience. according to them=C2 they need some articles that show that they are not the only ones as=ociating with me. . they said my reputation =n finance is both unique and exempalry , but they are asked to=explain why me . given prince andrews nightmare. <=r> in taking their temperatures , my=funding the one science project at harvard is uselss to them. as are=the tv science shows.. they need articles that as you=said put some color on the past salaciousness. and give them =omething to point to in response to critiscism. / =A0

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, July 10, 2017 8:57 AM 
To: 
Matthew Hiltzik 
Subject: 
Re: 
again in europe my target audience as per your =equest. are the leaders and their close associates. including =ives. 
it is a narrow audience. according to them=C2 they need some articles that show that they are not the only ones 
as=ociating with me. . they said my reputation =n finance is both unique and exempalry , but they are asked 
to=explain why me . given prince andrews nightmare. <=r> 
in taking their temperatures , my=funding the one science project at harvard is uselss to them. as are=the tv 
science shows.. 
they need articles that as you=said put some color on the past salaciousness. and give them 
=omething to point to in response to critiscism. / 
=A0 
On =on, Jul 10, 2017 at 6:31 AM, Matthew Hiltzik < 
> wrote: 
Tried you tonite 
Will try again in the morning 
NOTICE OF CONFIDENTIALITY= This email is confidential and may also be privileged. If you are not the=intended 
recipient please delete it and notify us immediately by telephoni=g or e-mailing the sender. You should not copy it or 
use it for any purpose nor disclose its contents to =ny other person. 
On Jul 9, 2017, at 4:49 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com» wrote: 
available on my cell 212 533 3739 <tel:(212)%20533-3739= value=> anytime 
On Sun, Jul 9 2017 at 12:02 AM, Matthew Hiltzik= < 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Sure 
=et's talk before that and set up a meeting 
NOTICE OF CONFIDENTIALITY: This email is confidential and may al=o be privileged. If you are 
not the intended recipient please delete it an= notify us immediately by telephoning or e-mailing the sender. You should 
not copy it or use it for any purpose =or disclose its contents to any other person. 
On Jul 8, 2017, at 3:56 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> 
> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01880197 
EFTA02644437

I will be in new york wed and thurs if easier to mee= and lawyers are around 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
2 
EFTA_R1_01880198 
EFTA02644438

disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--94eb2c0ddf1a9302150553f2c248-- conversation-id 38947 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1499676995 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 728814 
3 
EFTA_R1_01880199 
EFTA02644439

