# EFTA02387758

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, foundation, mit, media lab

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|To|Boris Nikolic|
|Sent|Monday, October 23, 2017 8:20 PM|
|Subject|Fwd: intro Joi <> Greg|

---

**[FULL]:** ili Chen Subject: intro Joi <> Greg Date: October 23, 2017 at 2:41:12 PM PDT To: Joi Cc: Greg Martinez Hi Joi, My good pal Greg Martinez is coming out to MIT Nov 6-10. 2 EFTA_R1_01409671 EFTA02387759 Possible for you or someone from the Media Lab to show him some cool stuff? He works for Bill Gates @ BGC3 (bill gates company #3) This is where Bill does his investments, projects, and work that crosses his work for MSFT + the foundation. Anyway, would be great for Media Lab to connect to some of the cool things with Bill. Greg is also awesome & thanks! L please note The information conta

**[FULL]:** intro Joi <> Greg Date: October 23, 2017 at 2:41:12 PM PDT To: Joi Cc: Greg Martinez Hi Joi, My good pal Greg Martinez is coming out to MIT Nov 6-10. 2 EFTA_R1_01409671 EFTA02387759 Possible for you or someone from the Media Lab to show him some cool stuff? He works for Bill Gates @ BGC3 (bill gates company #3) This is where Bill does his investments, projects, and work that crosses his work for MSFT + the foundation. Anyway, would be great for Media Lab to connect to some of the cool things with Bill. Greg is also awesome & thanks! L please note The information contained in this commun

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 25, 2017 1:30 AM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
FW: intro Joi < > Greg 
Please send me always emails to biomatics email. 
I am not checking Hotmail as often as all of my email is going to biomatics. 
If you send it to Hotmail it can go for days without me noticing 
Re Greg — he is relatively a new hire. I do not know him. Larry hired him from his friend's consulting company 
https://intentionalfutures.com/ . 
Larry has been getting them a lot of work through bgc3. 
That guy Greg worked before on some demo days for Bill. 
Although he does not have any executive (or funding) power, he can present to Bill interesting projects at Media Lab and 
suggest that Bill visits Media Lab some time in future. This is all value there. 
B 
From: Boris Nikolic 
Sent: Tuesday, October 24, 2017 11:07 AM 
To: Boris Nikolit 
Subject: Fw: intro Joi <> Greg 
1 
EFTA_R1_01409670 
EFTA02387758

From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Sent: Monday, October 23, 2017 8:20 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Fwd: intro Joi <> Greg 
 
Forwarded message 
From: Joichi Ito 
Date: Mon, Oct 23, 2017 at 5:46 PM 
Subject: Fwd: intro Joi <> Greg 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Do you know him? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Lili Chen 
Subject: intro Joi <> Greg 
Date: October 23, 2017 at 2:41:12 PM PDT 
To: Joi 
Cc: Greg Martinez 
Hi Joi, 
My good pal Greg Martinez is coming out to MIT Nov 6-10. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01409671 
EFTA02387759

Possible for you or someone from the Media Lab to show him some cool stuff? 
He works for Bill Gates @ BGC3 (bill gates company #3) 
This is where Bill does his investments, projects, and work that crosses his work for MSFT + the foundation. 
Anyway, would be great for Media Lab to connect to some of the cool things with Bill. 
Greg is also awesome 
& thanks! 
L 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01409672 
EFTA02387760

