# EFTA02575442

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Landon Thomas Jr.|
|Sent|Saturday, Septem=er 28, 2013 11:24 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** jeevacation@gmail.com Subject: Re: Sure. = = Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. = From: <mailto From: Jeffrey Epstein Sent: Saturday, Septem=er 28, 2013 11:24 AM To: Landon Thomas Jr. R=ply To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: I have a bunch of reporters , hounding me to do interviews=with Bill gates , etc on why they choose to ask my advice. I don&=39;t trust any , and am not sure if staying quiet is a bett=r alternative views? =br>The information contained in this communication is confidential, may=be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and i= intended only fo

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Landon Thomas < 
Sent: 
Saturday, September 28, 2013 3:56 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Re: 
Sure. 
= = 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
= 
From: <mailto 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: Saturday, Septem=er 28, 2013 11:24 AM 
To: Landon Thomas Jr. 
R=ply To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
I have a bunch of reporters , hounding me to do interviews=with Bill gates , etc on why they choose to ask my advice. I 
don&=39;t trust any , and am not sure if staying quiet is a bett=r alternative views? 
 
=br>The information contained in this 
communication is confidential, may=be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and i= intended 
only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is communication 
in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or=by e-mail to je=vacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, including all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved 
*in,* ******* ** ******** *4.= 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01746779 
EFTA02575442

