# EFTA02645214

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: philanthrop

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, July 9, 2017 9:10 AM To: Bill Gates If there were a large group ( to blunt and bad pr risk )=C2 of philanthropists. that were orgazanized to decide a sh=dow governmental grants structure. . as govt has cut bac= Im told you dont believe people want a place to give. =C2 why not test the hypothesis. . I hope =t is ok for you to answe

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, July 9, 2017 9:10 AM 
To: 
Bill Gates 
If there were a large group ( to blunt and bad pr risk )=C2 of philanthropists. that were orgazanized to decide a sh=dow 
governmental grants structure. . as govt has cut bac= Im told you dont believe people want a place to give. =C2 why 
not test the hypothesis. . I hope =t is ok for you to answer emails. I have been wary for a long time.=C2 but I consider 
you a friend. 
please note 
The=information contained in this communication is confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is inten=ed only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE U=authorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part=thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
receive= this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return=e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and al= copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reser=ed 
--94eb2c11f0be3703670553ded6e6-- conversation-id 38961 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1499591425 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 728481 
EFTA_R1_01881385 
EFTA02645214

