# EFTA02515876

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=»|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject|<no subject>|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, November 7, 2014 12:05 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: what number can i call you on? On Thu, Nov 6, 2014 at 5:45 PM, Jea= Luc Brunel wrote: Just saw your email From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Thursday, November 6 2014 at=5:15 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: <no subject> I would like to speak with you toda

**[FULL]:** @gmail.com> Sent: Friday, November 7, 2014 12:05 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: what number can i call you on? On Thu, Nov 6, 2014 at 5:45 PM, Jea= Luc Brunel wrote: Just saw your email From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Thursday, November 6 2014 at=5:15 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: <no subject> I would like to speak with you today please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorize

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, November 7, 2014 12:05 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: what number can i call you on? On Thu, Nov 6, 2014 at 5:45 PM, Jea= Luc Brunel wrote: Just saw your email From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Thursday, November 6 2014 at=5:15 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: <no subject> I would like to speak with you today please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, November 7, 2014 12:05 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
what number can i call you on? 
On Thu, Nov 6, 2014 at 5:45 PM, Jea= Luc Brunel 
wrote: 
Just saw your email 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» 
Date: Thursday, November 6 2014 at=5:15 PM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: <no subject> 
I would like to speak with you today 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01650352 
EFTA02515876

