# EFTA00037980 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** USM78-Ghislaine Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To:' Subject: Fwd: USM78-Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 21:46:44 +0000 Importance: Normal Attachments: usm78-maxwell.pdf From: Date: Jul 2, 2020 10:06 AM Subject: USM78-Ghislaine Maxwell To: Cc: Form has been submitted to USMS. Attaching in email to you as well in the event they don't receive it. Please consider conservin

### Match 2
> From: To:' Subject: Fwd: USM78-Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 21:46:44 +0000 Importance: Normal Attachments: usm78-maxwell.pdf From: Date: Jul 2, 2020 10:06 AM Subject: USM78-Ghislaine Maxwell To: Cc: Form has been submitted to USMS. Attaching in email to you as well in the event they don't receive it. Please consider conserving our natural resources before printing this e-mail and/or any attachments. This electronic message and any attachments may contain information that is confide

### Match 3
> From: To:' Subject: Fwd: USM78-Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 21:46:44 +0000 Importance: Normal Attachments: usm78-maxwell.pdf From: Date: Jul 2, 2020 10:06 AM Subject: USM78-Ghislaine Maxwell To: Cc: Form has been submitted to USMS. Attaching in email to you as well in the event they don't receive it. Please consider c

### Match 4
> From: To:' Subject: Fwd: USM78-Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 21:46:44 +0000 Importance: Normal Attachments: usm78-maxwell.pdf From: Date: Jul 2, 2020 10:06 AM Subject: USM78-Ghislaine Maxwell To: Cc: Form has been submitted to USMS. Attaching in email to you as well in the event they don't receive it. Please consider conserving our natural resources before printing this e-mail and/or any attachments. This electronic message and any attachments may contain information that is
