# EFTA00021861 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 66

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> istrict Court Southern District of New York 500 Pearl Street New York, NY 10007 Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.0 Ty Gee 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 ni 303.831.7364 rx 303.832.2628 www.hmtlaw.com tgeefghmflaw.com Re: Reconsideration of the Court's July 23 Ruling Giuffre v. Ghislaine Maxwell, No. 15 Civ. 7433 (LAP) Dear Judge Preska: As counsel for Ms. Maxwell we write to request that the Court vindicate its Protective Order and punish its violation. Ms. Maxwell's two deposition transcripts were designated "Confidential" and subject to the protection of the Protective Order. Both t

### Match 2
> istrict Court Southern District of New York 500 Pearl Street New York, NY 10007 Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.0 Ty Gee 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 ni 303.831.7364 rx 303.832.2628 www.hmtlaw.com tgeefghmflaw.com Re: Reconsideration of the Court's July 23 Ruling Giuffre v. Ghislaine Maxwell, No. 15 Civ. 7433 (LAP) Dear Judge Preska: As counsel for Ms. Maxwell we write to request that the Court vindicate its Protective Order and punish its violation. Ms. Maxwell's two deposition transcripts were designated "Confidential" and subject to the protection of the Protective Order

### Match 3
> 0007 Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.0 Ty Gee 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 ni 303.831.7364 rx 303.832.2628 www.hmtlaw.com tgeefghmflaw.com Re: Reconsideration of the Court's July 23 Ruling Giuffre v. Ghislaine Maxwell, No. 15 Civ. 7433 (LAP) Dear Judge Preska: As counsel for Ms. Maxwell we write to request that the Court vindicate its Protective Order and punish its violation. Ms. Maxwell's two deposition transcripts were designated "Confidential" and subject to the protection of the Protective Order. Both transcripts ended up in the hands of the government, which used them to

### Match 4
> 364 rx 303.832.2628 www.hmtlaw.com tgeefghmflaw.com Re: Reconsideration of the Court's July 23 Ruling Giuffre v. Ghislaine Maxwell, No. 15 Civ. 7433 (LAP) Dear Judge Preska: As counsel for Ms. Maxwell we write to request that the Court vindicate its Protective Order and punish its violation. Ms. Maxwell's two deposition transcripts were designated "Confidential" and subject to the protection of the Protective Order. Both transcripts ended up in the hands of the government, which used them to bring an indictment against Ms. Maxwell, charging her with, among other things, perjury in her depositio

### Match 5
> Court vindicate its Protective Order and punish its violation. Ms. Maxwell's two deposition transcripts were designated "Confidential" and subject to the protection of the Protective Order. Both transcripts ended up in the hands of the government, which used them to bring an indictment against Ms. Maxwell, charging her with, among other things, perjury in her deposition testimony. This is a serious violation of the Protective Order, and merits the commencement of contempt proceedings. We also write to seek reconsideration of the Court's July 23, 2020 ruling concluding that the transcripts of Ms.

### Match 6
> ell, charging her with, among other things, perjury in her deposition testimony. This is a serious violation of the Protective Order, and merits the commencement of contempt proceedings. We also write to seek reconsideration of the Court's July 23, 2020 ruling concluding that the transcripts of Ms. Maxwell's April 2016 deposition and Doe 1's deposition should be unsealed in their entirety (with the exception of non-party names). We recognize that a reconsideration motion is an extraordinary request, but we suggest it is appropriate under the circumstances. There are new facts since Ms. Maxwell lod

### Match 7
> of Ms. Maxwell's April 2016 deposition and Doe 1's deposition should be unsealed in their entirety (with the exception of non-party names). We recognize that a reconsideration motion is an extraordinary request, but we suggest it is appropriate under the circumstances. There are new facts since Ms. Maxwell lodged her objections to the unsealing of the transcript of her deposition, and there is a need to correct clear error or prevent manifest injustice relating to the unsealing of the transcript. We respectfully request that the Court keep sealed Ms. Maxwell's and Doe l's deposition transcripts a

### Match 8
> rcumstances. There are new facts since Ms. Maxwell lodged her objections to the unsealing of the transcript of her deposition, and there is a need to correct clear error or prevent manifest injustice relating to the unsealing of the transcript. We respectfully request that the Court keep sealed Ms. Maxwell's and Doe l's deposition transcripts and any sealed or redacted order or paper that quotes from or discloses information from the transcripts ("deposition material"). We do not seek unnecessary delay; however, if the Court denies our request for reconsideration, we do wish to seek relief from th

### Match 9
> , 54 (2d. Cir. 2019) (recognizing likelihood of future appeals in this matter). 1. There are new, intervening and significant facts since briefing closed on the first round of review of sealed materials. After many months of relentless negative media coverage of Mr. Epstein and allegations that Ms. Maxwell was involved in his criminal activities, the government secured an indictment against her. On July 2, one day after Ms. Maxwell filed her reply in support of her objection to unsealing documents containing references to Does 1 and 2, the government staged a dramatic, forced entry at dawn into he

### Match 10
> acts since briefing closed on the first round of review of sealed materials. After many months of relentless negative media coverage of Mr. Epstein and allegations that Ms. Maxwell was involved in his criminal activities, the government secured an indictment against her. On July 2, one day after Ms. Maxwell filed her reply in support of her objection to unsealing documents containing references to Does 1 and 2, the government staged a dramatic, forced entry at dawn into her home and arrested her. EXHIBIT A, at 3. Immediately after Ms. Maxwell's arrest, Acting U.S. Attorney Audrey Strauss held a pr
