# EFTA02439159

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Google Alerts e|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Google Alert - "Jeffrey epstein"|

---

**[FULL]:** June 19 2009 3:50: I2 PM EDT To: Subject: Google Alert - "Jeffrey epstein" Google Blogs Alert for: "jeffrey epstein" EXCLUSIVE: Jeffrey Epstein To Be Released From Prison Early ... By Jimmy Jeffrey Epstein, the Florida money manager who once roamed in the same social circle as Bill Clinton. Prince Andrew and other high profile figures. is going to be released from prison early, a source tells RadarOnline.com. RadarOnline.com - http://www.radaronline.com/ This as-it-happens Google Alert is brought to you by Google. Remove this alert. Create another alert. Manacle your alerts. EFTA_R1_01512805

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Story Cowles 
Sent: 
Sat 6/20/2009 12:43:08 AM 
Subject: Fwd: Google Alert - "Jeffrey epstein" 
Sent from Story's iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Google Alerts e
> 
Date: June 19 2009 3:50: I2 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: Google Alert - "Jeffrey epstein" 
Google Blogs Alert for: "jeffrey epstein" 
EXCLUSIVE: Jeffrey Epstein To Be Released From Prison Early ... 
By Jimmy 
Jeffrey Epstein, the Florida money manager who once roamed in the same social circle as Bill 
Clinton. Prince Andrew and other high profile figures. is going to be released from prison early, a 
source tells RadarOnline.com. 
RadarOnline.com - http://www.radaronline.com/ 
This as-it-happens Google Alert is brought to you by Google. 
Remove this alert. 
Create another alert. 
Manacle your alerts. 
EFTA_R1_01512805 
EFTA02439159

