# EFTA02555778

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Feierstein Kimberly <1|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, May 29, 2012 11:20 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fw: (Jeffrey's office) Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Feierstein Kimberly <1 Date: Tue 29 Ma 2012 23:03:10 To: Subject (jeffrey's office) May 21st =A0 =:38pm (NY time) I emailed Sar

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Tuesday, May 29, 2012 11:20 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fw: 
(Jeffrey's office) 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Feierstein Kimberly <1 
Date: Tue 29 Ma 2012 23:03:10 
To: 
Subject 
(jeffrey's office) 
May 21st 
=A0 
=:38pm (NY time) I emailed Sarah to see if she could talk about janusz/ofle=a 
=A0 
=he called me about an hour later, but I was on with you so I told her I wo=ld email he in a bit when I could talk 
=A0 
= emailed at 6:20pm NY time (she was in Paris) and asked if we could talk t=e next morning as it was late for her. She 
responded that she could. 
=A0 
=A0 
=ay 22nd 
=A0 
= emailed at 8:12am (NY time) that I could talk, but I received no response=0A=A0 =ater that morning I spoke with 
in the meantime and got a little inf= on janusz/oflelia 
=A0 
=t 11:51am I emailedMagain saying I had spoken tc= 
but that I =till had some questions for her as she is 
apparently the one that worked w=th Janusz the most. 
=A0 
=ater that afternoon I called 
to see if 
was maybe not reachabl= and that was why she was not calling me, 
but 
said she thought she =as reachable (perhaps in Monaco) and that she would email her as well to a=k her to 
call me. 
=A0 
= did not hear from her 
=A0 
=A0 
=ay 23rd 
=A0 
= emailed at 1:S0pm (NY time) to see if she could talk, but again got no re=ponse 
=A0 
=A0 
=ay 29th 
=A0 
called me and answered all of the questions about janusz/ofleia 
=A0 
=A0 
EFTA_R1_01714000 
EFTA02555778

=A0 
=This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It =ay contain confidential information. If you 
are not the intended recipient=you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of=this e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have rece=ved this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender 
by replying=to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your syst=m. Thank you. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>220994</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1338333619</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195969</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>226194</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01714001 
EFTA02555779

