# EFTA00020487 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 6

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> 03 PM Eastern Time, date of birth telephone number= email address addres Maitland, FL 32751, Internet Protocol (IP) address which resolves to Orlando, FL, submitted an online tip to the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) via tips.fbi.gov, to report potential information regarding Ghislaine Maxwell and her alleged attempt to recruit her while a minor. Date Submitted: 08/17/2020 03:03:27 PM ET Transaction Number: 4266F212-4510-4FDC-A1D3-4A0606A83724 Threat To Life: Submitted Text: I made a podcast of my story two weeks ago as I've not known what else to do with my encounter to support he

### Match 2
> else to do with my encounter to support her tactics and MO. She tried to get me to call her about modeling opportunities after coming into the gym to speak with me personally cater she saw me in the window of the gym Violation: Other Violation Questions What was the exact crime that occurred?: Ghislaine Maxwell tried to recruit me when I was a child/minor UNCLASSIFIED EFTA00020487 UNCLASSIFIED Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/18/2020 When did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide an approximate date and time): 1993? I was 14/15 years old working at a GYM daycare in Jupiter FL Where did the crime/incident

### Match 3
> 03 PM Eastern Time, date of birth telephone number= email address addres Maitland, FL 32751, Internet Protocol (IP) address which resolves to Orlando, FL, submitted an online tip to the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) via tips.fbi.gov, to report potential information regarding Ghislaine Maxwell and her alleged attempt to recruit her while a minor. Date Submitted: 08/17/2020 03:03:27 PM ET Transaction Number: 4266F212-4510-4FDC-A1D3-4A0606A83724 Threat To Life: Submitted Text: I made a podcast of my story two weeks ago as I've not known what else to do with my encounter to su

### Match 4
> else to do with my encounter to support her tactics and MO. She tried to get me to call her about modeling opportunities after coming into the gym to speak with me personally cater she saw me in the window of the gym Violation: Other Violation Questions What was the exact crime that occurred?: Ghislaine Maxwell tried to recruit me when I was a child/minor UNCLASSIFIED EFTA00020487 UNCLASSIFIED Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/18/2020 When did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide an approximate date and time): 1993? I was 14/15 years old working at a GYM daycare in Jupiter FL Where did the crime/

### Match 5
> t a GYM daycare in Jupiter FL Complainant Information First Name: Middle Name: Last Name: Age: DOB: Additional Info: Type: Cell Phone: Extension: NA Account: Type: Residential Address: City: Maitland State: Florida Zip: 32751 Country: United States Subject Information First Name: Ghislaine UNCLASSIFIED 2 EFTA00020488 UNCLASSIFIED Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/18/2020 Middle Name: Last Name: Maxwell Age: 31 DOB: Additional Info: My podcast has additional information Happy to provide once someone reaches out to me. How is Contact Known: She approached me for modeling opportunities

### Match 6
> onal Info: Type: Cell Phone: Extension: NA Account: Type: Residential Address: City: Maitland State: Florida Zip: 32751 Country: United States Subject Information First Name: Ghislaine UNCLASSIFIED 2 EFTA00020488 UNCLASSIFIED Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/18/2020 Middle Name: Last Name: Maxwell Age: 31 DOB: Additional Info: My podcast has additional information Happy to provide once someone reaches out to me. How is Contact Known: She approached me for modeling opportunities from the gym I was working at in Jupiter florida when I was 14 years old. She gave me her card but I never c
