# EFTA02511624

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL, WORD, ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** =div class="gmail_extra"> On Sun, Feb=1, 2015 at 3:36 PM, Michael Wolff &=t; wrote: Here&#=9;s what I have on this point now re Gates Foundation. Add whatever you ca= to it, and I'll try again. It's an important enough point, on rec=nsideration, that it doesn't have to be that simple. "It is Bill Gates who at the end of the summer began prodding Epstein to begin a process of public rehabilitati=n. Epstein has been advising Gates on a new way to increase the clout of the G=tes Foundation by adding a constallation of other chartiable funds that would b= bundled with the Gates operation." EFTA_R1

**[ORG]:** reverse engineer the br=in, 4 mysteries of sleep. 66th st studio 54 days,= i already lived in the penthouse. luxury was not recent= can you send me the latest draft =div class="gmail_extra"> On Sun, Feb=1, 2015 at 3:36 PM, Michael Wolff &=t; wrote: Here&#=9;s what I have on this point now re Gates Foundation. Add whatever you ca= to it, and I'll try again. It's an important enough point, on rec=nsideration, that it doesn't have to be that simple. "It is Bill Gates who at the end of the summer began prodding Epstein to begin a process of public rehabilitati=n. Epstein has been advising Gates on

**[WORD]:** tes Foundation. Add whatever you ca= to it, and I'll try again. It's an important enough point, on rec=nsideration, that it doesn't have to be that simple. "It is Bill Gates who at the end of the summer began prodding Epstein to begin a process of public rehabilitati=n. Epstein has been advising Gates on a new way to increase the clout of the G=tes Foundation by adding a constallation of other chartiable funds that would b= bundled with the Gates operation." EFTA_R1_01644054 EFTA02511624 please note The in=ormation contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorn=y-client pri

**[WORD]:** simple. "It is Bill Gates who at the end of the summer began prodding Epstein to begin a process of public rehabilitati=n. Epstein has been advising Gates on a new way to increase the clout of the G=tes Foundation by adding a constallation of other chartiable funds that would b= bundled with the Gates operation." EFTA_R1_01644054 EFTA02511624 please note The in=ormation contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorn=y-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended=only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unau=horized use, disclo

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, February 1, 2015 11:28 PM 
To: 
Michael Wolff 
Subject: 
Re: take a look at this graph... 
will do 
On Sun, Feb 1, 2015 at 6:26 PM, Michael Wolff 
wrote: 
A donor advised fund is too technical, unless you can=unwrap that. Is my description off or in the vicinity? 
On Sun, Feb 1, 2015 at 5:=9 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com» wrote: 
by adding a dono= advised fund. 
where the foundations expertise cou=d be used by others that would like to 
partner with gates. 
science funding for . 1 decoding biological signals. 2. sy=thetic general intelligence 3. music as a means to 
reverse engineer the br=in, 4 mysteries of sleep. 
66th st studio 54 days,= i already lived in the penthouse. luxury was not recent= 
can you send me the latest draft 
=div class="gmail_extra"> 
On Sun, Feb=1, 2015 at 3:36 PM, Michael Wolff 
&=t; wrote: 
Here&#=9;s what I have on this point now re Gates Foundation. Add whatever you ca= to it, and I'll try 
again. It's an important enough point, on rec=nsideration, that it doesn't have to be that simple. 
"It is Bill Gates who at the end of the summer began prodding Epstein to begin a process of public 
rehabilitati=n. Epstein has been advising Gates on a new way to increase the clout of the G=tes Foundation by adding a 
constallation of other chartiable funds that would b= bundled with the Gates operation." 
EFTA_R1_01644054 
EFTA02511624

please note 
The in=ormation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorn=y-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended=only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-=ail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all c=pies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved=br> 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediatrly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01644055 
EFTA02511625

