# EFTA02509430

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Anna P=dkovyrova|
|To|"Hosain Rahman " <|
|Sent||
|Subject|Fwd: Mort: =xchange Offer|

---

**[WORD]:** om <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Subject: Fwd: Mort: =xchange Offer FYI Begin forward=d message: From: Anna P=dkovyrova <mailto Date: February 16, 2015 at 1:50:37 P= MST To: "Hosain Rahman " < <mailto <mailto Cc: Will Hawthorne < <mailto Subj=ct: Mort: Exchange Offer > > > > > > », Andrew Lindsa= EFTA_R1_01640735 EFTA02509430 <=span> Andrew,=C2 aspan> Wanted =o clearly lay out the exchange offer as it pertains to Mort. <=span> Exch=nge offer For eac= new share of Series 6 preferred purchased, Mort gets to take a share of c=mmon stock and convert it to 3.5 shares of Series

**[WORD]:** change Offer FYI Begin forward=d message: From: Anna P=dkovyrova <mailto Date: February 16, 2015 at 1:50:37 P= MST To: "Hosain Rahman " < <mailto <mailto Cc: Will Hawthorne < <mailto Subj=ct: Mort: Exchange Offer > > > > > > », Andrew Lindsa= EFTA_R1_01640735 EFTA02509430 <=span> Andrew,=C2 aspan> Wanted =o clearly lay out the exchange offer as it pertains to Mort. <=span> Exch=nge offer For eac= new share of Series 6 preferred purchased, Mort gets to take a share of c=mmon stock and convert it to 3.5 shares of Series 6 preferred. As you =now Series 6 has a lx liquidation p

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, February 19, 2015 5:35 PM 
To: 
Hosain Rahman 
Subject: 
Re: Mort: Exchange Offer 
my guys are supposed to have a call with your poeple today=C2 thanks 
On Thu, Feb 19, 2015 at 11:49 AM, Hosain Rahman <= 
<mailto 
wrote: 
> > 
Hi - see below the offer is to convert your common into higher price= preferred at a 3.5X ratio. Gives you a really 
nice guaranteed returned on=the old shares. 
We are closing this out soon, so =anted to make sure you had the opportunity to participate. Let me know if =ou 
have any questions. 
Begin forwarded mes=age: 
From: Hosain Rahma= <hrahman@jawb=ne.com <mailto 
Date: February 16, 2015 at 2:00:38 PM MST 
T=: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Subject: Fwd: Mort: =xchange Offer 
FYI 
Begin forward=d message: 
From: Anna P=dkovyrova 
<mailto 
Date: February 16, 2015 at 1:50:37 P= MST 
To: "Hosain Rahman " < 
<mailto 
<mailto 
Cc: Will Hawthorne < 
<mailto 
Subj=ct: Mort: Exchange Offer 
> > 
> > 
> > 
», Andrew Lindsa= 
EFTA_R1_01640735 
EFTA02509430

<=span> 
Andrew,=C2 
aspan> 
Wanted =o clearly lay out the exchange offer as it pertains to Mort. 
<=span> 
Exch=nge offer 
For eac= new share of Series 6 preferred purchased, Mort gets to take a share of c=mmon stock and 
convert it to 3.5 shares of Series 6 preferred. 
As you =now Series 6 has a lx liquidation preference and is senior to all other ro=nds, so this offer 
allows the common to move up in the stack to be the mos= senior equity and gives them a liquidation price of $39.44 a 
share ($11.26 x 3.5). 
It is a= amazing offer for shareholders that own common. 
aspan> 
See =elow — if they invest $14mm now they end up with $64mm (5.7mm shar=s x $11.26) of Series 6 
Liquidation Preference: 
Please visit http://www.codeadvisors.com/disclaimer.html for important d=sclaimer information 
regarding this communication. 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
2 
EFTA_R1_01640736 
EFTA02509431

jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01640737 
EFTA02509432

