# EFTA02439098

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: queen

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Sultan Bin Sulayem|
|To|Sarah Leckie|
|Sent|Wed Oct 21 01:21:15 2009|
|Subject|Fw:|

---

**[WORD]:** Dubai's fmancial woes means painful changes can't be resisted for long. If the easy credit of the past decade allowed officials like Mr. Sulayem to build Dubai World into a truly international company. the next 10 ears will sec banks demanding greater transparency in return for capital.Write to Andrew Critchlow at EFTA_R1_01512739 EFTA02439098 ************* *************** **************** DISCLAIMER ********* ii,,,A**** This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and contain privileged or copyright information. If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy, di

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeprojectekahoo.compeeproject©yahoo.com] 
From: 
Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Sent 
Tue 10/20/2009 10:58:48 PM 
Subject: Fw: 
Title: Fw: 
— Original Message — 
From: David Jackson - Istithmar 
To: Sultan Bin Sulayem; Sarah Leckie 
Sent: Wed Oct 21 02:57:18 2009 
Subject: Re: 
Agreed Sultan. I think going on the offensive on this and other matters will help. I think Sarah was trying to seek your 
clearance for me to do some press, including CNBC to get our side of the story. Are you OK with this approach? 
Sent Remotely Using BlacicBcrry 
— Original Message —
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
To: David Jackson - Istithmar. Sarah Leckie 
Sent: Wed Oct 21 02:45:43 2009 
Subject: Fw: 
Dear david 
I know who is behind this article it Nelson Peltz I refused to accept his offer for bamcys 1 think you should talk to sarah on 
how we can expose nelson maybe through Bloomberg or something we need to think about this but now nelson is hitting 
below the belt as you know nelson was behind all the bameys articles and he met Shaikh mohammed twice about bameys 
and sheikh mohammed asked him to meet me 
Original Message —
From: Sultan Bin Sulayem 
To: Sarah Leckie 
Sent: Wed Oct 21 01:21:15 2009 
Dubai Inc. Needs Change at the Top• By ANDREW CRITCHLOW Faced with a continuing financial crisis of savage 
proportions. Dubai risks retreating into its past rather than facing up to its new reality. The Gulfemirate needs to radically 
overhaul its state-controlled companies if it is to overcome its S80 billion mountain of debt. Yet rather than seize the 
opportunity to introduce international standards of governance and transparency, the people whose poor judgment led 
Dubai to the brink have kept their jobs. For western lenders with billions of dollars still at stake, that is troubling.Take 
Dubai World, the conglomerate that has just been radically restructured after running up almost S60 billion of liabilities on 
an ill-judged acquisition spree. Its deals included buying struggling Madison Avenue retailer Bameys for $800 million, 
investing in an $8.8 billion Las Vegas casino development and paying $100 million for the Queen Elizabeth II liner, which 
has since spent most of its time languishing in a Dubai dry dock.Dubai World has now cut its work force by 15% in an 
elk( to save $800 million over the next three years. Surprisingly, its senior managers remain in place. including Sultan 
bin Sulayem, the chairman who masterminded the expansion. That has disappointed bankers who fear that, unless senior 
managers arc held more accountable, the mistakes of the past will be repeated.13ut holding senior Emirati officials like Mr. 
Sulayetn responsible for their decisions will be tricky. The Sulayem family's ties to Dubai's ruling Maktoums tun deep. Mr. 
Sulayem's father was a key adviser to the family. The same is true of many other of the emirate's business leaders whose 
reputations have been damaged by the crisis.Westem lenders would rather see experienced and suitably qualified 
executives running Dubai's companies with proper accountability to an independent board and creditors. Yet Dubai's ruler, 
Sheik Mohammad bin Rashid Al Maktoutn, appears to be heading in the opposite direction, possibly handing more power 
to his sons after being let down by some of his key lieutenants. This could mean a bigger role in Dubai's corporate affairs 
for the popular but inexperienced 26-year-old Crown Prince Ilamdan.Long term, this looks unsustainable. The scale of 
Dubai's fmancial woes means painful changes can't be resisted for long. If the easy credit of the past decade allowed 
officials like Mr. Sulayem to build Dubai World into a truly international company. the next 10 ears will sec banks 
demanding greater transparency in return for capital.Write to Andrew Critchlow at 
EFTA_R1_01512739 
EFTA02439098

************* *************** **************** DISCLAIMER 
********* ii,,,A**** 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and contain 
privileged or copyright 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you must not copy, distribute 
or use this email 
or the information contained in it for any purpose other than to notify us of the 
receipt thereof. 
If you have received this message in error, please notify the sender immediately, 
and delete this 
email from your system. 
Please note that e-mails are susceptible to change.The sender shall not be liable 
for the improper 
or incomplete transmission of the information contained in this communication, nor 
for any delay in 
its receipt or damage to your system.The sender does not guarantee that this 
material is free from 
viruses or any other defects although due care has been taken to minimise the 
risk. 
dr*ItIr*tt************************************ 
****** 
*ItIr*tt************************** 
EFTA_R1_01512740 
EFTA02439099

