# EFTA02480979

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: To: Subject: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Tue 10, 2015 11:40 PM Re: it shouldnt On Wed, Nov 11, 2015 at 12:39 AM, Eva Dubin <mailto Does it matter that this girl that I am asking is a ve=y good friend of Ghislaine's...? > wrote: Sent from my iPhone =br>On Nov 10, 2015, at 2:42 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacati=n@gmail.com> wrote: household help? =C2 please note The information contained i

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Tue
 10, 2015 11:40 PM 
Re: 
it shouldnt 
On Wed, Nov 11, 2015 at 12:39 AM, Eva Dubin 
<mailto 
Does it matter that this girl that I am asking is a ve=y good friend of Ghislaine's...? 
>  wrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
=br>On Nov 10, 2015, at 2:42 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacati=n@gmail.com> wrote: 
household help? 
=C2 
please note 
The information contained in t=is communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, ma= 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of =he addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure=or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohib=ted 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in =rror, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.c=m, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
includ=ng all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_01597170 
EFTA02480979

communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.comq=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01597171 
EFTA02480980

