# EFTA02422089

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Mukamal, Thomas|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent|Tue Sep 28 15:30:35 2010|
|Subject|Letter to Ed Thomas|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey EpsteinDeevacation@gmail.com] Fran: Cecile de Jongh Sent Tue 10/19/2010 10:41:02 AM Subject Re: Letter to Ed Thomas John never got this. Andrew did not cc him as I thought was the plan. I sent this to John. Warm regards, Cecile Sent from my iPhone On Oct 19, 2010, at 5:34 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: Forwarded message From: Farkas, Andrew L. Date: Tue, Sep 28, 2010 at Subject: Fw: Letter to Ed Thomas To: "j

**[WORD]:** /2010 10:41:02 AM Subject Re: Letter to Ed Thomas John never got this. Andrew did not cc him as I thought was the plan. I sent this to John. Warm regards, Cecile Sent from my iPhone On Oct 19, 2010, at 5:34 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: Forwarded message From: Farkas, Andrew L. Date: Tue, Sep 28, 2010 at Subject: Fw: Letter to Ed Thomas To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" leevacationqgmail.com> As promised. From: Mukamal, Thomas To: Farkas, Andrew L Cc: Garrison, Frank; Toth, Eric Sent: Tue Sep 28 15:30:35 2010 Subject: Letter to Ed Thomas The information contained in

**[WORD]:** rom my iPhone On Oct 19, 2010, at 5:34 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: Forwarded message From: Farkas, Andrew L. Date: Tue, Sep 28, 2010 at Subject: Fw: Letter to Ed Thomas To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" leevacationqgmail.com> As promised. From: Mukamal, Thomas To: Farkas, Andrew L Cc: Garrison, Frank; Toth, Eric Sent: Tue Sep 28 15:30:35 2010 Subject: Letter to Ed Thomas The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the pr

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey EpsteinDeevacation@gmail.com] 
Fran: 
Cecile de Jongh 
Sent 
Tue 10/19/2010 10:41:02 AM 
Subject Re: Letter to Ed Thomas 
John never got this. Andrew did not cc him as I thought was the plan. I sent this to John. 
Warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 19, 2010, at 5:34 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
 
Forwarded message 
From: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Date: Tue, Sep 28, 2010 at 
Subject: Fw: Letter to Ed Thomas 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" leevacationqgmail.com>
As promised. 
From: Mukamal, Thomas 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Cc: Garrison, Frank; Toth, Eric 
Sent: Tue Sep 28 15:30:35 2010 
Subject: Letter to Ed Thomas 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA_R1_0 1488635 
EFTA02422089

destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
<WICO Letter (9_29_10).pdf> 
EFTA_R1_0 1488636 
EFTA02422090

