# EFTA00037706 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> h GHISILAINE. Mark — please kindly jump in if you understand any of this to be incorrect of have info to add. 1. of NYO informed me of a social media post generally detailing the concept that GHISILAINE's sister, formed an LLC with SCOTT BORGERSON. The social media post deatiled the fact that GHISLAINE lived with BORGERSON until 2019. The social media post also detailed an LLC named "ANGARA, LLC". 2. of NYO also informed me of a significant amount of money (I believe approximately 20 million dollars) was sent from an account known to be associated with GHISLAINE to an entity called "ANGARA",

### Match 2
> a post deatiled the fact that GHISLAINE lived with BORGERSON until 2019. The social media post also detailed an LLC named "ANGARA, LLC". 2. of NYO also informed me of a significant amount of money (I believe approximately 20 million dollars) was sent from an account known to be associated with GHISLAINE to an entity called "ANGARA", potentailly ANGARA TRUST. 3. Open source records viewed re ardin Bradford NH indicated the owner to be GRANITE REALTY LLC of Boston, MA 4. Upon further inspection it was found that the Massachusetts division of cor orations records for ANGARA, LLC are associated

### Match 3
> associated with an entity located at Boston MA and an individual named ADAM GHANDER. The entity was also associated with NUTTER, MCLELLEN & FISH LLP. 5. Said social media post also detailed that ADAM GHANDER is the registered owner of TIDEWOOD LLC who purchased a mansion in Massachusetts where GHISLAINE had been staying since leaving NY. 6. Upon further in spection it was found that corporation records associated with TIDEWOOD LLC are associated with ADAM GHANDER and . The entity was also associated with NUTTER, MCLELLEN & FISH LLP. 7. Open source records confirmed TIDEWOOD LLC was the owner
