# EFTA02389116

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: Sunday, June 9, 2013 1:22 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein CC Subject: Andrew Farkas Breakfast at his house? I do not have on my calendar any day that you went to Farkas' house for =reakfast in 2013. I asked and Jojo, thinking Jojo may have taken =ou prior to my arrival at 9am one morning, but they are not aware of a =orning you went to Farkas' home for breakfast. I can

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Sunday, June 9, 2013 1:22 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein CC 
Subject: 
Andrew Farkas Breakfast at his house? 
I do not have on my calendar any day that you went to Farkas' house for =reakfast in 2013. I asked 
and Jojo, 
thinking Jojo may have taken =ou prior to my arrival at 9am one morning, but they are not aware of a =orning you went 
to Farkas' home for breakfast. I can give you dates =ou were recently in NY in 2013 below. Also, I know on Wed. May 
22nd =ou wanted to be reminded of Farkas in the morning and he came over to =ee you around 5:30pm this day...On 
Monday April 8th you met with Andrew =nd Cecile at STC at 8:30am... 
Days you were in NY in 2013, most recent first: 
June 3-6 
May 22-24 
May 1-6 
April 21-25 
March 31-April 5 
March 19-21 
I hope this helps...=?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" 
"http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
creal>1370784126</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>5</integer> 
<integer>18</integer> 
</array> 
<key>original-mailbox<Aey> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>308994</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01412799 
EFTA02389116

