# EFTA02274811

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Eva Dubin|
|Sent|Friday, February 8, 2019 12:28 PM|
|Subject|Re: muffins|

---

**[FULL]:** To: From: Sent: Subject: Re: muffins Fri 2/8/2019 8:34:23 PM We will have Sonam make muffins on Monday and bring to you!! Enjoy your weekend! Sent from my iPhonc On Feb 8, 2019, at 1:1 1 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: no worries at all i was just joking! i can wait until jeffrey is back in ny next time Please note, my email address has changed to: From: Sent: Friday, February 8, 2019 12:28 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: muffins Hi Eva. I am still waiting to hear back from Sonam who is to make the m

**[FULL]:** nday and bring to you!! Enjoy your weekend! Sent from my iPhonc On Feb 8, 2019, at 1:1 1 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: no worries at all i was just joking! i can wait until jeffrey is back in ny next time Please note, my email address has changed to: From: Sent: Friday, February 8, 2019 12:28 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: muffins Hi Eva. I am still waiting to hear back from Sonam who is to make the muffins. I am hoping for today. But it could be Monday A I will let you know. Sent from my iPhone On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: 400 Please note, my email address has changed to On Feb

**[FULL]:** s changed to: From: Sent: Friday, February 8, 2019 12:28 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: muffins Hi Eva. I am still waiting to hear back from Sonam who is to make the muffins. I am hoping for today. But it could be Monday A I will let you know. Sent from my iPhone On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: 400 Please note, my email address has changed to On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, wrote: Oh Eva!!! Completely understand!! They are simply the BEST! Let me work on This for you OA Sent from my iPhone On Feb 8, 2019, at 10:55 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: EFTA_R1_01088211 EFTA02274811 Hi I r

**[FULL]:** ent from my iPhone On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: 400 Please note, my email address has changed to On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, wrote: Oh Eva!!! Completely understand!! They are simply the BEST! Let me work on This for you OA Sent from my iPhone On Feb 8, 2019, at 10:55 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: EFTA_R1_01088211 EFTA02274811 Hi I ran out of muffins this morning and I do not know how I will survive without them! Do you have any ideas of how I can get more? A Please note, my email address has changed to: EFTA_R1_01088212 EFTA02274812

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: Re: muffins 
Fri 2/8/2019 8:34:23 PM 
We will have Sonam make muffins on Monday and bring to you!! Enjoy your weekend! 
Sent from my iPhonc 
On Feb 8, 2019, at 1:1 1 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
no worries at all i was just joking! i can wait until jeffrey is back in ny next time 
Please note, my email address has changed to: 
From: 
Sent: Friday, February 8, 2019 12:28 PM 
To: Eva Dubin 
Subject: Re: muffins 
Hi Eva. I am still waiting to hear back from Sonam who is to make the muffins. I am 
hoping for today. But it could be Monday A I will let you know. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
400 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, 
wrote: 
Oh Eva!!! Completely understand!! They are simply the 
BEST! Let me work on This for you OA 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 8, 2019, at 10:55 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01088211 
EFTA02274811

Hi 
I ran out of muffins this morning and I do 
not know how I will survive without them! 
Do you have any ideas of how I can get 
more? A 
Please note, my email address has changed 
to: 
EFTA_R1_01088212 
EFTA02274812

