# EFTA02363042

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** ould move it faster. > Speak early next week. > Best > M > Murray J. McCabe I Global Co•Head, Real Estate Investment Banking I > J.P. M=rgan Securities LLC I 383 Madison Avenue I New York, NY 10179 I EFTA_R1_01356041 EFTA02363042 > Alternate contacts: • Original Message > From: Farkas, Andrew L. > Sent: Tuesday, June 05, > To: Baker, Brian J.; McCabe, Murray > Subject: Following Up > Hi Murray, hi Brian. I am just following up from yesterday as you had sugrested that we touch base today. I'm around and can be reached at this email=address or Thanks for taking the tim= to hear me

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeff <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 6, 2012 6:53 PM 
To: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
Re: Update 
To be clear , is this a deaknthat is for you and I , or for c3 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jun 6, 2012, at 2:45 PM, "Farkas, Andrew L 
> wrote:= 
> Just fyi 
>  
 Original Message 
> From: McCabe, Murray 
> Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2012 12:06 PM 
> To: Farkas, Andrew L.; Baker, Brian .I.mammillookflilininimmimmt. 
> Subject: Update 
> Andrew - 
> I hope you received my voice mail. 
> We need more time to evaluate our ability to finance this deal which is a v=lue proposition you clearly want from us 
before you embrace us. 
> We have made no decisions on who to work with until we know we have someth=ng to offer. 
> You guys are clearly a key player and we are focused on that. 
> I think we can have an answer on confidence around the financing appetite n=xt week. 
> I wish I could move it faster. 
> Speak early next week. 
> Best 
> M 
> Murray J. McCabe I Global Co•Head, Real Estate Investment Banking I 
> J.P. M=rgan Securities LLC I 383 Madison Avenue I New York, NY 10179 I 
EFTA_R1_01356041 
EFTA02363042

> Alternate contacts: 
 
•
 Original Message 
> From: Farkas, Andrew L. 
> Sent: Tuesday, June 05, 
> To: Baker, Brian J.; McCabe, Murray 
> Subject: Following Up 
> Hi Murray, hi Brian. I am just following up from yesterday as you had sugrested that we touch base today. I'm around 
and can be reached at this email=address or 
Thanks for taking the tim= to hear 
me out yesterday. I enjoyed the discussion. 
> Sent from my iPad 
> This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exc=usively for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
p=ivileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or o=herwise exempt or protected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under ap=licable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notifie= that 
printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating o= using this message or any information contained 
herein (including any reli=nce thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in e=ror, please contact 
the sender immediately and destroy the message (includi=g any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in electronic o= hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a l=gally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with C-=II Capital Partners LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a f=Ily executed agreement to be received by C-III Capital Partners LLC or such=affiliate. 
> This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and 
> conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of securities, 
> accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, 
> legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available at 
> http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/email. 
> This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exc=usively for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
p=ivileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or o=herwise exempt or protected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under ap=licable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notifie= that 
printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating o= using this message or any information contained 
herein (including any reli=nce thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in e=ror, please contact 
the sender immediately and destroy the message (includi=g any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in electronic o= hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a l=gally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with C-=II Capital Partners LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a f=Ily executed agreement to be received by C-III Capital Partners LLC or such=affiliate. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01356042 
EFTA02363043

<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1339008588</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap:Meevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/AII%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>227850</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01356043 
EFTA02363044

