# EFTA02701900

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, hillary, bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sultan Bin Sulayem Sent: Tuesday, October 9, 2012 4:53 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Hillary Clinton goes to her doctor for a check-up, only to find out that she's pregnant. She is furious... Here she is -- in the middle of dealing with this Libyan mess -- now this has happened to her! She calls home, gets Bill on the phone and immediately starts screaming: "You bastard! How could you have let

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Sent: 
Tuesday, October 9, 2012 4:53 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Hillary Clinton goes to her doctor for a check-up, only to find out that she's pregnant. 
She is furious... 
Here she is -- in the middle of dealing with this Libyan mess -- now this has happened to her! 
She calls home, gets Bill on the phone and immediately starts screaming: 
"You bastard! How could you have let this happen? With all that's going on right now, you go and get me pregnant! How 
could you? I can't believe this! I've just found out I'm five weeks pregnant and it's all your fault' 
 Well, what have 
you got to say?" 
There is nothing but dead silence on the phone. 
She screams again, "Did you hear me?" 
Finally, she hears Bill's very, very quiet voice, in a barely audible 
whisper: 
Who's speaking? 
Sent from my iPhone=?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"b <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" 
"http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyUst-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
alict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1349801604</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8623750145</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>27</integer> 
<integer>7</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>250817</string> 
</dict> 
EFTA_R1_02072671 
EFTA02701900

</phst> 
2 
EFTA_R1_02072672 
EFTA02701901

