# EFTA02558917

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"William S. Elku="|
|To|Eva Andersson Dubin|
|Sent||
|Subject|any Fashion Week contacts?|

---

**[FULL]:** Elkus an> wrote: Hi Jeffr=y! Any fashion week suggestions for us? I asked Eva she doesn't =ut thought you might? Anyway please check out Sophie's blog. Best, Bill Begin forwarded message: From: "William S. Elku=" Subject: any Fashion Week contacts? Date: August 12, 2012 11:07:33 AM PDT To: Eva Andersson Dubin Hi Eva, My d=ughter Sophie and wife Leslie will be in NYC on Sept 6,7,8 and Sophie woul= love to get into some Fashion Week events (and Leslie too if possible).=A0 She is a newly minted fashion blogger: AngelFoodStyle.com <http://a=gelfoodstyle.comk (I pasted t=o photos of her from the b

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, August 12, 2012 7:34 PM 
To: 
William S. Elkus 
Cc: 
Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Re: any Fashion Week contacts? 
yes, but ask me closer to date. 
On Sun, =ug 12, 2012 at 1:05 PM, William S. Elkus 
an> wrote: 
Hi Jeffr=y! Any fashion week suggestions for us? I asked Eva she doesn't =ut thought you might? Anyway 
please check out Sophie's blog. 
Best, Bill 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "William S. Elku=" 
Subject: any Fashion Week contacts? 
Date: August 12, 2012 11:07:33 AM PDT 
To: Eva Andersson Dubin 
Hi Eva, 
My d=ughter Sophie and wife Leslie will be in NYC on Sept 6,7,8 and Sophie woul= love to get into some 
Fashion Week events (and Leslie too if possible).=A0 
She is a newly minted fashion blogger: AngelFoodStyle.com <http://a=gelfoodstyle.comk (I pasted t=o 
photos of her from the blog below) 
and also writes on fashion for Neo= Tommy the USC online school newspaper. 
Do you by chance have any contacts in that space? 
Thanks and hop=ng all is well, 
Bill 
EFTA_R1_01718920 
EFTA02558917

=br> 
Bill Elkus 
,**•** 
***** 
**•** 
***** 
*****•*** 
********* 
******** 
rt •** 
The information con=ained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client pri=ileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01718921 
EFTA02558918

