# EFTA02495953

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, July 14, 2015 5:46 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: who are the parents? <=iv class="gmail_quote">On Tue, Jul 14, 2015 at 1:43 PM, Eva Dubi » wrote: No Unrelated Sent from=my iPhone On Jul 14, 2015, at 7:43 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com<=a» wrote: On Tue, Jul 14, 2015 at 11:40 AM, Eva Du=in Lesley, Can you reach out

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, July 14, 2015 5:46 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
who are the parents? 
<=iv class="gmail_quote">On Tue, Jul 14, 2015 at 1:43 PM, Eva Dubi 
» wrote: 
No 
Unrelated 
Sent from=my iPhone 
On Jul 14, 2015, at 7:43 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com<=a» wrote: 
On Tue, Jul 14, 2015 at 11:40 AM, Eva Du=in 
Lesley, 
Can you reach out direc=ly to Erica Peltz head of VIP for the hospital. 
She was on the p=evious email I sent you. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 1=, 2015, at 4:29 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= 
target=> wrote: 
can we set the appt for rothschi=d either the 20 or the 21. st. at mountsinai 
=C24k please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
c=nstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or co=ying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_01620137 
EFTA02495953

return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div>--
4,=A0 please note 
The information contained in this communication is<=r>confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, 
may 
constitute insid= information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is =he property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thiscommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be un=awful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify =s immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevac=tion@gmail.com> , and 
destro= this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. =opyright -all rights reserved 
=/div>--
=C24k 
please note 
The information containe= in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the u=e of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disc=osure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly =rohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communicati=n in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail =o jeevacation@g=ail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01620138 
EFTA02495954

