# EFTA02425191

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailtojeevacation©gmail.com]|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|15 April 2010 02:37|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** xt Fri/Sat, so will miss him. But I will make sure I meet him soon on another trip. Also I have no immediate plans to drop by New York but I think I should at some stage soon. I'll look and see if I can make a couple of days before the summer. It would be good to catch up in person. A HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtojeevacation©gmail.com] Sent: 15 April 2010 02:37 To: The Duke Subject: jes staley will be in london on thurs the 22.. i think you should meet if you are in town.. head of jpm investment back„ next chariman ********************* ****** ***** ****************

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent 
Thur 4/15/2010 5:59:26 AM 
Subject RE: 
Hi, 
I would love to but sadly heading into the stan's today and back via Kiev next 
Fri/Sat, so will miss him. But I will make sure I meet him soon on another trip. 
Also I have no immediate plans to drop by New York but I think I should at some 
stage soon. I'll look and see if I can make a couple of days before the summer. 
It would be good to catch up in person. 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtojeevacation©gmail.com] 
Sent: 15 April 2010 02:37 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
jes staley will be in london on thurs the 22.. i think you should meet if you are in town.. head of 
jpm investment back„ next chariman 
********************* 
****** 
***** 
*************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA_R1_01493441 
EFTA02425191

communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcc‘acation@grnail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1493442 
EFTA02425192

