# EFTA02319867

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: highbridge

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** 7 >a here are a few suggestions: » - 2 pairs Butter Sweatpants (in size for her age) -Japanese tea set » - Ballet flats - she wears size 3 » -flat Adidas soccer shoes for indoor play 9menaing no cleats)-size 3 TBD » Original Message » From: » Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 3:58 PM » To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, Kimberly » Subject: Christmas » Hi Eva, » Just wonderin if you could give some insight on Christmas present =deas for I'm looking for speakers for room =nd bathroom for her present. Any input would be greatly appreciated. »,i ikou! » This e-mail message is intended only for the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Monday, December 6, 2010 6:36 PM 
To: 
Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: 
Re: Christmas 
thank you..l'm looking for speakers for her from JE On Dec 6, 2010, at 1:34 PM, Feierstein, Kimberly wrote: 
> Change of plans...One of 
are going to give her =he sunglasses. 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Feierstein, Kimberly 
> Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 9:15 AM 
> To: 
> Subject: RE: Christmas 
> Actually. 
said Jeffrey was getting her speakers? She wants to =ake sure she gets the sunglasses so I can have 
one of 
=et them for her unless he does need more gift ideas for her. Let me =now. 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Feierstein, Kimberly 
> Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 9:02 AM 
> To: 
> Subject: RE: Christmas 
> Sunglasses (the Haviana ones) -
> =ttp://www.gooddens.com/pd-ray-ban-sunglasses-rb4125-cats-5000-mens.cf 
> m She also said gifts cards to stores such as - Bloomingdales, Olive 
> =ette, Victoria Secret 
> 
Original Message 
> From: 
> Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 4:32 PM 
> To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
> Subject: Re: Christmas 
> Thank you! I will forward this togas well. I had asked her to help =e with ideas and in buying Xmas presents, so it's a 
joint effort! 
> On Dec 3, 2010, at 4:28 PM, "Feierstein, Kimberly" =kimberly.feierstein@highbridge.com> wrote: 
» H 
I totally had this answer for you earlier, but I didn't =ave a chance to send yet. Also, Eva originally had me 
sending it to =usan. Do I need to send to her as well? 
>> 
he would love to get 5-10 of the balls in the link below. =hey are for a machine. 
» =ttp://www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?productIck3700676 
» 8ccp=3D2367438.2367820.2356658.2360703 
EFTA_R1_01228696 
EFTA02319867

>a 
here are a few suggestions: 
» - 2 pairs Butter Sweatpants (in size for her age) -Japanese tea set 
» - Ballet flats - she wears size 3 
» -flat Adidas soccer shoes for indoor play 9menaing no cleats)-size 3 
TBD 
» 
Original Message 
» From: 
» Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 3:58 PM 
» To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, Kimberly 
» Subject: Christmas 
» Hi Eva, 
» Just wonderin if you could give some insight on Christmas present =deas for 
I'm looking for 
speakers for 
room =nd bathroom for her present. Any input would be greatly appreciated. 
»,i
ikou! 
» This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) =bove. It may contain confidential information. If you 
are not the =ntended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, =istribution or copying of this e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly =rohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please =mmediately notify the sender 
by replying to this e-mail and delete the =essage and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
> This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. =t may contain confidential information. If you 
are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution =r copying of this e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. =f you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the =ender 
by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any =ttachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-sent</key> 
<real>1291660533</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap:/, 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>620</string> 
<key>subject</key> 
Sent%20Messages</string> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01228697 
EFTA02319868

<string>Re: Christmas</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01228698 
EFTA02319869

