# EFTA02573931

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Neil Gershenfeld|
|To|Lesley Grof|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: To: Subject: last night Forwarded messa:e From: Lesl=y Groff Date: Thu, Sep 5, 2013 at 12:50 PM Subject: Neil-David Blaine & Wood= Allen To: Epstein Jeffrey «mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Thursday, September 5, 2013 6:02 PM Svet; Eva Dubin Fwd: Neil-David Blaine & Woody Allen Begin forwarded message: you! From: Neil Gershenfeld Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Date: September 5 2013 12:41:58 PM EDT<=r> To: Lesley Grof Lesley, Dinner was fun=and the logistics easy, thanks. Here's the pi=tures and video: http://ng.cba.mit.edu/fi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
last night 
 
Forwarded messa:e 
From: Lesl=y Groff 
Date: Thu, Sep 5, 2013 at 12:50 PM 
Subject: Neil-David Blaine & Wood= Allen 
To: Epstein Jeffrey «mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Thursday, September 5, 2013 6:02 PM 
Svet; Eva Dubin 
Fwd: Neil-David Blaine & Woody Allen 
Begin forwarded message: 
you! 
From: Neil Gershenfeld 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: September 5 2013 12:41:58 PM EDT<=r> 
To: Lesley Grof 
Lesley, 
Dinner was fun=and the logistics easy, thanks. 
Here's the pi=tures and video: 
http://ng.cba.mit.edu/file/dinner/index.htm= <http://ng.cba.mit.edu/file/dinne=/index.html> 
That's a private server, I'll take down once you copy them (unless =effrey or David would like them shared). 
<=r>Neil 
On T=u, Sep 5, 2013 at 10:29 AM, Lesley Groff 
>./span> wrote: 
Good morning Neil! hope you had a great time last night=and that all the logistics worked out well for 
EFTA_R1_01744300 
EFTA02573931

Jeffrey is asking if you could send him a copy of the video you took 8laine=and Woody... 
possible? 
Lesley 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
2=2 750 9895 <tel:212%20750%209895> 
The information con=ained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pri=ileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01744301 
EFTA02573932

