# EFTA00029297 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 6

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, October 14, 2021 9:50AM
- **Subject:** (EXTERNAL) Re: Ghislalne Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Thu, 14 Oct 2021 15:33:50 +0000 Inline-Images: inutge003.png: image004.png Front: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Sent: Thursday, October 14, 2021 9:50AM To: >: Cc: Christian Everdell a) a> Subject: (EXTERNAL) Re: Ghislalne Maxwell 02879-509 Good morning- I arn on the VTC with Ms. Maxwell who has confirmed that she has not received the hard drive sent by the government and delivered to the MDC on Tuesday. Further, there is legal material and books that have been delivered to the MDC and have not been given to Ms. Maxwell. Please provide an explanation Immediately. Thank you. Bo

### Match 2
> lalne Maxwell 02879-509 Good morning- I arn on the VTC with Ms. Maxwell who has confirmed that she has not received the hard drive sent by the government and delivered to the MDC on Tuesday. Further, there is legal material and books that have been delivered to the MDC and have not been given to Ms. Maxwell. Please provide an explanation Immediately. Thank you. Bobbi Please note my new office address and preferred email address: BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim Main: Cell: Fax: This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi

### Match 3
> ssion in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. On Oct 13, 2021, at 6:55 PM, BOBBI C STERNHEIM wrote: Good evening- Per the govt email and FedEx tracking info (see below), two (2) FedEx envelopes sent by the government to the MDC for Ms. Maxwell were delivered to the MDC yesterday (Tuesday 10/12) at 10:26 am. As of this afternoon (10/13), Ms. Maxwell still had not received either FedEx.. Please immediately provide an explanation for the delay as it will be reported to the Court. Bobbi <Screen Shot 2021-10-13 at 6.46.32 PM.png><Screen S

### Match 4
> . On Oct 13, 2021, at 6:55 PM, BOBBI C STERNHEIM wrote: Good evening- Per the govt email and FedEx tracking info (see below), two (2) FedEx envelopes sent by the government to the MDC for Ms. Maxwell were delivered to the MDC yesterday (Tuesday 10/12) at 10:26 am. As of this afternoon (10/13), Ms. Maxwell still had not received either FedEx.. Please immediately provide an explanation for the delay as it will be reported to the Court. Bobbi <Screen Shot 2021-10-13 at 6.46.32 PM.png><Screen Shot 2021-10-13 at 6.31.26 PM.png><Screen Shot 2021-10.13 at 6.26.05 PM.png, EFTA00029297 Chrome File Edi

### Match 5
> From: To: Subject: FW: [EXTERNAL] Re: Ghialaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Thu, 14 Oct 2021 15:33:50 +0000 Inline-Images: inutge003.png: image004.png Front: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Sent: Thursday, October 14, 2021 9:50AM To: >: Cc: Christian Everdell a) a> Subject: (EXTERNAL) Re: Ghislalne Maxwell 02879-509 Good morning- I arn on the VTC with Ms. Maxw

### Match 6
> From: To: Subject: FW: [EXTERNAL] Re: Ghialaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Thu, 14 Oct 2021 15:33:50 +0000 Inline-Images: inutge003.png: image004.png Front: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Sent: Thursday, October 14, 2021 9:50AM To: >: Cc: Christian Everdell a) a> Subject: (EXTERNAL) Re: Ghislalne Maxwell 02879-509 Good morning- I arn on the VTC with Ms. Maxwell who has confirmed that she has not received the hard drive sent by the government and delivered to the MDC on Tuesday. Further, there is legal material and books that have been delivered to the MDC and have not been given to Ms. Maxwell.
