# EFTA00015966 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Parry, Emma
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, July 16, 2020 1:26 PM
- **Subject:** Maxwell info

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> . From: Parry, Emma Sent: Thursday, July 16, 2020 1:26 PM To: Subject: Maxwell info Hi I'm not sure if you are the right person to speak to so please redirect this email if necessary. I am a reporter at The Sun and I recently did an interview with a source who has a lot of information about Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein. He is currently in prison but has cooperated on other cases with ATF and now wants to cooperate with authorities on the Maxwell case. I believe he is credible. He named many names to me which we didn't publish but he is happy to share with investigators. https://www.thesun.c

### Match 2
> . From: Parry, Emma Sent: Thursday, July 16, 2020 1:26 PM To: Subject: Maxwell info Hi I'm not sure if you are the right person to speak to so please redirect this email if necessary. I am a reporter at The Sun and I recently did an interview with a source who has a lot of information about Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein. He is currently in prison but has cooperated on other cases with ATF and now wants to cooperate with authorities on the Maxwell case. I believe he is credible. He named many names to me which we didn't publish but he is happy to share with investigators. https://www.

### Match 3
> From: To: Subject: ,T: • axwe m o Date: Thu, 16 Jul 2020 17:41:17 +0000 For you. From: Parry, Emma Sent: Thursday, July 16, 2020 1:26 PM To: Subject: Maxwell info Hi I'm not sure if you are the right person to speak to so please redirect this email if necessary. I am a reporter at The Sun and I recently did an interview with a source who has a lot of information about Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein. He is currently in prison but has cooperate

### Match 4
> rect this email if necessary. I am a reporter at The Sun and I recently did an interview with a source who has a lot of information about Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein. He is currently in prison but has cooperated on other cases with ATF and now wants to cooperate with authorities on the Maxwell case. I believe he is credible. He named many names to me which we didn't publish but he is happy to share with investigators. https://www.thesun.co.ukinews/12091701/epstein-maxwell-people-sex-under-age-girls/ He has asked me to reach out to help facilitate this. Can you help? Or advise on how I
