# EFTA02579853

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, joi ito

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** M To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Sweatshirts My shirts and flags arrived and I have taken them to the embroiderer. Reid's middle name according to Wikipedia.- Reid Garrett Hoffman - so it wil= be RGH with the H in the middle as the biggest letter. Bills name according to online- William Henry Gates - so it will be BHG with The letter G biggest and in th= middle. (Unless you want to use William instead of Bill) Joi Ito's name in his passport is Joicho Ito. So it will have to be only 2 l=tters JI. Boris doesn't have a middle name so will have to be BN. All will have the American Flag the sa

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Thursday, January 9, 2014 8:54 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Sweatshirts 
My shirts and flags arrived and I have taken them to the embroiderer. 
Reid's middle name according to Wikipedia.- Reid Garrett Hoffman - so it wil= be RGH with the H in the middle as the 
biggest letter. 
Bills name according to online-
William Henry Gates - so it will be BHG with The letter G biggest and in th= middle. (Unless you want to use William 
instead of Bill) 
Joi Ito's name in his passport is Joicho Ito. So it will have to be only 2 l=tters JI. 
Boris doesn't have a middle name so will have to be BN. 
All will have the American Flag the same size as your shirts with the same p=acement on the same arm as you have. 
Sent from my iPhone=?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" 
"http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>278620</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1389300824</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>378742</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01754813 
EFTA02579853

