# EFTA00023748 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Nicole Simmons
- **To:** 'newcases@ca2.uscourts.govi
- **Sent:** Thursday, September 24, 2020 7:58 PM
- **Subject:** US v. Maxwell Case No. 20-3061, [Unredacted Opening Brief & Sealed Appendix Vol. 2]

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> PM To: 'newcases@ca2.uscourts.govi Cc: Adam Mueller ;Ty Gee < >; (USANYS) < >; ) c >; (USANYS) Subject: US v. Maxwell Case No. 20-3061, [Unredacted Opening Brief & Sealed Appendix Vol. 2] To Whom It May Concern: At the request of Adam Mueller, please see attached the Unredacted version of Ms. Maxwell's Opening Brief and the Sealed Appendix Vol. 2 in the above referenced matter. Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns. Regards, Nicole Nicole Simmons Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. WWW hmflaw c om EFTA00023748

### Match 2
> From: ' To: (USANYS)" Subject: FW: US v. Maxwell Case No. 20-3061, [Unredacted Opening Brief & Sealed Appendix Vol. 2] Date: Fri, 25 Sep 2020 00:17:10 +0000 Attachments: 2020.09.24_Opening_Brief (Unredacted).pdf; Appendix_Vol._2_(124-314)_SEALED.pdf; 2020.09.24_Motionfor Leave_to_File_Under_Seal.pdf Inline-Images: image001.jpg From: Nicole

### Match 3
> Appendix_Vol._2_(124-314)_SEALED.pdf; 2020.09.24_Motionfor Leave_to_File_Under_Seal.pdf Inline-Images: image001.jpg From: Nicole Simmons Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 7:58 PM To: 'newcases@ca2.uscourts.govi Cc: Adam Mueller ;Ty Gee < >; (USANYS) < >; ) c >; (USANYS) Subject: US v. Maxwell Case No. 20-3061, [Unredacted Opening Brief & Sealed Appendix Vol. 2] To Whom It May Concern: At the request of Adam Mueller, please see attached the Unredacted version of Ms. Maxwell's Opening Brief and the Sealed Appendix Vol. 2 in the above referenced matter. Please let me know if you have an
