# EFTA02386121

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Biegel, Chelsie"|
|To|'u|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>Hasty Pudding/Michael Lynton Gala - Andrew =arkas|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Richard Kahn Sent: Monday, January 7, 2013 9:07 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: re: Letter from Andrew Farkas Attached Attachments: Jeffrey Epstein Letter Hasty Pudding Gala.docx; Untitled attachment 00301.htm HBRK Associates Inc. 575 =exington Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, New York 10022 tel fax cell Begin forwarded message: From: Lesley Groff Date: January 7, 2013 =:17:04 PM EST To: Ric

**[WORD]:** : Jeffrey Epstein Letter Hasty Pudding Gala.docx; Untitled attachment 00301.htm HBRK Associates Inc. 575 =exington Avenue, 4th Floor, New York, New York 10022 tel fax cell Begin forwarded message: From: Lesley Groff Date: January 7, 2013 =:17:04 PM EST To: Rich Kahn Subject: Letter from Andrew Farkas =ttached Begin =orwarded message: From: "Biegel, Chelsie" =/div> Subject: =/b>Hasty Pudding/Michael Lynton Gala - Andrew =arkas Date: January 4, 2013 1:54:35 PM EST To: 'u </=iv> Hi Leslie, Happy New Year! EFTA_R1_01405700 EFTA02386121 I wanted to reach out to =onfirm that Mr. Ep

**[WORD]:** oor, New York, New York 10022 tel fax cell Begin forwarded message: From: Lesley Groff Date: January 7, 2013 =:17:04 PM EST To: Rich Kahn Subject: Letter from Andrew Farkas =ttached Begin =orwarded message: From: "Biegel, Chelsie" =/div> Subject: =/b>Hasty Pudding/Michael Lynton Gala - Andrew =arkas Date: January 4, 2013 1:54:35 PM EST To: 'u </=iv> Hi Leslie, Happy New Year! EFTA_R1_01405700 EFTA02386121 I wanted to reach out to =onfirm that Mr. Epstein received a letter regarding The Hasty =udding/Michael Lynton Gala on March 4, 2013. The letter was sent by =ndrew Farkas and

**[WORD]:** to reach out to =onfirm that Mr. Epstein received a letter regarding The Hasty =udding/Michael Lynton Gala on March 4, 2013. The letter was sent by =ndrew Farkas and should have arrived before the holidays via FedEx. In =ddition, I wanted to set up a quick five minute phone call with Jeffrey =nd Andrew regarding the letter, which you will also find attached. =hank you for your help in advance. Best, Chelsie Chelsie Biegel Island Capital 717 Fifth =venue New =ork, NY 10022 T: This message, and any attachments hereto, is =onfidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Monday, January 7, 2013 9:07 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
re: Letter from Andrew Farkas Attached 
Attachments: 
Jeffrey Epstein Letter Hasty Pudding Gala.docx; Untitled attachment 00301.htm 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 =exington Avenue, 4th Floor, 
New York, New York 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Lesley Groff 
Date: January 7, 2013 =:17:04 PM EST 
To: Rich Kahn 
Subject: Letter from Andrew Farkas =ttached 
Begin =orwarded message: 
From: "Biegel, Chelsie" 
=/div> 
Subject: =/b>Hasty Pudding/Michael Lynton Gala - Andrew =arkas 
Date: January 4, 2013 1:54:35 PM EST 
To: 'u 
</=iv> 
Hi Leslie, 
Happy New Year! 
EFTA_R1_01405700 
EFTA02386121

I wanted to reach out to =onfirm that Mr. Epstein received a letter regarding The Hasty =udding/Michael 
Lynton Gala on March 4, 2013. The letter was sent by =ndrew Farkas and should have arrived before the holidays via 
FedEx. In =ddition, I wanted to set up a quick five minute phone call with Jeffrey =nd Andrew regarding the letter, which 
you will also find attached. =hank you for your help in advance. 
Best, 
Chelsie 
Chelsie Biegel 
Island Capital 
717 Fifth =venue 
New =ork, NY 10022 
T: 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is =onfidential and intended exclusively for the use of the 
individual or =ntity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain =nformation that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a =onfidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or =rotected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). =f you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that =rinting, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or =sing this message or any information 
contained herein (including any =eliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this =essage in error, please 
contact the sender immediately and destroy the =essage (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, 
=hether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this =-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or =odification of any agreement with C-III Capital Partners LLC or any of =ts affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be =eceived by C-III Capital Partners LLC or such =ffiliate. 
<=div> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01405701 
EFTA02386122

