# EFTA02433962

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Hello from Paris|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey EpsteinUeevacationagmail.comj From: Daniel Slad Sent Thur 12/17/2009 3:28:35 PM Subject: Hello from Paris To: Cc: Jean Luc Brunel Hello jeffrey as I told you before , I dont think that i would like to be be involved where Jean luc is he is a trouble maker a falce acusation trying to go behind my back like a child I don't think that i can contunue to get involved with him; I will never do so if i can work with some body

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey EpsteinUeevacationagmail.comj 
From: 
Daniel Slad 
Sent 
Thur 12/17/2009 3:28:35 PM 
Subject: Hello from Paris 
To: 
Cc: Jean Luc Brunel 
Hello jeffrey 
as I told you before , I dont think that i would like to be be involved where Jean 
luc is he is a trouble maker a falce acusation trying to go behind my back like a 
child 
I don't think that i can contunue to get involved with him; 
I will never do so if i can work with some body else that will be great if not he is 
just twisting the words the gentelement named Eric asked me who is jeffrey I 
told him that he's a friend and partner with jean luc to make look good and now 
jean luc is making an isssue out of it telling that he deosn'nt want to take 
responsability to bring Sandra .bla bla bla 
best regards 
Daniel 
Confidentiality Notice: The information contained in this electronic message is PRIVILEGED and 
confidential information intended only for the use of the individual entity or entities named as 
recipient or recipients. If the reader is not the intended recipient, be hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify me immediately by electronic mail or by 
telephone and permanently delete this message from your computer system. Thank you. 
Confidentiality Notice: The information contained in this electronic message is PRIVILEGED and 
confidential information intended only for the use of the individual entity or entities named as 
recipient or recipients. If the reader is not the intended recipient, be hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution or copy of this communication is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify me immediately by electronic mail or by 
telephone and permanently delete this message from your computer system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01505385 
EFTA02433962

