# EFTA02417848

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Sat May 29 05:49:03 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmail.comUeeyacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sat 5/29/2010 6:30:16 PM Subject: Re: A little less now. I'll call you tomorrow (sunday) to catch up. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sat May 29 05:49:03 2010 Subject: still crazed? ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** *

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmail.comUeeyacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sat 5/29/2010 6:30:16 PM Subject: Re: A little less now. I'll call you tomorrow (sunday) to catch up. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sat May 29 05:49:03 2010 Subject: still crazed? ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the u

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.comUeeyacationellgmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Sat 5/29/2010 6:30:16 PM 
Subject: Re: 
A little less now. I'll call you tomorrow (sunday) to catch up. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Sat May 29 05:49:03 2010 
Subject: 
still crazed? 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01482910 
EFTA02417848

