# EFTA02677224

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: roberts, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** Dan Senor Jonathan Burnham John Burnham Schwartz Mario Caivo-Platero Robin Canter and Sally Susman Lea Carpenter Daisy Prince and Hugh Chisholm Elizabeth Wagley and Joe Conason Christine and Cromwell Coulson Gruff and Rob Fairbairn Susan Fales.II ill Brooke Geahan Susan Gilchrist and Andrew Roberts Barbara Goldsmith Victoria and Ben Gore Stephen Graham Dorothy and Stanton Green Bernard Kruger Paul LeCierc Sir Mark and Lady Sheila Lyall Grant Katie Lydon Christopher Mason Camille Massey Blythe Masters Ian Mohr Susan Morgenthau David Mortimer and Shelley Wanger Alexandr

**[WORD]:** discussing their work for 15 minutes. There were some outstanding evenings in the company of such luminaries as Paul Muldoon, Edward Hirsch, Hari Kunzru, Nathaniel Rich, Dambisa Moyo, Philip Gourevitch, Niall Ferguson, Peter Godwin, Jim Holt, Gretchen Rubin, Amber Tamblyn, Grace Coddington, and Andrew Solomon. Following the success of those NY events, Amanda and Lucas wanted to do more for the literary community at large, and so decided to establish SpeakEasy. They assembled an exceptional board comprising Paul LeClerc, former head of the New York Public Library; Camille Massey, VP at the Cou

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

House of 
0 
SpeakEasy 
Gala Committee 
Co-Chain 
Amanda Foreman 
Arladne Calvo-Platero 
Cathy Graham 
Committee Members 
Daniela Amini 
Gabrielle Baron 
Jonathan Barton 
Campbell Brown and Dan Senor 
Jonathan Burnham 
John Burnham Schwartz 
Mario Caivo-Platero 
Robin Canter and Sally Susman 
Lea Carpenter 
Daisy Prince and Hugh Chisholm 
Elizabeth Wagley and 
Joe Conason 
Christine and Cromwell Coulson 
Gruff and Rob Fairbairn 
Susan Fales.II ill 
Brooke Geahan 
Susan Gilchrist and 
Andrew Roberts 
Barbara Goldsmith 
Victoria and Ben Gore 
Stephen Graham 
Dorothy and Stanton Green 
Bernard Kruger 
Paul LeCierc 
Sir Mark and 
Lady Sheila Lyall Grant 
Katie Lydon 
Christopher Mason 
Camille Massey 
Blythe Masters 
Ian Mohr 
Susan Morgenthau 
David Mortimer and 
Shelley Wanger 
Alexandra Munroe and 
Robert Rosenkranz 
Caroline and Patrick O'Hara 
Lucy Sykes and Euan Rollie 
Gretchen Rubin 
Marina Rust 
Dan Stevens 
Sir Tom Stoppard 
Jessica Strand 
Gabrielle Tana 
Diana Taylor 
Um.3 Thurman 
Karen and Clay Tompkins 
Vicky Ward 
Caroline Weber 
Lucas Wittmann 
About our current structure: 
House of SpeakEasy Foundation's 
501(c)(3) is pending. In the meantime. 
we have partnered with The Field 
(www.thelleld.org), a 501(c)(3) that 
acts as our' fiscal sponsor: The Field is a 
not-for-profit. tax-exempt. 501(c)(3) 
organization serving the performing 
arts community. Contributions made to 
The Field and earmarked for House of 
SpeakEasy Foundation- are tax-
deductible to the extent allowed by law. 
For more information about The Field 
contact: The Field. 75 Maiden Lane. 
Suite 906. New York. NY 10038. (212) 
691.6969, svww.thefield.org. A copy of 
The Field's latest annual report may be 
obtained, upon request, from The Field 
or from the Office of the Attorney 
General, Charities Bureau, 120 
Broadway, New York. NY 10271. 
Gala Event 
7pm - 27th January 2014 
City Winery, 155 Varick Street, New York, NY 
Please join us for the House of SpeakEasy Inaugural Gala Event 
Plays with Matches 
A Seriously Entertaining evening of literature, verse, music and song. 
Hosted by Andy Borowitz featuring Adam Gopnik, Susan Orlean, 
Uma Thurman, Dar Williams and Simon Winchester. 
Monday 27 January 2014 
7.00pm 
Dinner and Cabaret will start promptly at 7.30pm 
RSVP using form below 
Gala Tickets $250 
.411 but $120 pee title is twdedaintibk 
YES! I would like to apply for: 
$250 Gala ticket(s) 
'If you would like to be seated near another party, please indicate that in your response and sae wiftdo ow best to seat you accordingly. 
I am unable to attend the event. Enclosed is my tax-deductible contribution of $ 
Name 
Address 
Phone 
Email 
PAYMENT METHOD 
Charge this credit card: Type: 
Visa / MasterCard 
(sadly we cannot accept Amex) 
Number: 
Name on Card: 
 
Exp.: 
CW2: 
Signature: 
Enclosed is a check made payable to The Field 
 
Please accept my pledge to make payment by January 13, 2014 
(please write "House of SpeokEasy" in the Memo Line) 
PLEASE MAIL YOUR REPLY AND CHECKS TO: 
House of SpeokEosy, 117 East 19fh Street, New York, NY 10003 
If you wish to send form by email, please send to 
www.houseofspeakeasy.org 
EFTA_R1_01971595 
EFTA02677224

House of 
0 
SpeakEasy 
EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
Dorothy Mitchell 
dorothi.mitclielbilbousteispeakersy.erg 
COMMUNICATIONS 
DIRECTOR 
Caroline O'Hara 
carolintohan 
hcantolspeakezipmg 
PRODUCTION DIRECTOR 
Elizabeth Uzelac 
efitabedurzelacebastohpeakeasysti 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
Jonathan Barton, Chairman 
Susan Fales-Hill 
Amanda Foreman 
Paul LeClerc 
Camille Massey 
Uma Thurman 
Elizabeth Wagley 
Lucas Wittmann 
About House of SpeakEasy 
SpeakEasy was established in 2013 by a group of prominent writers and literary professionals to support the art of 
writing in all its diverse forms. Its mission is to promote innovative ways of bringing writers and their audiences 
together. SpeakEasy seeks to raise awareness of great writing and to provide the public with entertaining and 
exciting ways to connect with the literary arts. 
SpeakEasys flagship program is "Seriously Entertaining", a monthly showcase of outstanding literary talent. 
Presented in dinner-theater style, each SpeakEasy cabaret features a variety of writers from across the genres, 
from fiction to non-fiction, from the dramatic arts to stand-up comedy - with poetry and song forming a key part 
of the evening. Every event has a title - a central theme - that is reflected, embodied by, or otherwise meditated 
upon by the writers on the stage. The SpeakEasy style of performance is based on a simple format; short 
monologue-style deliveries that are rehearsed but feel casual and spontaneous. It is the old lecture-hall mode of 
literary readings reborn and refreshed for the modern age. 
SpeakEasy has chosen City Winery as the venue for its New York series. Located at 155 Varick Street, City Winery 
is a convivial downtown space that provides intimacy and immediacy, along with room for an audience of 300, 
and a state-of-the-art stage. The program is beginning in early 2014, with monthly events, except for a break 
during the summer, until the end of the year. Our current roster of participating artists includes Jonathan Alter, 
Andy Borowitz, Susan Cheever, Simon Doonan, Ralph Fiennes, Stephen Fry, Michael Friedman, David Gilbert, 
Adam Gopnik, Mark Kingwell, Stephen Lang, Jay McInerney, Susan Orlean, Jay Parini, Katie Roiphe, Gretchen 
Rubin, Dan Stevens, Amor Towles, Dana Vachon, Amanda Vaill, Harriet Walter, Caroline Weber, and Simon 
Winchester. 
Central to SpeakEasy's mission is the insight that for writers to continue to earn a living from their craft, a new 
economic model is required. As a first step, in addition to selling books and duds at every event, SpeakEasy 
compensates its performers by sharing the box office with them. Second, SpeakEasy is creating a digital platform 
to distribute recordings of the evenings, promote our participants' books and music, and create a community of 
passionate readers online. 
To extend SpeakEasy's reach to a broader literary community, however, it is our hope that the success of the gala 
and the 2014 program will enable us to take the SpeakEasy mission to schools and other educational settings in 
ways that will inspire future generations of writers. Whether that is connecting established writers with high 
schools and educational institutions ('A writer in every classroom') or providing supplementary teaching 
materials and tickets to teachers for SpeakEasy events (SpeakFreely), SpeakEasy aims to introduce young people 
to the best writing of today. 
About the founders 
SpeakEasy is the brainchild of Dr. Amanda Foreman, An internationally best-selling and prize-winning author, 
Amanda has long been involved in the broader literary community as a scholar, writer, and judge for prizes such 
as the Man Booker and the National Book Award. Last year, together with Lucas Wittmann, she established and 
hosted a series of speaking events in New York for a UK-based organization called 5x15. These events featured 
five speakers, each discussing their work for 15 minutes. There were some outstanding evenings in the company 
of such luminaries as Paul Muldoon, Edward Hirsch, Hari Kunzru, Nathaniel Rich, Dambisa Moyo, Philip 
Gourevitch, Niall Ferguson, Peter Godwin, Jim Holt, Gretchen Rubin, Amber Tamblyn, Grace Coddington, and 
Andrew Solomon. 
Following the success of those NY events, Amanda and Lucas wanted to do more for the literary community at 
large, and so decided to establish SpeakEasy. They assembled an exceptional board comprising Paul LeClerc, 
former head of the New York Public Library; Camille Massey, VP at the Council on Foreign Relations; Uma 
Thurman, actress, Elizabeth Wagley, founder of the National Memo; Susan Fales-Hill, author; and Jonathan 
Barton, a partner of a New York-based hedge fund. 
www.houseofspeakeasy.org 
EFTA_R1_01971596 
EFTA02677225

