# EFTA02536734

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, president, bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Kirsty Mack=nzie|
|To||
|Sent|Monday, March 0.|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** some of the biggest names in politics, business, inter=ational relations and the arts including US Treasury Secretary Tim Geithne=, President Nicholas Sarkozy, President Hamid Karzai, HRH the Prince of Wa=es, former President Musharraf, former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice= former President Bill Clinton, Senator George Mitchell, Al Gore, Kofi Ann=n, former Prime Minister Tony Blair, the Dalai Lama, Bill Gates, George So=os, Stephen Hawking, Sir Paul McCartney, Mick Jaggar and Salman Rushdie.4=pan> We are a programme that c=rries considerable weight and influence and which prides itself i

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, March 7, 2011 5:03 PM 
To: 
Peggy Siegal 
Subject: 
crazy 
From: Kirsty Mack=nzie 
Sent: Monday, March 0.
11. 
We are keen to explore the possibility of conducting an inte=view with Mr Epstein, on the subject of the stories which 
are circulating,=however inaccurately, about both him and Prince Andrew, the Duke of York; =e'd be keen to hear from 
Mr Epstein first hand so that the various and=at times, speculative reporting which is at large in the UK press can be 
b=tter scrutinised? 
let me tell you a bit about the T=day programme. 
Today is th= BBC's main morning news show; we have been part of the BBC for over 5= years and are generally 
considered one of the most important news broadca=t outlets - either on radio or TV - here in the UK. We set the news 
agenda=for the BBC and in many respects we set the daily news agenda for the coun=ry. Our interviews are regularly re 
broadcast across the BBC's nationa= and international news network including - BBC World, BBC World Ser=ice and BBC 
O=line. The co=bination of these outlets means the global 'reach' of a BBC Today</=> programme interview is second to 
non=. 
Programme guests have inc=uded a selection of some of the biggest names in politics, business, inter=ational relations 
and the arts including US Treasury Secretary Tim Geithne=, President Nicholas Sarkozy, President Hamid Karzai, HRH the 
Prince of Wa=es, former President Musharraf, former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice= former President Bill Clinton, 
Senator George Mitchell, Al Gore, Kofi Ann=n, former Prime Minister Tony Blair, the Dalai Lama, Bill Gates, George 
So=os, Stephen Hawking, Sir Paul McCartney, Mick Jaggar and Salman Rushdie.4=pan> 
We are a programme that c=rries considerable weight and influence and which prides itself in being a=first port of call 
for many of the most important and influential figures =n the international stage. 
I can best be reached via=my cell phone 
My very best wishes and m= thanks! 
Kirs=y 
Kirst= MacKenzie, 
Interviews Editor, 
or this email address. 
EFTA_R1_01682906 
EFTA02536734

Today =rogramme, 
BBC News 
mobile:-
http://www.bbc.co.uk <http://ww=.bbc.co.uk> 
This e-mail (and=any attachments) is confidential and may contain personal views which are =ot the views of the BBC 
unless specifically stated. 
If you have received it in error, please delete it from your system. 
Do =ot use, copy or disclose the information in any way nor act in reliance on=it and notify the sender immediately. 
Please note that the BBC monitors=e-mails sent or received. 
Further communication will signify your consent to this. 
</=iv> 
* ******* *****•••**•••••••• ********* ift_ 
The information contained in this communication is=br> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the=property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying=of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unla=ful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us=immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01682907 
EFTA02536735

