# EFTA02451876

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: hillary

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** .com> wrote: <=div> i will come to cambrid=e on the 17th and fly back that night to new york . so i= might work perfectly On Tue, Sep 6,2016 at 12:17 PM, ehbarak <mailto: > wrote: Hi Jeff As of now planned to be on the 17th September in Boston. Planned to be=in NY on the 18th- 20th for the Clinton Global Initiative last meeti=g. If you want we can come to NY o=e day earlier on the 17th. We got a small pied- a-terre there (!!!IIP=EF**) Best E8 Sent from my iPhone On 5 Sep 2016, at 18=27, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: will you be in cambridge on the 17

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, September 8, 2016 12:41 PM 
To: 
e b 
Subject: 
Re: touch base JE 
i asked . 
On Thu, Sep 8, 2016 at 8:36 AM, e b 
Did you get it? EB 
Sent from my iPad 
> wrote: 
On Se= 7, 2016, at 11:55, ehbarak < 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeff 
Haim Saban arranged an exclusive in=erview for Hillary on Channel 2. 
Ask TB if his man is inte=ested in a similar interview with Channel 10 the leading competition. A hu=e 
percentage of Israelis and most US citizens in IL will surely follow. Th=y are ready to send to the US their leading anchor 
a gifted positive (blon=) lady. 
Let me know 
Best 
EB 
=br> 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 6 Sep 2016, at 13:49, jeffrey =. <jeevacati=n@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
nothing is ever certain, isnt that what you taugh= me? :) 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeff<=div> 
Great. But is it sure? 
So that we can cancel other flig=t tickets? 
Best 
EB 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_01551704 
EFTA02451876

On 6 Sep 2016, at 12:14, jeffrey E. sieevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> wrote: 
<=div> 
i will come to cambrid=e on the 17th and fly back that night to new york . so i= 
might work perfectly 
On Tue, Sep 6,2016 at 12:17 PM, ehbarak 
<mailto: 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeff 
As of now planned to be on the 17th September in Boston. Planned to be=in NY 
on the 18th- 20th for the Clinton Global Initiative last meeti=g. 
If you want we can come to NY o=e day earlier on the 17th. We got a small pied-
a-terre there (!!!IIP=EF**) 
Best 
E8 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 5 Sep 2016, at 18=27, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
will you be in cambridge on the 17th. 4>=A0 ? 
40=A0 please note 
The information contained in this commu=ication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
cons=itute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addre=see. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copyi=g of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
a=d may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pl=ase notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, a=d 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all a=tachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01551705 
EFTA02451877

4>=A0 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use =f the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclos=re or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication =n error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to =a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" 
target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai..com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
4>=A0 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use =f the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclos=re or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly praribited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication =n error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to =a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" 
target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
ple=se note 
The information contained in this communication is 
conf=dential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside infor=ation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the pro=erty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
3 
EFTA_R1_01551706 
EFTA02451878

commu=ication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful.=If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us imme=iately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@g=ail.com> , and 
destroy this =ommunication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrig=t -all rights reserved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01551707 
EFTA02451879

