# EFTA02283961

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent||
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Andrew Farkas From: Sent: Thur 5/2/2019 10:21:01 PM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Hi Andrew...this is-.do you need Jeffrey to call you at the below number? If so, I can pass along the message! On May 2, 2019, at 5:40 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. wrote: Please call me al Sent with BleckBerry Work (www

**[WORD]:** To: Andrew Farkas From: Sent: Thur 5/2/2019 10:21:01 PM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Hi Andrew...this is-.do you need Jeffrey to call you at the below number? If so, I can pass along the message! On May 2, 2019, at 5:40 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. wrote: Please call me al Sent with BleckBerry Work (www blackberry com) From Date: n ay, pr , • To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: Jeffrey Epste

**[WORD]:** To: Andrew Farkas From: Sent: Thur 5/2/2019 10:21:01 PM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Hi Andrew...this is-.do you need Jeffrey to call you at the below number? If so, I can pass along the message! On May 2, 2019, at 5:40 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. wrote: Please call me al Sent with BleckBerry Work (www blackberry com) From Date: n ay, pr , • To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at yo

**[WORD]:** Re: Jeffrey Epstein Hi Andrew...this is-.do you need Jeffrey to call you at the below number? If so, I can pass along the message! On May 2, 2019, at 5:40 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. wrote: Please call me al Sent with BleckBerry Work (www blackberry com) From Date: n ay, pr , • To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! Hope all is well. Sent from my iPhone This message, and any attachments heret

**[WORD]:** -.do you need Jeffrey to call you at the below number? If so, I can pass along the message! On May 2, 2019, at 5:40 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. wrote: Please call me al Sent with BleckBerry Work (www blackberry com) From Date: n ay, pr , • To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! Hope all is well. Sent from my iPhone This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusivel

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Andrew Farkas 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 5/2/2019 10:21:01 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Andrew...this is-.do 
you need Jeffrey to call you at the below number? If so, I can 
pass along the message! 
On May 2, 2019, at 5:40 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
wrote: 
Please call me al 
Sent with BleckBerry Work 
(www blackberry com) 
From 
Date: n ay, pr 
, 
• 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set 
a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? 
Let me know! 
Hope all is well. 
Sent from my iPhone 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt 
or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating 
or using this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy 
the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard 
copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01106119 
EFTA02283961

