# EFTA00020107 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** '
- **Sent:** Thursday, September 30, 2021 10:50 AM
- **Subject:** Maxwell - RTC

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: " I)" alMIN> To: ' Cc: " (USANYS)" (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Maxwell - RTC Date: Tue, 12 Oct 2021 00:14:20 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell RTC v11.ducx Hi M, We just wanted to check in and see if you think you'll have a chance to look at the Maxwell RTC before we send it to the defense. We're planning to do that on October 20, and if you have time to look at this be

### Match 2
> From: " I)" alMIN> To: ' Cc: " (USANYS)" (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Maxwell - RTC Date: Tue, 12 Oct 2021 00:14:20 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell RTC v11.ducx Hi M, We just wanted to check in and see if you think you'll have a chance to look at the Maxwell RTC before we send it to the defense. We're planning to do that on October 20, and if you have time to look at this before then, we'd really like to incorporate your comments. Thanks!

### Match 3
> From: " I)" alMIN> To: ' Cc: " (USANYS)" (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Maxwell - RTC Date: Tue, 12 Oct 2021 00:14:20 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell RTC v11.ducx Hi M, We just wanted to check in and see if you think you'll have a chance to look at the Maxwell RTC before we send it to the defense. We're planning to do that on October 20, and if you have time to look at this before then, we'd really like to incorporate your comments. Thanks! From: Sent: Thursday, September 30, 2021 10:50 AM Subject: Maxwell - RTC Hi M, I hope all's well! Attached

### Match 4
> think you'll have a chance to look at the Maxwell RTC before we send it to the defense. We're planning to do that on October 20, and if you have time to look at this before then, we'd really like to incorporate your comments. Thanks! From: Sent: Thursday, September 30, 2021 10:50 AM Subject: Maxwell - RTC Hi M, I hope all's well! Attached is a draft of our RTC in the Maxwell case. If you have time to look at it, we'd love any comments you might have. In terms of timing, we have to file a joint proposed RTC on October 27, so we are thinking of sending this to the defense a week or so befor

### Match 5
> defense. We're planning to do that on October 20, and if you have time to look at this before then, we'd really like to incorporate your comments. Thanks! From: Sent: Thursday, September 30, 2021 10:50 AM Subject: Maxwell - RTC Hi M, I hope all's well! Attached is a draft of our RTC in the Maxwell case. If you have time to look at it, we'd love any comments you might have. In terms of timing, we have to file a joint proposed RTC on October 27, so we are thinking of sending this to the defense a week or so before that. Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New Yo
