# EFTA02506550

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, April 4, 2015 11:49 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel hope you are feeling better. your lawyer=seems like a nice man. . brad edwards has now filed your suit =s evidence against me. talk to your lawyer and I suggest=you withdraw it.. he ,you and me, don't need it on file =o work out a solution ple=se note The information contained in this communic

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, April 4, 2015 11:49 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
hope you are feeling better. your lawyer=seems like a nice man. . brad edwards has now filed your suit =s evidence 
against me. talk to your lawyer and I suggest=you withdraw it.. he ,you and me, don't need it on file =o work out a 
solution 
ple=se note 
The information contained in this communication is conf=dential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside infor=ation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the pro=erty of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this commu=ication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.=lf you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us imme=iately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> , and destroy this =ommunication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrig=t -all rights reserved 
--047d7bfd06a07f01310512e4a7bb-- conversation-id 120429 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1428148155 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 494514 
EFTA_R1_01636821 
EFTA02506550

