# EFTA02437351

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com]|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Wednesday, September 23, 2009 12:57 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinfleevacationagmail.comj From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Wed 9/23/2009 4:57:43 PM Subject: RE: I don't know. Do you want me to check? From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2009 12:57 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: does david mack now want to sell his bloomberg apt. to me. ? **************

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinfleevacationagmail.comj From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Wed 9/23/2009 4:57:43 PM Subject: RE: I don't know. Do you want me to check? From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2009 12:57 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: does david mack now want to sell his bloomberg apt. to me. ? *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinfleevacationagmail.comj 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Wed 9/23/2009 4:57:43 PM 
Subject: RE: 
I don't know. Do you want me to check? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2009 12:57 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
does david mack now want to sell his bloomberg apt. to me. ? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationasmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01510160 
EFTA02437351

