# EFTA02221197

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: From: Andrew Sent: Tue 9/5/2017 3:28:49 PM Subject Re: where do guests buy washing machine cards? If they need cards it's best to have them contact me via email or text or talk to doorman and he will let me know. Thank you Andrew. Sent from my iPhone > On Sep 5, 2017, at 10:55 AM, rote: > HI Andrew—C

**[WORD]:** To: From: Andrew Sent: Tue 9/5/2017 3:28:49 PM Subject Re: where do guests buy washing machine cards? If they need cards it's best to have them contact me via email or text or talk to doorman and he will let me know. Thank you Andrew. Sent from my iPhone > On Sep 5, 2017, at 10:55 AM, rote: > HI Andrew—Can you please let me know how a guest in our apartment can purchase a washing machine card? I am being asked and I don't really know! > Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein EFTA_R1_00957612 EFTA02221197

**[WORD]:** Andrew Sent: Tue 9/5/2017 3:28:49 PM Subject Re: where do guests buy washing machine cards? If they need cards it's best to have them contact me via email or text or talk to doorman and he will let me know. Thank you Andrew. Sent from my iPhone > On Sep 5, 2017, at 10:55 AM, rote: > HI Andrew—Can you please let me know how a guest in our apartment can purchase a washing machine card? I am being asked and I don't really know! > Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein EFTA_R1_00957612 EFTA02221197

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Andrew 
Sent: 
Tue 9/5/2017 3:28:49 PM 
Subject 
Re: where do guests buy washing machine cards? 
If they need cards it's best to have them contact me via email or text or talk to 
doorman and he will let me know. 
Thank you Andrew. 
Sent from my iPhone 
> On Sep 5, 2017, at 10:55 AM, 
rote: 
> HI Andrew—Can you please let me know how a guest in our apartment can purchase 
a washing machine card? I am being asked and I don't really know! 
> Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_00957612 
EFTA02221197

