# EFTA02399049

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|e:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Saturday, March 24, 2012 7:01 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: RE: not sure yet..probably morning Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sat, 24 Mar 2012 18:31:03 To: Subject: e: : what time fri .. mi

**[FULL]:** y Epstein Subject: Re: RE: not sure yet..probably morning Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sat, 24 Mar 2012 18:31:03 To: Subject: e: : what time fri .. mi ht want a ride =0A=0A=n Sat, Mar 24, 2012 at 7:22 PM, Eva Dubin <mailt wrote: =Please come and visit us in PB afterwards. =Our plane is going down empty from NY Friday morning if you want anyone to=come down.... =Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry - - Original Message =From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= > =

**[FULL]:** down.... =Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry - - Original Message =From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= > =Date: Sat, 24 Mar 2012 16:48:33 =To =Subject: Re: RE: =Paris =Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone = =On Mar 24, 2012, at 5:21 PM, "Eva Dubin " > wrote: => In Palm Beach. S0000 nice. Where are you? => Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry => => Original Message => From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m» => Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 15:10:28 => To: a Subject: Re: RE: => => Ok a Sorry for all t

**[FULL]:** nt from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry => => Original Message => From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m» => Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 15:10:28 => To: a Subject: Re: RE: => => Ok a Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone => => On Mar 20, 2012, at 3:51 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: r> I'm sorry we won't be able to - we have to go to Duke for a college tour=on March 31st. => => => => => a Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 13:43:54 +0100 => Subject: a From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> <mailto:jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:'eevacation mail.com» => T a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Saturday, March 24, 2012 7:01 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: RE: 
not sure yet..probably morning 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 24 Mar 2012 18:31:03 
To: 
Subject: e: 
: 
what time fri .. 
mi ht want a ride =0A=0A=n Sat, Mar 24, 2012 at 7:22 PM, Eva Dubin 
<mailt 
wrote: 
=Please come and visit us in PB afterwards. 
=Our plane is going down empty from NY Friday morning if you want anyone to=come down.... 
=Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry - - 
Original Message 
=From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= > 
=Date: Sat, 24 Mar 2012 16:48:33 
=To 
=Subject: Re: RE: 
=Paris 
=Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone = =On Mar 24, 2012, at 5:21 PM, "Eva Dubin " 
> wrote: 
=> In Palm Beach. S0000 nice. Where are you? 
=> Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry => => 
Original Message 
=> From: Jeffrey epstein 
<jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m» => Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 15:10:28 => To: 
a Subject: Re: RE: 
=> 
=> Ok 
a Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone => => On Mar 20, 2012, at 3:51 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
r> I'm sorry we won't be able to - we have to go to Duke for a college tour=on March 31st. => => => => => 
a Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 13:43:54 +0100 => Subject: 
a From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> <mailto:jeev=cation@gmail.com 
<mailto:'eevacation 
mail.com» => T 
a are you going to try to come to the island on 
sunday the 1st. or sat =he 31st. ??I am going to fly from europe straight there. 
EFTA_R1_01433774 
EFTA02399049

=> 
-> 
=> The information contained in this communication is => confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may => 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for => the use of the addressee. It is the property of a Jeffrey 
Epstein a Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this a communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited a 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this => communication in error, please notify us immediately by => return e-
mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeeyacation@=mail.com> <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> = and => destroy this communication and all copies thereof, a induding all 
attachments. copyright -all rights reserved = 
=0A=0A=-
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeeyacation@gma .com> , and =destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=nduding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"1> <IDOCTYPE plist PUBUC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1332615665</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195969</integen 
<key>original-mailbox<Aey> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/965BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<keynemote-id</key> 
<string>213268</string> 
</did> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01433775 
EFTA02399050

