# EFTA02440142

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Pete Briger|
|To|Pete Briger|
|Sent|Wednesday, Ju y|
|Subject|Meeting request|

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation&mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Wed 7/15/2009 4:38:35 PM Subject: FW: Meeting request Best, Glenn Original Messa•e From: Dubin, Glenn To: Pete Briger Sent: Wed Jul 15 11:47:18 2009 Subject: Meeting request Pete, can I organize a meeting for jeffrey epstein? He would like to have harry beller and darre

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation&mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Wed 7/15/2009 4:38:35 PM Subject: FW: Meeting request Best, Glenn Original Messa•e From: Dubin, Glenn To: Pete Briger Sent: Wed Jul 15 11:47:18 2009 Subject: Meeting request Pete, can I organize a meeting for jeffrey epstein? He would like to have harry beller and darren indyke from his family office come by to get clarity on the investment that he had with DBZ, that is now in the Fort

**[WORD]:** mate timeline for receiving the funds from the redemption request that he submitted in late 2006 ( that was not honored by Zwirn), as well as a general update on the portfolio. I appreciate your help with this. Thx, Glenn Original Messa e From: Pete Briger Sent: Wednesday, Ju y : PM To: Dubin, Glenn Cc: Marc Furstein; Denise Cox; Doug Cardoni Subject: Re: Meeting request Sure. Have them call my office to set up a time next week. Best, Pete This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. If you are not the intended reci

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation&mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: 
Wed 7/15/2009 4:38:35 PM 
Subject: 
FW: Meeting request 
Best, 
Glenn 
 
 Original Messa•e 
From: Dubin, Glenn 
To: Pete Briger 
Sent: Wed Jul 15 11:47:18 2009 
Subject: Meeting request 
Pete, can I organize a meeting for jeffrey epstein? He would like to have harry 
beller and darren indyke from his family office come by to get clarity on the 
investment that he had with DBZ, that is now in the Fortress Recovery Fund. As 
we discussed, he is most interested in an approximate timeline for receiving the 
funds from the redemption request that he submitted in late 2006 ( that was not 
honored by Zwirn), as well as a general update on the portfolio. I appreciate 
your help with this. Thx, 
Glenn 
 
Original Messa e 
From: Pete Briger 
Sent: Wednesday, Ju y 
: 
PM 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Cc: Marc Furstein; Denise Cox; Doug Cardoni 
Subject: Re: Meeting request 
Sure. Have them call my office to set up a time next week. Best, Pete 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may 
contain confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you are 
hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail 
and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and delete 
the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01513999 
EFTA02440142

