# EFTA00031299 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** l=
- **To:** =I
- **Sent:** Monday, November 29, 2021 12:33 PM
- **Subject:** (EXTERNAL) FBI Still Needing Tips Regarding Jeffrey Epstein / Ghislaine Maxwell?

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Original Message From: l= Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 12:33 PM To: =I (USANYS) <E M> Subject: (EXTERNAL) FBI Still Needing Tips Regarding Jeffrey Epstein / Ghislaine Maxwell? Dear Ms. MI I feel Jeffrey Epstein &/or Ghislaine Maxwell reached out tome, in July 2019, (around the time he was apprehended) via Seeking Arrangements (probably just "Seeking" these days.) It was a brief communication out of Palm Beach, but it was right to the point. The person/people wanted

### Match 2
> Original Message From: l= Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 12:33 PM To: =I (USANYS) <E M> Subject: (EXTERNAL) FBI Still Needing Tips Regarding Jeffrey Epstein / Ghislaine Maxwell? Dear Ms. MI I feel Jeffrey Epstein &/or Ghislaine Maxwell reached out tome, in July 2019, (around the time he was apprehended) via Seeking Arrangements (probably just "Seeking" these days.) It was a brief communication out of Palm Beach, but it was right to the point. The person/people wanted me to be a recruiter and they basically wanted to know if it

### Match 3
> Original Message From: l= Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 12:33 PM To: =I (USANYS) <E M> Subject: (EXTERNAL) FBI Still Needing Tips Regarding Jeffrey Epstein / Ghislaine Maxwell? Dear Ms. MI I feel Jeffrey Epstein &/or Ghislaine Maxwell reached out tome, in July 2019, (around the time he was apprehended) via Seeking Arrangements (probably just "Seeking" these days.) It was a brief communication out of Palm Beach, but it was right to the point. The person/people

### Match 4
> Original Message From: l= Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 12:33 PM To: =I (USANYS) <E M> Subject: (EXTERNAL) FBI Still Needing Tips Regarding Jeffrey Epstein / Ghislaine Maxwell? Dear Ms. MI I feel Jeffrey Epstein &/or Ghislaine Maxwell reached out tome, in July 2019, (around the time he was apprehended) via Seeking Arrangements (probably just "Seeking" these days.) It was a brief communication out of Palm Beach, but it was right to the point. The person/people wanted me to be a recruiter and they basically wanted to kno

### Match 5
> med appealing to go out partying and "bring home girls to Daddy." This notion seemed wholly cringeworthy with ick-factor and I don't think I replied in any fashion. It may be worth the while for the FBI to subpoena Seeking Arrangements' records out of Palm Beach. I feel extremely confident that Maxwell &/or Epstein were actively using this platform for recruiting. I think they were attracted to me, because my profile pics looked like her...we could pass for family. From what you know, is this tidbit important? Does the FBI know about the Seeking Arrangement connection? Should I be conveying th
