# EFTA02590729

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: media lab, joi ito

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, October 16, 2014 5:57 PM To: Joi Ito Subject: Re: This is separate 2 mil from bill gates On Thursda=, October 16, 2014, Joi Ito > wrote: Does Larry work=for Leon? On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:20 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation=gmail.com <javascript:;> wrote: > Joi- Larry, Larry joi - joi party would like to coordinate a gift please note > The information contained in this communication is

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, October 16, 2014 5:57 PM 
To: 
Joi Ito 
Subject: 
Re: 
This is separate 2 mil from bill gates 
On Thursda=, October 16, 2014, Joi Ito 
> wrote: 
Does Larry work=for Leon? 
On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:20 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation=gmail.com <javascript:;> wrote: 
> Joi- Larry, Larry joi - joi party would like to coordinate a gift 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.c=m <javascript:2 , and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Please use this email for confidential mail only. For general Media Lab ema=l, please use 
cjavascript:;> 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addresse=. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying =f this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and =ay be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
EFTA_R1_01772904 
EFTA02590729

jeevacation@gmail.com, andar>destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all atta=hments. copyright 
-all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01772905 
EFTA02590730

