# EFTA02414311

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, dinner

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Lesley Groff|
|Sent|Sunday, November 28, 2010 10:00 AM|
|Subject|Re: Bill Gates|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey E tein eevacation malloom Cc: Lyn Fontanilla ojo ontani a ; is Bamett From: Lesley Groff Sent Sun 11/28/2010 3:01:46 PM Subject RE: Bill Gates ok, great. thanks From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2010 10:00 AM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Re: Bill Gates 6 th now.. girls should be form 5-7 gates from 7- On Sun, Nov 28, 2010 at 10:57 AM, Lesley Groff wrote: I have in my calendar to remind yo

**[FULL]:** tein eevacation malloom Cc: Lyn Fontanilla ojo ontani a ; is Bamett From: Lesley Groff Sent Sun 11/28/2010 3:01:46 PM Subject RE: Bill Gates ok, great. thanks From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2010 10:00 AM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Re: Bill Gates 6 th now.. girls should be form 5-7 gates from 7- On Sun, Nov 28, 2010 at 10:57 AM, Lesley Groff wrote: I have in my calendar to remind you Bill Gates for dinner Sunday Dec. 5th...but last week you said you had Bill Gates on Dcc. 6th (same night as the BBB Gathering) ...possibly you changed the

**[FULL]:** ok, great. thanks From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2010 10:00 AM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Re: Bill Gates 6 th now.. girls should be form 5-7 gates from 7- On Sun, Nov 28, 2010 at 10:57 AM, Lesley Groff wrote: I have in my calendar to remind you Bill Gates for dinner Sunday Dec. 5th...but last week you said you had Bill Gates on Dcc. 6th (same night as the BBB Gathering) ...possibly you changed the date to the 6th from the 5th? (just want to make sure we have it correct) *********************************************************** The information

**[FULL]:** Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2010 10:00 AM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Re: Bill Gates 6 th now.. girls should be form 5-7 gates from 7- On Sun, Nov 28, 2010 at 10:57 AM, Lesley Groff wrote: I have in my calendar to remind you Bill Gates for dinner Sunday Dec. 5th...but last week you said you had Bill Gates on Dcc. 6th (same night as the BBB Gathering) ...possibly you changed the date to the 6th from the 5th? (just want to make sure we have it correct) *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey E tein eevacation 
malloom 
Cc: 
Lyn 
Fontanilla 
ojo ontani a 
; is 
Bamett 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Sun 11/28/2010 3:01:46 PM 
Subject RE: Bill Gates 
ok, great. thanks 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2010 10:00 AM 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Bill Gates 
6 th now.. girls should be form 5-7 gates from 7-
On Sun, Nov 28, 2010 at 10:57 AM, Lesley Groff
 wrote: 
I have in my calendar to remind you Bill Gates for dinner Sunday Dec. 5th...but last week you said 
you had Bill Gates on Dcc. 6th (same night as the BBB Gathering) ...possibly you changed the 
date to the 6th from the 5th? (just want to make sure we have it correct) 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01477257 
EFTA02414311

