# EFTA02338737

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: > Sent: Wednesday, February 22, 2017 4:09 PM To: Eva Dubin; jeffrey E. Subject: Re: That's what I assumed...interesting....do they know anything about=him? Race, age, etc? On Wed, Feb =2, 2017 at 11:07 AM jeffrey E. «mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com=>jeevacation@gmail.comga» wrote:<br></div><blockquote class=> i spoke with Brian yesterday and he said the=

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, February 22, 2017 4:09 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin; jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
That's what I assumed...interesting....do they know anything about=him? Race, age, etc? 
On Wed, Feb =2, 2017 at 11:07 AM jeffrey E. «mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com=>jeevacation@gmail.comga» 
wrote:<br></div><blockquote class=> i spoke with Brian yesterday and he said the= tried to arrest suspect who lives a 
few blocks away on Friday but he went on the run monday suspect turned himself in and will be faced with at least 3 
felonies. i asked if bail would come into play and he did not know as suspect currently has a record. 
Brian will come back =o me today or tomorrow 
</=iv> 
regarding wallet brian implied that suspect di=carded that on day of robbery as he was fleeing the scene.. 
please note 
The information contained in t=is communication is confidential, may be attorney-c=ient privileged, may constitute 
inside information,=and is intended only for the use of the addressee. =t is the property of JEE Una=thorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communi=ation or any part thereof is strictly prohibited an= may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communi=ation in error, please notify us immediately by ret=rn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
1 
EFTA_R1_01301291 
EFTA02338737

