# EFTA02226023

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** everyone, B wrote: Sorry for the delay! Yes please my apartment needs it too I have been fighting with bags for I while! Sincerely, On Mon, Oct 2, 2017 at 10:13 AM wrote: Thanks Les, Cesar is fantastic!! Sent from my iPhone On Oct 2, 2017, at 10:03 AM, Lesley Groff ca> wrote: ok great. Andrew answered me back with the below info...Merwin (or one of our people) will go around with the exterminator to let him in...so don't waf i you are not home...They will start around , advise if you would like your , apartments done as well. I know you had yours done recently! thanks Cesar goes

**[WORD]:** hanks Cesar goes with the exterminator to each apt. I can have him contact Merwin Wednesday morning around 1030 and they can do the Epstein Pats first. All chemical they use are both pet and kid friendly. The occupants don't need to vacate. Let me know if you have any other questions. Thanks. Andrew. Sent from my iPhone On Oct 2 2017 at 9:45 AM, wrote: Les I would like to have mine 10F done as well EFTA_R1_00969442 EFTA02226023 On Sun, Oct I, 2017 at 10:50 PM Ka a Shuliak wrote: Hi Lesley, I would like to have mine sprayed as well please. Merwin, do you know if it is dangerous for

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Fran: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Mon 10/2/2017 2:18:10 PM 
Subject Re: Exterminator to come to Apartments Wed. Oct. 4 
yuk! I will add you to the list! 
On Oct 2, 2017, at 10:14 AM, 
Good morning everyone, 
B 
wrote: 
Sorry for the delay! Yes please my apartment needs it too I have been fighting with bags 
for I while! 
Sincerely, 
On Mon, Oct 2, 2017 at 10:13 AM 
wrote: 
Thanks Les, Cesar is fantastic!! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 2, 2017, at 10:03 AM, Lesley Groff ca> 
wrote: 
ok great. Andrew answered me back with the below info...Merwin 
(or one of our people) will go around with the exterminator to let 
him in...so don't waf i 
you are not home...They will start around 
,
advise if you would like your 
,
apartments done as well. 
I know you had yours done 
recently! thanks 
Cesar goes with the exterminator to each apt. I can have him 
contact Merwin Wednesday morning around 1030 and they can do 
the Epstein Pats first. All chemical they use are both pet and kid 
friendly. The occupants don't need to vacate. Let me know if you 
have any other questions. 
Thanks. Andrew. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 2 2017 at 9:45 AM, 
wrote: 
Les I would like to have mine 10F done as well 
EFTA_R1_00969442 
EFTA02226023

On Sun, Oct I, 2017 at 10:50 PM Ka 
a Shuliak 
wrote: 
Hi Lesley, 
I would like to have mine sprayed as well please. Merwin, do you know if it is 
dangerous for cats, just wonder if I need to move them 
while the aaartment is being sprayed? 
FYI: just came in to 3M to bring I few things and saw baby roaches in the 
bathroom and bedroom... 
> On Sep 
2017, at 12:32 PM, Lesley Groff •r
> 
wrote: 
> An exterminator will be coming to the apartments on Wed. Oct. 
4th...please let me know if you wish to have him visit 
your apartment...he will spray for roaches/bugs... 
> We will have Mcrwin (Sonam or Leo?) go with the exterminator to each 
apartment and let him in so we will not need to give out 
your code. 
> Please get back to me as soon as you can. thanks, Lesley 
Sincerely 
EFTA_R1_00989443 
EFTA02226024

