# EFTA00015963 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Jack Scarola <
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, July 16, 2020 10:37
- **Subject:** Re:

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> of . Had been with but Epstein Palm Beach residence. knew and a going over to Epstein house. (In past drove and her to dealings with I have found him to be less than fully cooperative and less than completely reliable) ex boyfriend, drove over to Epstein house once or twice in beginning Ghislaine Maxwell- met about 10 times at Epstein. Saw nude photos of Ghislaine took her there 1 time, stayed outside of room while with Epstein went with her several times to Epstein house Called arran ements. Acted like secretary thinks she saw her there Some older man came over to E stein's house an many

### Match 2
> of . Had been with but Epstein Palm Beach residence. knew and a going over to Epstein house. (In past drove and her to dealings with I have found him to be less than fully cooperative and less than completely reliable) ex boyfriend, drove over to Epstein house once or twice in beginning Ghislaine Maxwell- met about 10 times at Epstein. Saw nude photos of Ghislaine took her there 1 time, stayed outside of room while with Epstein went with her several times to Epstein house Called arran ements. Acted like secretary thinks she saw her there Some older man came over to E stein's house a

### Match 3
> going over to Epstein house. (In past drove and her to dealings with I have found him to be less than fully cooperative and less than completely reliable) ex boyfriend, drove over to Epstein house once or twice in beginning Ghislaine Maxwell- met about 10 times at Epstein. Saw nude photos of Ghislaine took her there 1 time, stayed outside of room while with Epstein went with her several times to Epstein house Called arran ements. Acted like secretary thinks she saw her there Some older man came over to E stein's house an many times to make appointments and . 2 times Epstein 1 time whi
