# EFTA02417055

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeevacation <jtevacationaligmail.eom>|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|Thu Nov 04 09:45:36 2010|
|Subject|Re: RE:|

---

**[FULL]:** u dhabi Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Nov 4, 2010, at 10:09 AM, "The Duke" wrote: I will call you later this evening after I have had my chat with my Libyan contact to see what we can arrange for you in Tripoli. About 1900 your time. EFTA_R1_01481750 EFTA02417055 HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] Sent: 03 November 2010 16:39 To: The Duke Subject: I would like to talk to you about vacation nov 29- dec5.. would you like to have a private screening of the movie the Kings Speech. we could invite some " interesting " people. I want t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcompeevacationagmail.comi 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent 
Thur 11/4/2010 11:45:53 PM 
Subject: Re: Re: RE: 
Tried to ring but left message. No joy through the hotel! 
Libya fixed. Call me whenever. 
A 
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmall.com> 
To: The Duke 
Sent: Thu Nov 04 18:25:44 2010 
Subject: Re: Re: RE: 
I should be up try cell tonight 
abudhabi 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 4, 2010, at 1:57 PM, "The Duke" ffi
 wrote: 
Ah. In that case I'll ring in the morning rather than tonight! 
No typo's seen! 
A 
From: Jeevacation <jtevacationaligmail.eom>
To: The Duke 
Sent: Thu Nov 04 09:45:36 2010 
Subject: Re: RE: 
I am in Abu dhabi 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 4, 2010, at 10:09 AM, "The Duke" 
wrote: 
I will call you later this evening after I have had my chat 
with my Libyan contact to see what we can arrange for you 
in Tripoli. 
About 1900 your time. 
EFTA_R1_01481750 
EFTA02417055

HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Sent: 03 November 2010 16:39 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
I would like to talk to you about vacation nov 29- dec5.. would you like to have a 
private screening of the movie the Kings Speech. we could invite 
some " interesting " people. I want to talk about david and Tim 
collins. , my up and coming abu dhabi trip. etc in om 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@amail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01481751 
EFTA02417056

