# EFTA00018382 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com>
- **To:** Nathan NYSD Chambers
- **Sent:** Tuesday, March 16, 2021 6:34 PM
- **Subject:** U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) submission under seal

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To:' (USANYS)" < IMES> Subject: FW: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) submission under seal Date: Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:49:45 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell_Cover_Letter_3-16-21.pdf From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 16, 2021 6:34 PM To: Nathan NYSD Chambers Cc: I < >; (USANYS) ; Christian Everdell <CEverdell@CohenG

### Match 2
> tter_3-16-21.pdf From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 16, 2021 6:34 PM To: Nathan NYSD Chambers Cc: I < >; (USANYS) ; Christian Everdell <CEverdell@CohenGresser.com>; Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>, Jeff Pagliuca ipagliuca@hmflaw.com> Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) submission under seal ) Good evening- As set forth in the attached cover letter (to be filed via ECF) and pursuant to Rule 2(8) of the Court's individual rules, attached for the Court and government is an unredacted version of the Reply Memorandum In Support of Ms. Maxwell's p

### Match 3
> From: To:' (USANYS)" < IMES> Subject: FW: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) submission under seal Date: Tue, 16 Mar 2021 22:49:45 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell_Cover_Letter_3-16-21.pdf From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 16, 2021 6:34 PM To: Nathan NYSD Chambers Cc: I < >; (USANYS) ; Christian Everdell <CEverdel

### Match 4
> tter_3-16-21.pdf From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM <bcsternheim@mac.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 16, 2021 6:34 PM To: Nathan NYSD Chambers Cc: I < >; (USANYS) ; Christian Everdell <CEverdell@CohenGresser.com>; Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>, Jeff Pagliuca ipagliuca@hmflaw.com> Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) submission under seal ) Good evening- As set forth in the attached cover letter (to be filed via ECF) and pursuant to Rule 2(8) of the Court's individual rules, attached for the Court and government is an unredacted version of the Reply Memorandum In Support of Ms. Max

### Match 5
> islaine Maxwell 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) submission under seal ) Good evening- As set forth in the attached cover letter (to be filed via ECF) and pursuant to Rule 2(8) of the Court's individual rules, attached for the Court and government is an unredacted version of the Reply Memorandum In Support of Ms. Maxwell's pending bail application. Thank you. Best- Bobbi BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor New York, NY 10011 Main: 212-243-1100 Cell: 917-912-9698 Fax: 888-587-4737 bcstemheim@mac.com "Covid-19 Notice: The West 19th Street office is cur
