# EFTA02483351

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Eva Dubin|
|To|Sonia Jones|
|Sent||
|Subject|<no subject>|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, October 20, 2015 3:15 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: Re: Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Sonia Jones C Date: October 19, 2015 at 10:33:12 PM EDT To: Eva Dubin O> > Subject: Re: Pete will take care of him. I talked to him today and he is on it!!

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, October 20, 2015 3:15 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: Re: Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Sonia Jones C Date: October 19, 2015 at 10:33:12 PM EDT To: Eva Dubin O> > Subject: Re: Pete will take care of him. I talked to him today and he is on it!! Love you, sonia From: Eva Dubin Date: Monday, October 19, 2015 at 11:58 AM To: Sonia Jones Subject: <no subject> Hi Sonia, Jeffrey has a lot of back pain. I really would like for him to see Peter. Does Pe

**[FULL]:** er 20, 2015 3:15 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: Re: Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Sonia Jones C Date: October 19, 2015 at 10:33:12 PM EDT To: Eva Dubin O> > Subject: Re: Pete will take care of him. I talked to him today and he is on it!! Love you, sonia From: Eva Dubin Date: Monday, October 19, 2015 at 11:58 AM To: Sonia Jones Subject: <no subject> Hi Sonia, Jeffrey has a lot of back pain. I really would like for him to see Peter. Does Peter see patients down in Palm Beach? I emailed him this morning but wanted to email you as well in case I don't hear from

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Tuesday, October 20, 2015 3:15 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: Re: 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Sonia Jones C 
Date: October 19, 2015 at 10:33:12 PM EDT 
To: Eva Dubin O> 
> 
Subject: Re: 
Pete will take care of him. I talked to him today and he is on it!! Love you, sonia 
From: Eva Dubin 
Date: Monday, October 19, 2015 at 11:58 AM 
To: Sonia Jones 
Subject: <no subject> 
Hi Sonia, 
Jeffrey has a lot of back pain. I really would like for him to see Peter. Does Peter see patients down in Palm 
Beach? I emailed him this morning but wanted to email you as well in case I don't hear from him. 
EFTA_R1_01600471 
EFTA02483351

