# EFTA02304287

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: joi ito

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: Thursday, Janu , . To: Cc: Lesley Groff Subject: Re: Sweatshirts Jeffrey confirmed that he wants to make sweatshirts for Boris. And he also a=ked to make them for Bill Gates as well please. Sent from my iPhone > On Jan 2, 2014, at 9:19 AM, > wrote:=> It wasn't me who did it for Leon. I will have to ask sarah the specifics o=ce she has landed in Hong Kong. > Sent from my iPhone » On Jan 2, 2014, at 8:21 AM, > wro=e: » Hi » Jeffrey wants you to order sweatshirts

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Thursday, Janu 
, 
. 
To: 
Cc: 
Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Re: Sweatshirts 
Jeffrey confirmed that he wants to make sweatshirts for Boris. And he also a=ked to make them for Bill Gates as well 
please. 
Sent from my iPhone 
> On Jan 2, 2014, at 9:19 AM, 
> wrote:=> It wasn't me who did it for Leon. I will have to ask sarah the specifics o=ce she has landed in Hong Kong. 
> Sent from my iPhone 
» On Jan 2, 2014, at 8:21 AM, 
> wro=e: 
» Hi 
» Jeffrey wants you to order sweatshirts with American flag like you did fo= Leon, but this time for Joi Ito, Reid Hoffman 
and also he asked if you had=any made for Boris before, if not he wants it for him as well. He wants 4 s=eatshirts to be 
made for each person (2 with partial zipper, 2 with full). 1= terms of color he said dark blue or black. Here is the list of 
sizes he ga=e me: 
» Joi Ito: Medium 
» Reid Hoffman: XXL 
» Boris (if needed): XL 
» Thank you. 
» Sent from my iPhone 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>33479</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1388678530</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8623750145</integer> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>4007</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01176824 
EFTA02304287

