# EFTA02714131

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Atlas, Andrew 5" <|
|To|"Richard Kahn (|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** ubject: Fwd: New Issue $25 Par: The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE: SCHW) 6.00 % - 6.125% Attachments: Untitled attachment 00182.pdf; Untitled attachment 00185.htm Please advise if you are interested an= if so how much. Thank you. Sent from m= iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: "Atlas, Andrew 5" < Date:<=b> July 27, 2015 at 11:52:33 AM EDT To: "Richard Kahn ( Subje=t: New Issue $25 Par: The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE: SCHW) 6.=0 %- 6.125% $25 Par New Issue Syndic=te Offering: The Charles Schwab Corpo=ation (SCHW) Issuer: The Charles Schwab Corporat=on (Ticker: SCHW) Securi

**[WORD]:** from sweep money ma=ket funds into Schwab Bank, which may be subject to notice and/or approvals from regulators and clients. 2 EFTA_R1_02138978 EFTA02714132 DRO/QDI Eligible:=/b> Yes Subject to US Tax Withho=ding for NRA Clients: Yes'</=> Listing: NYSE Expected Timing: Today's business Andrew S. Atlas 3 EFTA_R1_02138979 EFTA02714133 Financial Advisor</=:p> Equity Sales/Middle=Markets Group Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan Complex 1290 Avenue of the Americas,=12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 Tel/Direct: <mailto =Fax: cont face="Arial" size="2">Important Notic

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn < 
Sent: 
Monday, July 27, 2015 4:20 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: New Issue $25 Par: The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE: SCHW) 6.00 % -
6.125% 
Attachments: 
Untitled attachment 00182.pdf; Untitled attachment 00185.htm 
Please advise if you are interested an= if so how much. 
Thank you. 
Sent from m= iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Atlas, Andrew 5" < 
Date:<=b> July 27, 2015 at 11:52:33 AM EDT 
To: "Richard Kahn ( 
Subje=t: New Issue $25 Par: The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE: SCHW) 6.=0 %- 6.125% 
$25 Par New Issue Syndic=te Offering: 
The Charles Schwab Corpo=ation (SCHW) 
Issuer: 
The Charles Schwab Corporat=on (Ticker: SCHW) 
Securities Offered: 
Series C Non-Cumulative Dep=sitary Shares 
Size: 
$250mm (10mm shares)</=:p> 
Expected Ratings:=/b> 
Baa2/BBB/BB+ (S/S/S)<R:p> 
> > 
EFTA_R1_02138977 
EFTA02714131

Format: 
SEC Registered</=pan> 
Maturity 
Perpetual=/p> 
Price Talk: 
6.0-6.125%; Fixed for L=fe 
Offer Price:<=pan style="font-size:11.0pt;font-family:"Calibri","sans-se=if";colorttlF497D"> 
$25.00 per depositary share=o:p> 
=/b> 
Dividends: 
Payable quarterly, in arrea=s, on March 1, June 1, September 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning o= 
December 1, 2015. 
Optional Redemption: 
1) in whole or in par=, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after I =J, 2020. 
2) in whole but not in part= at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event.=*See Red 
Use of Proceeds:<=b> 
To support balance sheet gr=wth, including the migration of certain client balances from sweep money ma=ket 
funds into Schwab Bank, which may be subject to notice and/or approvals from regulators and clients. 
2 
EFTA_R1_02138978 
EFTA02714132

DRO/QDI Eligible:=/b> 
Yes 
Subject to US Tax Withho=ding for NRA Clients: 
Yes'</=> 
Listing: 
NYSE Expected 
Timing: 
Today's business 
Andrew S. Atlas 
3 
EFTA_R1_02138979 
EFTA02714133

Financial Advisor</=:p> 
Equity Sales/Middle=Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan Complex 
1290 Avenue of the Americas,=12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 
Tel/Direct: 
<mailto 
=Fax: 
cont face="Arial" size="2">Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sal= of any security or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instru=tions provided in e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this e-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney ILC&=bsp; ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
received this communication in error, p=ease destroy all electronic and paper copies and notify the sender immediat=ly. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to waive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserv=s the right, to the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor elect=onic communications. This message is subject to terms 
available at the foll=wing link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html 
<http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.ht=l> . If you cannot access this link, please notify us by reply 
message and we wi=l send the contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley you cons=nt to the foregoing. 
=/html>= 
4 
EFTA_R1_02138980 
EFTA02714134

