# EFTA00016941 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 7

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesda December 31 2019 12:56 PM
- **Subject:** Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ts from USAA and Maxwell has an account. Can we get a subpoena and NDO for n Looks like she has made quite a few transactions from there and we'd like to see where her packages are going right now. The credit card she was using for purchases is under the name Ghislaine Borgerson. Identifiers: Ghislaine Maxwell and/or Ghislaine Borgerson Thanks, EFTA00016941

### Match 2
> ount Hey all, We received statements from USAA and Maxwell has an account. Can we get a subpoena and NDO for n Looks like she has made quite a few transactions from there and we'd like to see where her packages are going right now. The credit card she was using for purchases is under the name Ghislaine Borgerson. Identifiers: Ghislaine Maxwell and/or Ghislaine Borgerson Thanks, EFTA00016941

### Match 3
> has an account. Can we get a subpoena and NDO for n Looks like she has made quite a few transactions from there and we'd like to see where her packages are going right now. The credit card she was using for purchases is under the name Ghislaine Borgerson. Identifiers: Ghislaine Maxwell and/or Ghislaine Borgerson Thanks, EFTA00016941

### Match 4
> From: " III=MM=IIM > To: " It I, II Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell account Date: Tue, 31 Dec 2019 18:57:51 +0000 No problem -- just sent an application off to court. It should come back by the end of the week. Ori inal Messa e From: Sent: Tuesda December 31 2019 12:56 PM To: Cc: Subject: Maxwell account Hey all, We received statements from USAA and M

### Match 5
> From: " III=MM=IIM > To: " It I, II Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell account Date: Tue, 31 Dec 2019 18:57:51 +0000 No problem -- just sent an application off to court. It should come back by the end of the week. Ori inal Messa e From: Sent: Tuesda December 31 2019 12:56 PM To: Cc: Subject: Maxwell account Hey all, We received statements from USAA and Maxwell has an account. Can we get a subpoena and NDO for n Looks like she has made quite a few transactions from there and we'd like to see where her packages are going right now. The credit card she was using for purchases is under the

### Match 6
> l account Date: Tue, 31 Dec 2019 18:57:51 +0000 No problem -- just sent an application off to court. It should come back by the end of the week. Ori inal Messa e From: Sent: Tuesda December 31 2019 12:56 PM To: Cc: Subject: Maxwell account Hey all, We received statements from USAA and Maxwell has an account. Can we get a subpoena and NDO for n Looks like she has made quite a few transactions from there and we'd like to see where her packages are going right now. The credit card she was using for purchases is under the name Ghislaine Borgerson. Identifiers: Ghislaine Maxwell and/or
