# EFTA02513600

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Jeffrey E."|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, January 10, 2015 2:54 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: how you holding up? On Sat, Jan 10, 2015 at 10:37 AM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: Front page of London times today Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:10/01/2015 19:35 (GMT+07:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: sorry, ignore it, is the only sugges

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, January 10, 2015 2:54 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: how you holding up? On Sat, Jan 10, 2015 at 10:37 AM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: Front page of London times today Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:10/01/2015 19:35 (GMT+07:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: sorry, ignore it, is the only suggestion, =AO but i am pained by them bringing you in again sorry sorry please note The i

**[FULL]:** Sent: Saturday, January 10, 2015 2:54 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: how you holding up? On Sat, Jan 10, 2015 at 10:37 AM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: Front page of London times today Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:10/01/2015 19:35 (GMT+07:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: sorry, ignore it, is the only suggestion, =AO but i am pained by them bringing you in again sorry sorry please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use o

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, January 10, 2015 2:54 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
how you holding up? 
On Sat, Jan 10, 2015 at 10:37 AM, Jean Luc Brunel 
wrote: 
Front page of London times today 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
 Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:10/01/2015 19:35 (GMT+07:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
sorry, ignore it, is the only suggestion, =AO but i am pained by them bringing you in again sorry sorry 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
EFTA_R1_01646822 
EFTA02513600

jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01646823 
EFTA02513601

