# EFTA02448074

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: mit, meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** he likes of Blac=Rock and others but I thought you might have some ideas. Maybe some people=to talk to? I would think its more than cutting=down on yachts and private planes or selling real estate in Paris, Istanbu=, London. Any thoughts? =br> PS: does my story on Abraaj get me a meeting with Gates nex= time he is in town:) Landon Thomas, Jr. Financial Reporter New York Times font face="verdana, sans-serif' color="#0000ff">2 http://topics.nytimes.comitop/referenceitimestopics=people/t/landon_jr_thomas/index.html chttp://topics.=ytimes.comitop/reference/timestopics/people/t/landon_jr_tho

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Thomas Jr., Landon < 
Sent: 
Monday, October 17, 2016 10:08 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: Saudi money 
well, next time. any thoughts on Saudis? 
=/div> 
On Mon, Oct=17, 2016 at 6:06 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:je=vacation@gmail.com»=wrote: 
Shame you didn't ask yesterda= 
On Monday, 17 October 2016, Thomas Jr., Landon =lt 
<mailto 
wrote: 
> > 
I have been called in to help on a big NYT investigation into how low oi= prices have been effecting the 
personal finances of royal family in Saudi=Arabia. Obviously they called in much of their cash from the likes of Blac=Rock 
and others but I thought you might have some ideas. Maybe some people=to talk to? 
I would think its more than cutting=down on yachts and private planes or selling real estate in Paris, 
Istanbu=, London. 
Any thoughts? 
=br> 
PS: does my story on Abraaj get me a meeting with Gates nex= time he is in town:) 
Landon Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Reporter 
New York Times 
font face="verdana, sans-serif' color="#0000ff">2 
http://topics.nytimes.comitop/referenceitimestopics=people/t/landon_jr_thomas/index.html 
chttp://topics.=ytimes.comitop/reference/timestopics/people/t/landon_jr_thomas/index.html> 
=C2* please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is 
EFTA_R1_01545422 
EFTA02448074

confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constit=te inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addresse=. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying =f this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and =ay be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, andar>destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof, 
including all atta=hments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Landon Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Report=r 
Ne= York Times 
http://topics.nyti mes=comitopireference/timestopics/people/t/landon_jr_thomas/index.htm I 
<http://topics.nytimes.com/topireferenceitimestopics/pe=ple/t/landon_jr_thomas/index.html> 
=/font> 
=/font> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01545423 
EFTA02448075

