# EFTA00025196 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 8

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** I
- **Sent:** Tuesday, March 9, 2021 3:57 PM
- **Subject:** FW: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' To: leMElle." (USANYS)" Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Date: Tue, 09 Mar 2021 21:01:56 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.jpg Thanks—I think it would help to even more expressly note that the document is not comprehensive (for example, this spreadsheet doesn't list the

### Match 2
> esy, I have asked the FBI whether it would be possible to provide us with a similar excel index reflecting the physical evidence seized by the FBI's New York Office, though it may take some time to complete such an index. Best, From: Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 3:57 PM To:I Subject: FW: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes ) (USANYS) Proposed response below. Good with you? To my knowledge, that is the only excel spreadsheet in our possession that indexes physical evidence related to this case. The discovery productions also incl

### Match 3
> ng hmflaw.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 3:44 PM To: ) <->, (USANYS} .> Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) EFTA00025196 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; %CHIEN C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Thank you. Is that the only index of physical evidence available? Laura A. Menninger I Partner Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 +1 303 831 7364 (Office) Imenninger@hmflaw.c

### Match 4
> : Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 1:38 PM To: Laura Menninger <ImenningerL@hmflaw.com> (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>•13O881C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Counsel, In advance of our call tomorrow, I wanted to send a copy of the attached index of physical items in FBI custody from the FBI-Miami office, which we previously produced to you as part of our August 21, 2

### Match 5
> Tuesday, March 9, 2021 2:03 PM To: 'Laura Menninger' <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>• al›; (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdellPcohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BONI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Yes, that works for us, thank you very much. We can use the below dial-in: Dial-in: Code: EFTA00025197 Best, From: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 11:19 AM To: ) 4. );

### Match 6
> enninger@hmflaw.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 11:19 AM To: ) 4. ); ) sca; (USANYS)< > Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>. Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengressercom>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Good morning, We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please suggest another later time if not. Thank you, Laura Laura A. Henninger I Partn

### Match 7
> m: Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 8:36 AM To: Laura Menninger <ImenningeSimflaw.com>. (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>. Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) ceverdell@cohengresseccom>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Good morning, It would be helpful to have a call to discuss the requests contained in this letter. Are there times tomorrow when you would be available to speak, please? Thank you, Assistant United States Atto

### Match 8
> nning @hmflaw.com> Sent: Monday, March 8, 2021 2:03 PM EFTA00025198 To: > -)sc l>% (USANYS) .> Cc: Jeff Pagliuca ipagliucaahmflaw.com>. Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) ceverdell@cohengresseccom>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Counsel — Please see attached correspondence. -Laura Laura A. Menninger Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 Main 303.831.7364 FX 303.832.2628 Imenninger@hmflaw.com
