# EFTA00018731 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesda
- **Subject:** Epstein/Maxwell briefing

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Cc: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell briefing Date: Wed, 10 Mar 2021 23:53:34 +0000 Attachments: 2020-08- 13,_GMJetter to_Judge_Nathan_re_victim_names_and_prison_privileges,_final.docx Yep, attached. Original Message From: Sent: Wednesda To: Cc: Subject: Epstein/Maxwell briefing Hey, March 10 2021 6:31 PM Would you mind

### Match 2
> From: To: Cc: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell briefing Date: Wed, 10 Mar 2021 23:53:34 +0000 Attachments: 2020-08- 13,_GMJetter to_Judge_Nathan_re_victim_names_and_prison_privileges,_final.docx Yep, attached. Original Message From: Sent: Wednesda To: Cc: Subject: Epstein/Maxwell briefing Hey, March 10 2021 6:31 PM Would you mind sending us the briefing you guys did on not identifying the victims early in Epstein/ Maxwell? The Justice Dept in Canada is requesting a "publication ban" which would stop defense counsel from identifying victims in the extradition case and a

### Match 3
> o_Judge_Nathan_re_victim_names_and_prison_privileges,_final.docx Yep, attached. Original Message From: Sent: Wednesda To: Cc: Subject: Epstein/Maxwell briefing Hey, March 10 2021 6:31 PM Would you mind sending us the briefing you guys did on not identifying the victims early in Epstein/ Maxwell? The Justice Dept in Canada is requesting a "publication ban" which would stop defense counsel from identifying victims in the extradition case and asked us for a letter. Obviously the posture is different but it would be helpful to see what you highlighted. Thanks! EFTA00018731
