# EFTA02714849

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Atlas, Andrew S"|
|To|"Richard Ka|
|Sent||
|Subject|Launched: $600mm Charles Schwab $25 par Pfd at 6.0%|

---

**[WORD]:** stein Subject: Fwd: Launched: $600mm Charles Schwab $25 par Pfd at 6.0% Attachments: Untitled attachment 00398.pdf; Untitled attachment 00401.htm Deal was oversubscribed and we got filled on 1mm not the 2mm requested. Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. Begin forwarded message: From: "Atlas, Andrew S" Date: July 27, 2015 at 3:37:00 PM EDT To: "Richard Ka all Subject: Launched: $600mm Charles Schwab $25 par Pfd at 6.0% Rich, Southern Trust Company was allocated $1,000,000.00 worth of the SCHW 6% $25 Pfd. Thanks again, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas Financial Advisor EFTA_R1_02142634 EFTA027

**[WORD]:** HBRK Associates Inc. Begin forwarded message: From: "Atlas, Andrew S" Date: July 27, 2015 at 3:37:00 PM EDT To: "Richard Ka all Subject: Launched: $600mm Charles Schwab $25 par Pfd at 6.0% Rich, Southern Trust Company was allocated $1,000,000.00 worth of the SCHW 6% $25 Pfd. Thanks again, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas Financial Advisor EFTA_R1_02142634 EFTA02714849 Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan Complex 1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not use email to request, aut

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn < 
Sent: 
Monday, July 27, 2015 8:15 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: Launched: $600mm Charles Schwab $25 par Pfd at 6.0% 
Attachments: 
Untitled attachment 00398.pdf; Untitled attachment 00401.htm 
Deal was oversubscribed and we got filled on 1mm not the 2mm requested. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Atlas, Andrew S" 
Date: July 27, 2015 at 3:37:00 PM EDT 
To: "Richard Ka
all 
Subject: Launched: $600mm Charles Schwab $25 par Pfd at 6.0% 
Rich, 
Southern Trust Company was allocated $1,000,000.00 worth of the SCHW 6% $25 Pfd. 
Thanks again, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial Advisor 
EFTA_R1_02142634 
EFTA02714849

Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan Complex 
1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 
Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use email to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any security or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided in e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this e-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
received this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper copies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to waive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, to the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic communications. This message is subject to terms available 
at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html. If you cannot access this link, please 
notify us by reply message and we will send the contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley you consent to the 
foregoing. 
2 
EFTA_R1_021 42635 
EFTA02714850

