# EFTA00020359 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> case is designated as a Wheel C case. By: Enclosure Respectfully submitted, AU REY STRAUSS Act g United States Attorney Assistant United States Attorneys Tel.: a EFTA00020359 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Unsealing Order 20 Cr. 330 GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. Upon the application of the United States, by the Acting United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Audrey Strauss, by Assistant United States Attorney It is found that the Indictment in the above-captioned case is currently sealed and the United States Attorney'

### Match 2
> ealed pending further order of the Court. Dated: New York, New York July 2, 2020 H RABLE KATHARINE H. PARKER cKattac, 4.1 k UNITED STATES MAGISTRATE JUDGE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK EFTA00020360 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. ORDER 20 Cr. 330 ( ) (18 U.S.C. §§ 2422, 2423(a), 1623, 371, & AUDREY STRAUSS Acting United States Attorney. EFTA00020361

### Match 3
> case is designated as a Wheel C case. By: Enclosure Respectfully submitted, AU REY STRAUSS Act g United States Attorney Assistant United States Attorneys Tel.: a EFTA00020359 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA Unsealing Order 20 Cr. 330 GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. Upon the application of the United States, by the Acting United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Audrey Strauss, by Assistant United States Attorney It is found that the Indictment in the above-captioned case is currently sealed and the United States A
