# EFTA02482057

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|To|jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|Sent|Friday, October 23, 2015 3:47 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** ect: RE: Fwd: Good Afternoon Jeffrey — GM was aware when I reached out to him. They have ordered decking materials and they are preparing to start work on that area in the next day or two. Tom From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj Sent: Friday, October 23, 2015 3:47 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L Mukamal, Thomas Subject: Fwd: c dock , rotten and now dangerous. Forwarded message From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Date: Fri, Oct 23, 2015 at 3:45 PM Subject: To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Sorry for all the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Mukamal, Thomas 
Sent: 
Friday, October 23, 2015 8:26 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Cc: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
RE: Fwd: 
Good Afternoon Jeffrey — 
GM was aware when I reached out to him. They have ordered decking materials and they are preparing to start work on 
that area in the next day or two. 
Tom 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Friday, October 23, 2015 3:47 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Mukamal, Thomas 
Subject: Fwd: 
c dock , rotten and now dangerous. 
 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Fri, Oct 23, 2015 at 3:45 PM 
Subject: 
To: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_01598648 
EFTA02482057

please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01598649 
EFTA02482058

