# EFTA02588438

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffre= E. Imailto:jeeracation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Pritzker, Tom|
|Sent|Thursday, September 04, 2014 01:34 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, September 4, 2014 10:20 PM To: Pritzker, Tom Subject: Re: where is the park hyatt ill ask On Thu, Sep 4, 2014 at =:02 PM, Pritzker, Tom w=ote: Need to take off from TEB=at 12:20. Can come in late Sunday, meet with Gates, then to airport.=C2 Probably more interesting to see Leon. Really we s=ould meet at the new Park Hyatt, which, is awesome, but I'm suspecting =ill is staying at the Four Seasons. tjp<=p> From: jeffre= E. Imailto:jeeracation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, September 04

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, September 4, 2014 10:20 PM 
To: 
Pritzker, Tom 
Subject: 
Re: 
where is the park hyatt ill ask 
On Thu, Sep 4, 2014 at =:02 PM, Pritzker, Tom 
w=ote: 
Need to take off from TEB=at 12:20. Can come in late Sunday, meet with Gates, then to airport.=C2 Probably 
more interesting to see Leon. Really we s=ould meet at the new Park Hyatt, which, is awesome, but I'm suspecting =ill 
is staying at the Four Seasons. 
tjp<=p> 
From: jeffre= E. Imailto:jeeracation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Thursday, September 04, 2014 01:34 PM 
To: Pritzker, Tom 
Subject: 
lets meet bill at the four season aroind 10 am if yo= want. and then if you are still free we will walk over to leo= 
black at apollo at 1130 on mondya 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01769380 
EFTA02588438

The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely =or the addressee(s) and may 
contain confidential and/or privileged informa=ion and may be legally protected from disclosure. If you are not the 
inten=ed recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, 
please=immediately alert the sender by reply email and then delete this message a=d any attachments. If you are not 
the intended recipient, you are hereby n=tified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its 
attachments is strictly prohibi=ed. 
=C2 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to 
jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01769381 
EFTA02588439

