# EFTA02529185

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Eva Dubin|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** i have talked to a top stylist. On Mon, Mar 22, 2010 at 12:18 PM, ca. wrote: Yay!!! I'm so excited this will be g=eat. Thanks so much Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile Fr=m: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Date: Mon, 22 Mar 2010 09:40:42 -0400<hiv> To: Eva Dubin >; <mailto:n Subject: --= The informat=on contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Monday, March 22, 2010 4:27 PM 
Re: 
new york can be when you want , big famous studio. you can choose what type=of clothers , i have talked to a top 
stylist. 
On Mon, Mar 22, 2010 at 12:18 PM, ca. 
wrote: 
Yay!!! I'm so excited this will be g=eat. Thanks so much 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
Fr=m: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Mon, 22 Mar 2010 09:40:42 -0400<hiv> 
To: Eva Dubin 
>; 
<mailto:n 
Subject: 
--= 
The informat=on contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the=property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying=of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unla=ful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us=immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. 
The information contain=d in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privile=ed, may 
EFTA_R1_01671229 
EFTA02529185

constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy thi= communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01671230 
EFTA02529186

