# EFTA02438188

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: epstein, maxwell, flight, island, virgin

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Rush, George|
|To||
|Sent|Thu Oct 08 13:39:38 2009|
|Subject|Daily News story on Jeffrey Epstein -- another question|

---

**[ORG]:** have been made about you. Would you like to comment on the following: 1. Brad Edwards, an attorney who represents three of the women who have filed suit against Jeffrey, tells me that you were served with a Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition while you were at the Sheraton Towers attending the Clinton Global Initiative Is that true? The Subpoena asks that your produce "a list of all girls" that visited Jeffrey Epstein's homes in Palm Beach and Manhattan, or flew on his planes, as well as any and all documents relating to his meeting with girls for massages Will you appear at the deposition? Do

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
J J[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
gmax 
Sent: 
Fri 10/9/2009 4:28:40 PM 
Subject: FW: Daily News story on Jeffrey Epstein -- another question 
Title: FW: Daily News story on Jeffrey Epstein -- another question 
 
 Forwarded Message 
From: Dana B 
Date: Thu, 8 Oct 2009 13:52:54 -0400 
To: gmax 
Subject: Fw: Daily News story on Jeffrey Epstein -- another question 
 
 Original Message 
From: Rush, George 
To: 
Cc: Dana 
Sent: Thu Oct 08 13:39:38 2009 
Subject: Daily News story on Jeffrey Epstein -- another question 
Ghislaine: 
I wanted to make sure you got my e-mail from last night, so I'm copying Dana on it (See 
below) I also wanted to give you an opportunity to address other allegations that 
attorney Brad Edwards made to me this morning 
Edwards claimed that, while his clients did not contend that they had sex with you, he's 
spoken to more than one girl who alleged they did have sex with you and Jeffrey Epstein 
"She engaged in threesomes with various underage girls," said Edwards "She was on 
Epstein's plane, transporting girls for the the purpose of having sex with other people She 
kept a computer database of hundreds of girls and oversaw the schedule of girls who 
came to Epstein's homes, so the girls wouldn't run into each other. She played an 
important role in pulling off this crime. She is second-in-command of this sexual 
enterprise." 
Again, you can e-mail me or call 
Thanks. 
George 
EFTA_R1_01511267 
EFTA02438188

From: Rush, George 
Sent: Thu 10/8/2009 1:00 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: Daily News story on Jeffrey Epstein 
Ghislaine, 
I left a message this morning at your New York number Since I gather you're out of 
town, I want to make sure you know that we're working on a story about Jeffrey Epstein 
and give you a chance to respond to some of the allegations that have been made about 
you. Would you like to comment on the following: 
1. Brad Edwards, an attorney who represents three of the women who have filed suit 
against Jeffrey, tells me that you were served with a Subpoena to Testify at a Deposition 
while you were at the Sheraton Towers attending the Clinton Global Initiative Is that 
true? The Subpoena asks that your produce "a list of all girls" that visited Jeffrey 
Epstein's homes in Palm Beach and Manhattan, or flew on his planes, as well as any and 
all documents relating to his meeting with girls for massages Will you appear at the 
deposition? Do you have any such documents and will you provide them? 
2. Edwards contends that you helped Jeffrey find girls to give him massages. Did you? 
Were you aware of that, as Jeffrey himself admitted in his plea deal, he was "conspiring" 
to "knowingly persuade...minor females to engage in prostitution"? 
Would you like to respond to any of the following allegations made in a lawsuit 
filed by "Jane Doe No. 102" against Jeffrey Epstein in federal court in Florida: 
3. You met Doe 102 when she was 15 and working as a changing room assistant at 
EFTA_R1_01511268 
EFTA02438189

The Mar-a-Lago Club in 1998. You told the girl, and her father who was a maintenance 
manager at the club, that she could learn massage therapy and earn a "great deal of 
money" at Jeffrey Epstein's. 
4. After the girl's father dropped her at Jeffrey Epstein's Palm Beach home, you led 
the girl "up a flight of stairs to a spa room [where Epstein] was lying naked on the 
massage table. Plaintiff was shocked, but, with no experience with massages, thought 
this could be massage therapy protocol. Ms. Maxwell then took off her own shirt and left 
on her underwear and started rubbing her breasts across Defendant's body, impliedly 
showing Plaintiff what she was expected to do. Ms. Maxwell then told Plaintiff to take off 
her clothes. The minor girl was apprehensive about doing this, but, in fear, proceeded to 
follow Ms. Maxwell by removing everything but her underwear. She was them ordered 
to remove her underwear and to straddle Defendant. The encounter escalated, with 
Defendent and Ms. Maxwell sexually assaulting, battering, exploiting, and abusing 
Plaintiff in various ways and in various locations, including the steam room and shower. 
At the end of to this sexually exploitive abuse, Defendant and Ms. Maxwell giddily told 
Plaintiff to return the following day and told her she had 'lots of potential .' Defendant 
paid Plaintiff hundreds of dollars, told her it was for two hours of work and directed one 
of his employees to drive her home." 
5. Jeffrey "lured" the girl "every day for next two weeks" to his house. You and Jeffrey 
telephoned the girl to make arrangements. 
6. When Jane Doe presented photos of herself to give to Jeffrey, you objected to 
them because she was "fully clothed." You proceeded to photograph her "naked in 
different sexually explicit positions." You later presented the photos to Jeffrey as a 
birthday gift. 
7. When you and Jeffrey celebrated Jane Doe's 16th birthday with her, Epstein joked that 
he would have to "trade her in" because she was getting too old for him. 
8. You helped Jeffrey "to further" his "sexually exploitative acts" and "avoid police 
detection." 
9. Not only was Jane Doe required to satisfy Epstein's "every sexual whim," but she 
also was exploited by Epstein's adult male peers. They included "royalty, politicians, 
academicians, businessmen and others in various locations around the world." 
10. In addition to Palm Beach, Epstein took the girl to New York City, Santa Fe, Los 
Angeles, San Francisco, St. Louis, Europe, the Caribbean and Africa. In all of these 
EFTA_R1_01511269 
EFTA02438190

locations, she was required to engage in sex acts with him and other women - including 
other minors. 
11. "Most of these acts of abuse occurred during a time when defendant knew that 
the plaintiff was approximately 15, 16 and 17 years old and, after years of daily sexual 
exploitation continued into her adulthood ... until she fled at age 19," 
12. Epstein displayed photos of naked underage girls throughout his homes in Palm 
Beach, New York City, Santa Fe and the U.S. Virgin Islands, including a naked photo the 
victim saw of herself displayed in his Palm Beach home. 
13. Are you still friendly with Jeffrey? When was the last time you saw him? 
I know the allegations must be distressing to you If you'd like to talk about them, 
feel free to call me at 
I'm not 100 percent sure when this story is running, 
but it could be as early as this Sunday, for which our deadline is Friday at 3 p.m. 
Thanks much. 
George 
This transmission is intended only for the use of the addressee and may contain 
information that is confidential, privileged and/or exempt from disclosure under 
applicable law. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution or copying of the information contained herein is strictly 
unauthorized and prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please 
notify the sender immediately and delete this message. Thank you. 
End of Forwarded Message 
EFTA_R1_01511270 
EFTA02438191

