# EFTA02489456

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|'eevacation@ mail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin < Sent: Thursday, September 10, 2015 11:22 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: RE: ok Whatever she feels more co=fortable with. Myectomy with a total hysterectomy and oopherectomy. =br> Date: Fri, 11 Sep 2015 00:44:06 +0200 From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: she wants to do it in belaurs , ab

**[FULL]:** with a total hysterectomy and oopherectomy. =br> Date: Fri, 11 Sep 2015 00:44:06 +0200 From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: she wants to do it in belaurs , abd=oinally so that recovery would be at home i didnt =now whether more advnaced techniques exist in newyrk On Thu, Sep 10, 2=15 at 11:20 PM, Eva Dubin < mailto:evad=bin@hotmail.com» w=ote: =0A=0A=div> Okay, when is she coming to town? Lets talk=about this on the phone tomorrow. Date: Thu, 10 =ep 2015 22:51:47 +0200 Subject: From: 'eevacation@ mail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> To: CT> karyna mom needs to do a meyectomy , =ith uterus

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin <
Sent: 
Thursday, September 10, 2015 11:22 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
RE: 
ok 
Whatever she feels more co=fortable with. 
Myectomy with a total hysterectomy and oopherectomy. 
=br> 
Date: Fri, 11 Sep 2015 00:44:06 +0200 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
she wants to do it in belaurs , abd=oinally so that recovery would be at home i didnt =now whether more advnaced 
techniques exist in newyrk 
On Thu, Sep 10, 2=15 at 11:20 PM, Eva Dubin < 
mailto:evad=bin@hotmail.com» w=ote: 
=0A=0A=div> 
Okay, when is she coming to town? Lets talk=about this on the phone tomorrow. 
Date: Thu, 10 =ep 2015 22:51:47 +0200 
Subject: 
From: 'eevacation@ mail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> 
To: 
CT> 
karyna mom needs to do a meyectomy , =ith uterus and ovaries out. . 
=3B 
please note 
The information con=ained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client p=ivileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only f=r 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorize= use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA_R1_01609948 
EFTA02489456

communication or any part thereof=is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received thiscommunication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mai= or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all co=ies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserve= 
=/div> 
=/blockquote> 
=3B please note 
The information contained in this communica=ion is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
cons=itute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the add=essee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or c=pying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited<=r>and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error=2C please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<=a>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inclu=ing all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=0A=/div> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01609949 
EFTA02489457

