# EFTA02447061

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: mit, meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** =from the likes of BlackRock and others but I thought you might have some i=eas. Maybe some people to talk to? I would thin= its more than cutting down on yachts and private planes or selling real e=tate in Paris, Istanbul, London. Any thou=hts? PS: does my story on Abraaj get me a=meeting with Gates next time he is in town:) Landon Thomas, Jr. Financial Reporter New York Times <=i verdana, sans-serif' color="#0000ff">2 http://topics.nytimes.com/top/reference/timestopics=people/t/landonjr_thomas/index.html chttp://topics.=ytimes.com/top/reference/timestopics/people/t/landonjr_thomas/ind

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 19, 2016 2:26 PM 
To: 
Thomas Jr., Landon 
Subject: 
Re: Saudi money 
number 
On Wed, Oct 19, 2016 at 9:55 AM, Thomas Jr., Landon <la 
> wrote: 
<=iv dir="ltr"> 
I have spoken to a lot of ceos of fund outfits who sa= Saudis have been pulling billions of dollars in separate 
account money ••=not just from BR. And plus I cant believe they would have so much tied up =n lock ups. 
wrote: 
On Wed, Oct 19, 2016 at 9:48 AM, jeffrey E. =lt;jeevacation@=mail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
sorry, no good handle without digging 
<=iv class="gmail_extra"> 
On Wed, Oct 19, 20=6 at 9:47 AM, Thomas Jr., Landon 
<mailtc
» wr=te: 
what is your =ack of the envelope guess as to much saudi money tied up in such funds?.=A0 
On=Wed, Oct 19, 2016 at 9:43 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com&g=; wrote: 
most of=the saudi money is tied up in pe funds. no withdrawals a=lowed . and im not 
seeing much in the secondary market.. blac=rock is more money market , more like custodian than investor . 
=/div> 
On Wed, Oct=19, 2016 at 9:41 AM, Thomas Jr., Landon < 
> wrote: 
Inte=esting. CEO of big finance form told me that Saudis (SAMA) have 
withdrawn =200 billion that has been parked with usual suspects over past year or so.=That number seem in line with 
what you know? 
On Tue, Oct 18, 2016 at 7:04 AM, je=frey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailtojeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01543904 
EFTA02447061

words that you to refer to one=thing, USA . the stock market / the Royal 
fa=ily, . are no longer very useful. 4>=A0 In politics the USA meant the white house.,=A0 now there is pentagon. 
cia, state, and congress in addition,Q=A0 each feels empowered to act more independantly. =C2* stock market 
even in tech, needs bio t=ch, consuner tech. infrastrucrue tech. etc. =C2* same with Royal family, there are 20k 
member= of a tribe. called the royal family, the wo=ds are misleading. 
if your article is focuse= on bin salman, or 
the very top. no one is wonderi=g where they can find the local costco.. 
but=they are aware that a message needs 
to be sent to their population , regar=ing the next 20 years, 
soci=l media, and the selfie crowds post the best of everything,*=A0 their 
cutest pictures the amazing food , =he luxury resorts. 
the masses see these thin=s and as the difference between 
expectations and reality widen= the anger grows. 
trump has tapped in.=C240 
with the passage of the 9 1= saudi bill, unlike the french revolution where it 
was t=e people of france that revolted against their own aristocracty, 40=A0 with the internet and globalization of 
discontect it is now the a=ericans that can revolt against the saudi leadership. 40=A0 it is the americans that are 
demanding women drive..C24, not the saudis 
On Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 5:57 PM, Thomas Jr., Landon < 
<mailto 
>  wrote: 
I have been called in to help on a big NYT invest=gation into how low oil prices 
have been effecting the personal finances o= royal family in Saudi Arabia. Obviously they called in much of their 
cash=from the likes of BlackRock and others but I thought you might have some i=eas. Maybe some people to talk to? 
I would thin= its more than cutting down on yachts and private planes or selling 
real e=tate in Paris, Istanbul, London. 
Any thou=hts? 
PS: does my story on Abraaj get me a=meeting with Gates next time he is in 
town:) 
Landon Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Reporter 
New York Times 
<=i 
verdana, sans-serif' color="#0000ff">2 
http://topics.nytimes.com/top/reference/timestopics=people/t/landonjr_thomas/index.html 
chttp://topics.=ytimes.com/top/reference/timestopics/people/t/landonjr_thomas/index.html> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01543905 
EFTA02447062

=C2* please note 
The information contained in this communication =s 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute in=ide information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It =s the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thi= 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be=unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please noti=y us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> , and 
des=roy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachment=. copyright -all rights reserved 
Landon Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Reporter 
New York Times 
http://topics.nytimes.com/topireferenceitimestopics/peoplert/landon_jr_thomas/index.html 
chttp://topics.nytimes=com/top/referenceitimestopics/people/t/landonjr_thomas/index.html> 
410=A0 
please note 
The information=contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client=privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for=br>the use of the addressee. It is 
the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized =se, disclosure or copying of this 
3 
EFTA_R1_01543906 
EFTA02447063

communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
co=munication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or b= e-mail to jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gmail.com> , 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<=iv dir="ltr">Landon=Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Reporter 
New York Times 
<tel 
htt=://topics.nytimes.comitop/reference/timestopics/people/t/landon_=r_thomas/index.html 
<http://topics.nytimes.comitop/refere=ceitimestopics/people/t/landon_jr_thomas/index.html> 
ple=se note 
The information contained in this communication is 
conf=dential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside infor=ation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the pro=erty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
commu=ication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful.=lf you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us imme=iately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmailcom <mailtojeevacation@g=ailcom> , and 
destroy this =ommunication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrig=t -all rights reserved 
<=font> 
4 
EFTA_R1_01543907 
EFTA02447064

Landon Thomas, Jr.=/font> 
Financial =eporter 
New York Times 
del 
http://topics.=ytimes.comflopireference/timestopics/people/t/landon_jr_thomas/i=dex.html 
<http://topics.nytimes.comitopireference/timesto=ics/people/t/landon_jr_thomas/index.html> 
4,=A0 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged =may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use =f the addressee. It is the property of 
:PEE 
Unauthorized use, disclos=re or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication =n error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to =a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" 
target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
5 
EFTA_R1_01543908 
EFTA02447065

