# EFTA00031256 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 6

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSASPusa.doj.gov>; USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS-
- **Sent:** Sunday, November 28, 2021 9:59 AM
- **Subject:** RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --U

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 00:25:45 +0000 opens Thanks]. That means a lot. From Sent: un ay, ovem er , : P To: Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --U I LOVE this email. Even though I've only been involved tangentially as you all have moved mountains to get to this point, l fee

### Match 2
> From To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 00:25:45 +0000 opens Thanks]. That means a lot. From Sent: un ay, ovem er , : P To: Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --U I LOVE this email. Even though I've only been involved tangentially as you all have moved mountains to get to this point, l feel more invested than usual in the work you are doing. Please let me know if there is any help, no matter what day or time it is, that I'm able to provide as the battl

### Match 3
> have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable. will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318 Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906. There i

### Match 4
> From To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 00:25:45 +0000 opens Thanks]. That means a lot. From Sent: un ay, ovem er , : P To: Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --U I LOVE this email. Even though I've only been involved tangentially as you all have moved mountains to get to this poin

### Match 5
> From To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 00:25:45 +0000 opens Thanks]. That means a lot. From Sent: un ay, ovem er , : P To: Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --U I LOVE this email. Even though I've only been involved tangentially as you all have moved mountains to get to this point, l feel more invested than usual in the work you are doing. Please let me know if there is any help, no matter what day or time it is, that I'm able to provide as t

### Match 6
> have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable. will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318 Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906.
