# EFTA00031958 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 10

## Email Metadata
- **From:** '
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, December 4, 2020 4:30 PM
- **Subject:** RE: New drive lbr Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> o us. >>> ' AM >» Thank you very much. )11 < From: Orii,Messa e Sent: Friday. December 4. 2020 7:41 AM To: Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell Not a problem. Best, >>> I. PM >» Hi all, < > 12/4/2020 9:39 > 12/3/2020 5:24 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the M DC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It c

### Match 2
> o us. >>> ' AM >» Thank you very much. )11 < From: Orii,Messa e Sent: Friday. December 4. 2020 7:41 AM To: Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell Not a problem. Best, >>> I. PM >» Hi all, < > 12/4/2020 9:39 > 12/3/2020 5:24 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the M DC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? Would you please mail the broken drive back to our offi

### Match 3
> From: To: Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 21:31:37 +0000 )11 < Thank you From: Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 4:30 PM To: Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell is going to make the change Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smarlphone ------- Original message ------- From: ' Date: 12/4/20 3:22 PM < GMT-05:

### Match 4
> From: To: Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 21:31:37 +0000 )11 < Thank you From: Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 4:30 PM To: Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell is going to make the change Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smarlphone ------- Original message ------- From: ' Date: 12/4/20 3:22 PM < GMT-05:00 Subject: RE: New drive lbr Maxwell >» ' )" 12/04/2020 15:22 >» In particular, there appears to be a track change that is included in the s

### Match 5
> 37 +0000 )11 < Thank you From: Sent: Friday, December 4, 2020 4:30 PM To: Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell is going to make the change Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smarlphone ------- Original message ------- From: ' Date: 12/4/20 3:22 PM < GMT-05:00 Subject: RE: New drive lbr Maxwell >» ' )" 12/04/2020 15:22 >» In particular, there appears to be a track change that is included in the second page, which Id fix before we submit this to Judge Nathan. We also were hoping to chat about some other issues, but even if that's not possible, we're the court with a clean copy withou

### Match 6
> t with a clean copy without the track change. Thanks Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York New York, NY 10007 we are hoping you cou hoping we can provide EFTA00031958 Original Message From: Sent: Frida To: Cc: December 4.2020 2:20 PM Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell Thank you very much. Would you have time for a quick call to discuss, please? Best, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York New York NY 10007 From: Sent: Frida , December 4, 2020 2:04 PM To: C Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell Attached please find the letter to Ho

### Match 7
> 20 2:20 PM Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell Thank you very much. Would you have time for a quick call to discuss, please? Best, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York New York NY 10007 From: Sent: Frida , December 4, 2020 2:04 PM To: C Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell Attached please find the letter to Hon. Nathan. Best, Staff Attorney Department of Justice Federal Bureau of Prisons Metro litan Detention Center Brooklyn Brooklyn, New York 11232 >; EFTA00031959 E: SENSITIVE/PRIVILEGED COMMUNICATION The information contained in this electronic message

### Match 8
> nce on this i nformation is strictly prohibited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately to make arra ngements for its return to us. >>> ' AM >» Thank you very much. )11 < From: Orii,Messa e Sent: Friday. December 4. 2020 7:41 AM To: Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell Not a problem. Best, >>> I. PM >» Hi all, < > 12/4/2020 9:39 > 12/3/2020 5:24 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the M DC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the accom

### Match 9
> 7:41 AM To: Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell Not a problem. Best, >>> I. PM >» Hi all, < > 12/4/2020 9:39 > 12/3/2020 5:24 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the M DC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be mailed to the below address: Paralegal Specialist U.S. Attorneys Office, SDNY New

### Match 10
> 9:39 > 12/3/2020 5:24 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the M DC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be mailed to the below address: Paralegal Specialist U.S. Attorneys Office, SDNY New York, NY 10007 Thanks very much, as always, for your help. Best, Assistant United States Attorney Southern Di
