# EFTA02573810

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.com<=a>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, August 19, 2013 9:47 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: asIM On Mon, Aug 19, 2013 at 3:28 PM, Eva Dubin < <mailto > wrote: Do you have any housekeepers that I could use for a few hours here and there and pay them hourly= i= in the Philippines and not back until labor day weekend... ? Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2013 13:55:27 -0600 Subject: R

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, August 19, 2013 9:47 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: asIM On Mon, Aug 19, 2013 at 3:28 PM, Eva Dubin < <mailto > wrote: Do you have any housekeepers that I could use for a few hours here and there and pay them hourly= i= in the Philippines and not back until labor day weekend... ? Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2013 13:55:27 -0600 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.=om <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> T

**[FULL]:** eepers that I could use for a few hours here and there and pay them hourly= i= in the Philippines and not back until labor day weekend... ? Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2013 13:55:27 -0600 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.=om <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> To: ranch On Mon= Aug 19, 2013 at 1:52 PM, Eva Dubin ote: Just arrived in NY last night. Where are you? =div> Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2013 13:47:06 -0600 Subject: From: jeevacation@gmail.com<=a> To: when are you goinghome? EFTA_R1_01744121 EFTA02573810 The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be =ttorney-dient privil

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, August 19, 2013 9:47 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
asIM 
On Mon, Aug 19, 2013 at 3:28 PM, Eva Dubin < 
<mailto
> wrote: 
Do you have any housekeepers that I could use for a few hours here and there and pay them hourly= i= in 
the Philippines and not back until labor day weekend... ? 
Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2013 13:55:27 -0600 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.=om <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
ranch 
On Mon= Aug 19, 2013 at 1:52 PM, Eva Dubin 
ote: 
Just arrived in NY last night. Where are you? 
=div> 
Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2013 13:47:06 -0600 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com<=a> 
To: 
when are you goinghome? 
EFTA_R1_01744121 
EFTA02573810

The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be =ttorney-dient privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=dosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strict'= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this Gmmunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-dient privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
induding all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01744122 
EFTA02573811

