# EFTA02346379

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|MICHAEL BUCHHOLTZ &|
|To|"jeffrey E." <=a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com">jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Sunday, June 5, 2016 2:43 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: RE: no hiring of this position ....<=r>I will keep it in my mind... We have a wonderful nutritionist that we=love....but you never know how long she wants to stay.... Date: Sun, 5 Jun 2016 08:39:51 -0400 Subject: Fwd:=br>From

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Sunday, June 5, 2016 2:43 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
RE: 
no hiring of this position ....<=r>I will keep it in my mind... 
We have a wonderful nutritionist that we=love....but you never know how long she wants to stay.... 
Date: Sun, 5 Jun 2016 08:39:51 -0400 
Subject: Fwd:=br>From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
 
Forwarded message 
From: MICHAEL BUCHHOLTZ & 
Date: Sunday, 5 June 2016 
Subject: 
To: "jeffrey E." <=a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com">jeevacation@gmail.com> 
&g=; 
l
Thanks so much for respondin= so fast. III have my 
sent her resume and a cover letter later to=ay. 
I assume a=l is well; I sold my practice to Northwell eat and work for them; t=ey took at 20 (+10) year lease on my 
building. I'm chief of oncology at th= regional Northwell Cancer Institute at Huntington/and Huntington Hospital=l'm 
starting to get real tired. 
III 
has great training ,is really har= working and has a upbeat engaging personality. She wants to be in NYC and=this 
to would be in oncology; something she really would like to do and=she would be excellent at it. Previously worked at 
• she can g=t excellent recommendations 
Please call me 
r invite me to lunch; I'd love to hear how you are doing,really. 
=div style="font-family:Verdana;">l truly appreciate any efforts on you=s/Eva's behalf. Michael 
On Sun, Jun 05, 2016 at 07=19 AM, jeffrey E. wrote: 
send me you= daugthers resume and feel free to copy eva 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA_R1_01317342 
EFTA02346379

confidential, ma= be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, =nd is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of=br>JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communicati=n or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If yo= have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gm=il.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof,<=r>including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
=/blockquote> 
&nbs=; 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client =rivileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only =or 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthoriz=d use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereo= is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this<=r>communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-ma=l or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all c=pies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserv=d 
2 
EFTA_R1_01317343 
EFTA02346380

