# EFTA02489086

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, September 15, 2015 10:36 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel hope you have a good birthday friday. . Im hap=y to speak to you whevever you feel ready. . I miss our talks. The informa=ion contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cl=ent privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only=for the use of the addressee.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, September 15, 2015 10:36 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
hope you have a good birthday friday. . Im hap=y to speak to you whevever you feel ready. . I miss our talks. 
The informa=ion contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cl=ent privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only=for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthori=ed use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof=is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received thiscommunication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail =r by e-mail to 
=eevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies=thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved adiv> 
--089e013d15ca87c6f5051fc6c05b-- conversation-id 104533 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1442313377 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 542432 
1 
EFTA_R1_01609395 
EFTA02489086

