# EFTA02438798

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jean Luc Brunel|
|To|jeanluc brunel|
|Sent|Wednesday, October 21, 2009 8:50 PM|
|Subject|RE: <no subject>|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation©gmail.com] From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Fri 10/23/2009 3:36:45 AM Subject: FW: <no subject> Title: FW: <no subject> Forwarded Message From: Andrew Nikou Date: Thu, 22 Oct 2009 08:00:35 -0700 To: jeanluc brunel Subject: RE: <no subject> Jean Luc, the business is losing money. I don't see you us even close to an 8 million dollar valuation. Andrew Nikou Founder & Managing Partner OpenGate Capital, LLC 1999 Avenue of the Stars I Suite 183

**[WORD]:** 009 3:36:45 AM Subject: FW: <no subject> Title: FW: <no subject> Forwarded Message From: Andrew Nikou Date: Thu, 22 Oct 2009 08:00:35 -0700 To: jeanluc brunel Subject: RE: <no subject> Jean Luc, the business is losing money. I don't see you us even close to an 8 million dollar valuation. Andrew Nikou Founder & Managing Partner OpenGate Capital, LLC 1999 Avenue of the Stars I Suite 1830 Los Angeles I CAI 90067 +1 I Office +1 I Fax +1 US Mobile I French Mobile Save a tree. Please only print this e-mail if it is genuinely required. From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Wednesday, October

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: 
Fri 10/23/2009 3:36:45 AM 
Subject: FW: <no subject> 
Title: FW: <no subject> 
 
Forwarded Message 
From: Andrew Nikou 
Date: Thu, 22 Oct 2009 08:00:35 -0700 
To: jeanluc brunel 
Subject: RE: <no subject> 
Jean Luc, the business is losing money. I don't see you us even close to an 8 million dollar valuation. 
Andrew Nikou 
Founder & Managing Partner 
OpenGate Capital, LLC 
1999 Avenue of the Stars I Suite 1830 
Los Angeles I CAI 90067 
+1 
I Office 
+1 
I Fax 
+1 
US Mobile 
I French Mobile 
Save a tree. Please only print this e-mail if it is genuinely required. 
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: Wednesday, October 21, 2009 8:50 PM 
To: Andrew Nikou 
Subject: <no subject> 
Hi Andrew 
Thank you for coming to the office, it was a real pleasure to meet you. I don't really know what you have 
in your mind for the future of your modeling operation in America, but I am willing to sell 50% of the 
shares for the amount of US$ 4M. If you are still in NY, I would be very happy to meet you again. 
Best Regards 
Jean luc 
End of Forwarded Message 
EFTA_R1_01512185 
EFTA02438798

