# EFTA00029269 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monday, November 16, 2020 12:21 PM
- **Subject:** US v. Maxwell - Request for Review Batches on Relativity

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: USANYS) [Contractor]" To: ' " Cc: aUSANYS)" •cl Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - Request for Review Batches on Relativity Date: Mon, 16 Nov 2020 17:57:33 +0000 Hello, The batches have been created and the tag has been added to the database. Please let me know if there are any questions. Thank you. From: Sent: Monday, November 16, 2020 12:21 PM To: USANYS) [Contractor

### Match 2
> vity Date: Mon, 16 Nov 2020 17:57:33 +0000 Hello, The batches have been created and the tag has been added to the database. Please let me know if there are any questions. Thank you. From: Sent: Monday, November 16, 2020 12:21 PM To: USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) <I >; Subject: US v. Maxwell - Request for Review Batches on Relativity Hi Chris, I hope you had a good weekend. The Maxwell team is now turning to review the SDFL documents that you helped get loaded onto Relativity. Would you please help us get those documents batched out for review? Specifically, please break down all o

### Match 3
> been added to the database. Please let me know if there are any questions. Thank you. From: Sent: Monday, November 16, 2020 12:21 PM To: USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) <I >; Subject: US v. Maxwell - Request for Review Batches on Relativity Hi Chris, I hope you had a good weekend. The Maxwell team is now turning to review the SDFL documents that you helped get loaded onto Relativity. Would you please help us get those documents batched out for review? Specifically, please break down all of the documents in the folder entitled "USAO-SDFL Files" within the "US v Epstein" database into b
