# EFTA02577873

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, December 5, 2013 9:57 PM To: Bill Gates Subject: i assume you will go to mandelas funeral. ? you might want to ponder the chart on your trip. this all needs eventually to go somewhere. The information contained =n this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside i=formation, and is intende

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, December 5, 2013 9:57 PM 
To: 
Bill Gates 
Subject: 
i assume you will go to mandelas funeral. ? you might want to ponder the chart on 
your trip. this all needs eventually to go somewhere. 
The information contained =n this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying=of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unla=ful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us=immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01751017 
EFTA02577873

