# EFTA02504607

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Jean Luc|
|Sent||
|Subject|<no subject>|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, April 15, 2015 8:03 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: Florida?, Paris may? On Tuesday, April 14, 2015, Jean Luc Brunel < > wro=e: Hi I will not be in NY next week From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Tuesday, April 14, 2015 at 8:=9 AM To: Jean Luc Subject: <no subject> I have some ideas. that i think you will=li

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, April 15, 2015 8:03 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: Florida?, Paris may? On Tuesday, April 14, 2015, Jean Luc Brunel < > wro=e: Hi I will not be in NY next week From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Tuesday, April 14, 2015 at 8:=9 AM To: Jean Luc Subject: <no subject> I have some ideas. that i think you will=like, can we see each other next week? please note The information contained in th

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, April 15, 2015 8:03 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
Florida?, Paris may? 
On Tuesday, April 14, 2015, Jean Luc Brunel < 
> wro=e: 
Hi 
I will not be in NY next week 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tuesday, April 14, 2015 at 8:=9 AM 
To: Jean Luc 
Subject: <no subject> 
I have some ideas. that i think you will=like, can we see each other next week? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,icvmr=,Ijeevacation@gmail.corni);> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
EFTA_R1_01634051 
EFTA02504607

The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addresser. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying =f this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and =ay be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and<=r>destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all atta=hments. copyright 
-all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01634052 
EFTA02504608

