# EFTA02712314

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" <a>|
|To|=/b>"Richard Kahn|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>Fixed Income =fferings|

---

**[WORD]:** y E. Subject: Fwd: Fixed Income Offerings Attachments: NOMS_Offerings_20150827.pdf; Untitled attachment 00356.htm please advise if any are of interest thank =ou Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" <a> Subject: =/b>Fixed Income =fferings Date: =/b>August 27, 2015 at 11:45:01 AM =DT To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ' nn 1,, E "^ Good Morning Rich, I hope you are well, =nd weathering the current volatility alright. Here are 6 offerings that I thought Southern Trust =ompany may be interested

**[WORD]:** , =nd weathering the current volatility alright. Here are 6 offerings that I thought Southern Trust =ompany may be interested in. The quantities and price are subject to =hange. If you have any interest, my trader will give us current =ricing. EFTA_R1_02129601 EFTA02712314 Hope to speak =oon, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas Financial =dvisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan =omplex 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor New York, =Y 10104 Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn < 
Sent: 
Thursday, August 27, 2015 4:23 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: Fixed Income Offerings 
Attachments: 
NOMS_Offerings_20150827.pdf; Untitled attachment 00356.htm 
please advise if any are of interest 
thank =ou 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" <a> 
Subject: =/b>Fixed Income =fferings 
Date: =/b>August 27, 2015 at 11:45:01 AM =DT 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn  
' nn  
1,, 
E 
"^ 
Good Morning Rich, 
I hope you are well, =nd weathering the current volatility alright. 
Here are 6 offerings that I thought Southern Trust =ompany may be interested in. 
The quantities and price are subject to =hange. If you have any interest, my trader will give us current =ricing. 
EFTA_R1_02129601 
EFTA02712314

Hope to speak =oon, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial =dvisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan =omplex 
1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor New York, =Y 10104 
Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any =ecurity or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this =-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
=eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, =o the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is subject to terms 
available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If you cannot access 
2 
EFTA_R1_02129602 
EFTA02712315

this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley 
you consent to =he foregoing. 
= 
3 
EFTA_R1_02129603 
EFTA02712316

