# EFTA02513712

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Jeffrey E."|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, January 14, 2015 9:23 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: you have the strongest defamation claims. =AO where are you? ghislaine has many lawyers , so far no=ideas O= Wed, Jan 14, 2015 at 3:53 AM, Jean Luc Brunel Not fun I am seeing lawyers Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:13/01/2015 18:47 (GMT+0

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, January 14, 2015 9:23 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: you have the strongest defamation claims. =AO where are you? ghislaine has many lawyers , so far no=ideas O= Wed, Jan 14, 2015 at 3:53 AM, Jean Luc Brunel Not fun I am seeing lawyers Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:13/01/2015 18:47 (GMT+07:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: how are you holidng up? anyting you woudl like=me to do? please note /a» wrote: The information contained in this communication is

**[FULL]:** Re: you have the strongest defamation claims. =AO where are you? ghislaine has many lawyers , so far no=ideas O= Wed, Jan 14, 2015 at 3:53 AM, Jean Luc Brunel Not fun I am seeing lawyers Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:13/01/2015 18:47 (GMT+07:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: how are you holidng up? anyting you woudl like=me to do? please note /a» wrote: The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the proper

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, January 14, 2015 9:23 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
you 
have the strongest defamation claims. =AO where are you? ghislaine has many lawyers , so far no=ideas 
O= Wed, Jan 14, 2015 at 3:53 AM, Jean Luc Brunel 
Not fun 
I am seeing lawyers 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
 Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:13/01/2015 18:47 (GMT+07:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
how are you holidng up? anyting you woudl like=me to do? 
please note 
/a» wrote: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01646973 
EFTA02513712

please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01646974 
EFTA02513713

