# EFTA00029354 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 12

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 282 Filed 05/14/21 Page 1 of 2 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 5/14/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On April 29, 2021, counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell wrote to the Court requesting that the Court address her sleeping conditions, with particular emphasis on

### Match 2
> 1 Page 1 of 2 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 5/14/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On April 29, 2021, counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell wrote to the Court requesting that the Court address her sleeping conditions, with particular emphasis on counsel's representation, unsupported by affidavit or other factual showing, that guards are shining a flashlight in Maxwell's eyes every 15 minutes at night. Dkt. No. 256. Defense counsel c

### Match 3
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 282 Filed 05/14/21 Page 1 of 2 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 5/14/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On April 29, 2021, counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell wrote to the Court requesting that the Court address her sleeping conditions, with particular emp

### Match 4
> 1 Page 1 of 2 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 5/14/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On April 29, 2021, counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell wrote to the Court requesting that the Court address her sleeping conditions, with particular emphasis on counsel's representation, unsupported by affidavit or other factual showing, that guards are shining a flashlight in Maxwell's eyes every 15 minutes at night. Dkt. No. 256. Defense c

### Match 5
> NATHAN, District Judge: On April 29, 2021, counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell wrote to the Court requesting that the Court address her sleeping conditions, with particular emphasis on counsel's representation, unsupported by affidavit or other factual showing, that guards are shining a flashlight in Maxwell's eyes every 15 minutes at night. Dkt. No. 256. Defense counsel claims that the flashlight surveillance in Maxwell's eyes is disrupting her sleep, which in turn is impacting her ability to prepare for and withstand trial. The Court sought more information by ordering the Government to confer wit

### Match 6
> urt address her sleeping conditions, with particular emphasis on counsel's representation, unsupported by affidavit or other factual showing, that guards are shining a flashlight in Maxwell's eyes every 15 minutes at night. Dkt. No. 256. Defense counsel claims that the flashlight surveillance in Maxwell's eyes is disrupting her sleep, which in turn is impacting her ability to prepare for and withstand trial. The Court sought more information by ordering the Government to confer with legal counsel for the Bureau of Prisons and to respond to certain questions. Dkt. No. 257. In response, the Gover

### Match 7
> regular intervals. The Government further reports that to conduct the checks, flashlights are pointed at the ceiling of the cell to confirm that the inmate is present, breathing, and not in distress. As the Government explains, there are a number of neutral reasons why GOP's flashlight checks of Maxwell are relatively more frequent than those of other inmates, including that Maxwell is housed alone, the nature of the charges, and the potential stress for inmates that EFTA00029354 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 282 Filed 05/14/21 Page 2 of 2 can arise in high-profile cases. The MDC has determi

### Match 8
> hlights are pointed at the ceiling of the cell to confirm that the inmate is present, breathing, and not in distress. As the Government explains, there are a number of neutral reasons why GOP's flashlight checks of Maxwell are relatively more frequent than those of other inmates, including that Maxwell is housed alone, the nature of the charges, and the potential stress for inmates that EFTA00029354 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 282 Filed 05/14/21 Page 2 of 2 can arise in high-profile cases. The MDC has determined that these factors necessitate more frequent safety and security checks. The

### Match 9
> se 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 282 Filed 05/14/21 Page 2 of 2 can arise in high-profile cases. The MDC has determined that these factors necessitate more frequent safety and security checks. The Government also indicates that the prohibition on eye masks is a generally applicable policy, but that Maxwell, like other inmates, may use other non- contraband items to cover her eyes. To the extent that Maxwell's April 29, 2021 letter asks the Court to override BOP's determination as to the frequency of appropriate safety and security check procedures, that request is denied as factually unsubstantiat

### Match 10
> as determined that these factors necessitate more frequent safety and security checks. The Government also indicates that the prohibition on eye masks is a generally applicable policy, but that Maxwell, like other inmates, may use other non- contraband items to cover her eyes. To the extent that Maxwell's April 29, 2021 letter asks the Court to override BOP's determination as to the frequency of appropriate safety and security check procedures, that request is denied as factually unsubstantiated and legally unsupported. Certainly nothing in the record plausibly establishes that current protocol
