# EFTA02422560

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com]|
|To|Lesley Groff|
|Sent|Thursday, September 02, 2010 1:22 PM|
|Subject|Re: New guest names|

---

**[FULL]:** s given me the new guest names for the Yom Kippur Breakfast Sept. 18th...would you like me to send these add on's an email? Or were you possibly going to call some of them? Below are the names: Steve Hanson and Family Ronnie and Catherine Shamony Katie Couric Joel Paschow Story Ron Oltback Jean Luc Brunel EFTA_IRLO 1489270 EFTA02422560 The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copy

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmailcom] 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Thur 9/9/2010 9:02:04 PM 
Subject: Katie Couric 
Hi Jeffrey...) just want to make sure the loop has been closed with Katie Couric. I am sorry I emailed her, 
but as you can see below, I was told to do so. Did Mspeak with Katie? I have not responded to Katie's 
email asking if she knows you. Please know, I am following up because I don't want there to be an 
issue. Let me know I am to do nothing with this! Thanks, Les 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, September 02, 2010 1:22 PM 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: New guest names 
yes 
On Thu, Sep 2, 2010 at 12:20 PM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
'as given me the new guest names for the Yom Kippur Breakfast Sept. 18th...would you 
like me to send these add on's an email? Or were you possibly going to call some of them? 
Below are the names: 
Steve Hanson and Family 
Ronnie and Catherine Shamony 
Katie Couric 
Joel Paschow 
Story 
Ron Oltback 
Jean Luc Brunel 
EFTA_IRLO 1489270 
EFTA02422560

The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ice\ acation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01489271 
EFTA02422561

