# EFTA02435742

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Lesley Groff|
|Sent|Wednesday, August 26, 2009 12:00 PM|
|Subject|Re: Andrew Farkas|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey EpsteinueevacationCOgmailcom] From: Lesley Groff Sent Wed 8/26/2009 4:05:39 PM Subject: RE: Andrew Farkas Will do! From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Wednesday, August 26, 2009 12:00 PM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Re: Andrew Farkas call and coned On Wed, Aug 26, 2009 at 11:42 AM, Lesley Groff •: ,• wrote: Andrew emailed back saying he can do 2:15 today!- 917-213.090

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey EpsteinueevacationCOgmailcom] From: Lesley Groff Sent Wed 8/26/2009 4:05:39 PM Subject: RE: Andrew Farkas Will do! From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Wednesday, August 26, 2009 12:00 PM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Re: Andrew Farkas call and coned On Wed, Aug 26, 2009 at 11:42 AM, Lesley Groff •: ,• wrote: Andrew emailed back saying he can do 2:15 today!- 917-213.0905 Would you like me to call him and connect him to you at 2:15? Or do you prefer to make the call from the office? I will be sure to remind you either

**[WORD]:** ey Groff Sent Wed 8/26/2009 4:05:39 PM Subject: RE: Andrew Farkas Will do! From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Wednesday, August 26, 2009 12:00 PM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Re: Andrew Farkas call and coned On Wed, Aug 26, 2009 at 11:42 AM, Lesley Groff •: ,• wrote: Andrew emailed back saying he can do 2:15 today!- 917-213.0905 Would you like me to call him and connect him to you at 2:15? Or do you prefer to make the call from the office? I will be sure to remind you either way. Les •********************************************************** The information cont

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey EpsteinueevacationCOgmailcom] 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Wed 8/26/2009 4:05:39 PM 
Subject: RE: Andrew Farkas 
Will do! 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, August 26, 2009 12:00 PM 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Andrew Farkas 
call and coned 
On Wed, Aug 26, 2009 at 11:42 AM, Lesley Groff •:
,• wrote: 
Andrew emailed back saying he can do 2:15 today!-
917-213.0905 
Would you like me to call him and connect him to you at 2:15? Or do you prefer to make the call 
from the office? I will be sure to remind you either way. 
Les 
•********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
EFTA_R1_0 1507933 
EFTA02435742

destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1507934 
EFTA02435743

