# EFTA02332674

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: ghislaine

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: From: Andrew Hay Sent: Thur 3/18/2004 5:41:38 PM Subject: Dear Ghislaine Dear Ghislaine It was very good to hear from you again. I confirm that we will conduct a search of Tuscany, Umbria, South of France and possibly Spain and see if we can come up with any 'stunning' castles. I will arrange for detail

**[WORD]:** th any 'stunning' castles. I will arrange for details to be emailed to you. In the meantime I would be very happy to give you advice on your Mother's house. Perhaps you can email me some information and then we can take it from there. I look forward to hearing from you shortly. Yours sincerely Andrew Hay Andrew Hay **** ************ ******************** ******************* *tor* This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. The contents are confidential and may be legally privileged. Any unauthorised

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Andrew Hay 
Sent: 
Thur 3/18/2004 5:41:38 PM 
Subject: 
Dear Ghislaine 
Dear Ghislaine 
It was very good to hear from you again. I confirm that we will conduct a search 
of Tuscany, Umbria, South of France and possibly Spain and see if we can come up 
with any 'stunning' castles. I will arrange for details to be emailed to you. 
In the meantime I would be very happy to give you advice on your Mother's house. 
Perhaps you can email me some information and then we can take it from there. I 
look forward to hearing from you shortly. 
Yours sincerely 
Andrew Hay 
Andrew Hay 
**** ************ ******************** 
******************* 
*tor* 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the 
use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. The contents 
are confidential and may be legally privileged. Any unauthorised access, 
disclosure, use or copying is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If 
you have received this email in error please notify the originator. 
This e-mail is sent on behalf of Knight Frank LLP, a Limited Liability 
Partnership registered in England (registered number OC305934). 
Its registered office is 20 Hanover Square, London W1S 1HZ. 
Knight Frank LLP is a Limited Liability Partnership. This is a corporate 
body which has "Members" and not "Partners". 
Any representative described as "Partner" is either a Member or an 
Employee of Knight Frank LLP and is not a Partner in a Partnership. 
The term "Partner" has been retained because it is an accepted way of 
referring to senior Professionals. 
PRIVACY: It may be necessary to monitor e-mails sent and/or received 
through the Knight Frank LLP mail servers to ensure their efficient 
operation. 
************* 
*******Itle*ItIti.tlri.****Iti. 
************************ 
EFTA_R1_01278765 
EFTA02332674

