# EFTA02722958

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: Reminder: Call w/Andrew Farkas?|

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmaitcompeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] From: Lesley Groff Sent Tue 12/10/2013 3:02:49 PM Subject: Re: Reminder: Call w/Andrew Farkas? You are schedule to call Andrew at 12:00pm EST, 1pm STT Time tomorrow... Wednesday Dec. 11, 2013 PB-LSJ _7:30ant Depart PB, Galaxy Aviation for LSJ 10:45am Arrive sr 12:00pittES'T (1:00pm .STT time) Cull w/Andrew Farkas On Dec 10, 2013, at 7:42 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.co

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmaitcompeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] From: Lesley Groff Sent Tue 12/10/2013 3:02:49 PM Subject: Re: Reminder: Call w/Andrew Farkas? You are schedule to call Andrew at 12:00pm EST, 1pm STT Time tomorrow... Wednesday Dec. 11, 2013 PB-LSJ _7:30ant Depart PB, Galaxy Aviation for LSJ 10:45am Arrive sr 12:00pittES'T (1:00pm .STT time) Cull w/Andrew Farkas On Dec 10, 2013, at 7:42 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: ok On Tue, Dec 10, 2013 at 7:

**[WORD]:** ley Groff Sent Tue 12/10/2013 3:02:49 PM Subject: Re: Reminder: Call w/Andrew Farkas? You are schedule to call Andrew at 12:00pm EST, 1pm STT Time tomorrow... Wednesday Dec. 11, 2013 PB-LSJ _7:30ant Depart PB, Galaxy Aviation for LSJ 10:45am Arrive sr 12:00pittES'T (1:00pm .STT time) Cull w/Andrew Farkas On Dec 10, 2013, at 7:42 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: ok On Tue, Dec 10, 2013 at 7:01 AM, Lesley Groff wrote: Reminder: Andrew Farkas would like to speak with you...he has time between 11-fpm on Wed. ...would you like to set up a time to speak? The information con

**[WORD]:** .. Wednesday Dec. 11, 2013 PB-LSJ _7:30ant Depart PB, Galaxy Aviation for LSJ 10:45am Arrive sr 12:00pittES'T (1:00pm .STT time) Cull w/Andrew Farkas On Dec 10, 2013, at 7:42 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: ok On Tue, Dec 10, 2013 at 7:01 AM, Lesley Groff wrote: Reminder: Andrew Farkas would like to speak with you...he has time between 11-fpm on Wed. ...would you like to set up a time to speak? The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcompeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Tue 12/10/2013 3:02:49 PM 
Subject: Re: Reminder: Call w/Andrew Farkas? 
You are schedule to call Andrew at 12:00pm EST, 1pm STT Time tomorrow... 
Wednesday Dec. 11, 2013 PB-LSJ 
_7:30ant Depart PB, Galaxy Aviation for LSJ 
10:45am Arrive sr 
12:00pittES'T (1:00pm .STT time) Cull w/Andrew Farkas 
On Dec 10, 2013, at 7:42 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ok 
On Tue, Dec 10, 2013 at 7:01 AM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Reminder: Andrew Farkas would like to speak with you...he has time between 
11-fpm on Wed. ...would you like to set up a time to speak? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_02208474 
EFTA02722958

