# EFTA02633233

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>Reuben Kobulnik <|
|To|=/b>Richard Kahn <|
|Sent||
|Subject|.../b>Re: Stash =inancial|

---

**[WORD]:** Sent: Thursday, February 28, 2019 7:47 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: Stash Financial Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>Reuben Kobulnik < Subject: .../b>Re: Stash =inancial Date: =/b>February 28, 2019 at 2:43:04 PM =ST To: =/b>Richard Kahn < Cc: Andrew McCormack < Hi Richard, I'm not totally following all of your =uestions, but Valar has not sold any of the equity it has acquired in =tash. Prior to this latest round, Valar Fund 3 owned approximately =6.3% of Stash. The round size was 65M at a 500M pre- so the dilution =as 11.5%, plus there wa

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn < 
Sent: 
Thursday, February 28, 2019 7:47 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: Stash Financial 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>Reuben Kobulnik < 
Subject: .../b>Re: Stash =inancial 
Date: =/b>February 28, 2019 at 2:43:04 PM =ST 
To: =/b>Richard Kahn < 
Cc: Andrew McCormack < 
Hi Richard, 
I'm not totally following all of your =uestions, but Valar has not sold any of the equity it has acquired in =tash. 
Prior to this latest round, Valar Fund 3 owned approximately =6.3% of Stash. The round size was 65M at a 500M pre- so 
the dilution =as 11.5%, plus there was a customary option pool increase of =pproximately 3.5% in connection with the 
round (option pool dilution =appens before the financing dilution). Rough math is 16.3%*0.965*0.885 =3D 13.9%. Does 
that make sense? 
Best regards, 
Reuben Kobulnik 
Operating =artner 
Valar Ventures LLC 
EFTA_R1_01855851 
EFTA02633233

On Thu, Feb 28, 2019 at 2:29 PM Richard =ahn < 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
reuben, sorry, but can you describe for me =he dilution and the ownership of the "other valar entities. 
was there a sale? or only a dilution? are there =arrants? or other value securities involved 
thank you as i am making presentation to Mr Epstein. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Feb 28, 2019, at 10:44 AM, Reuben Kobulnik <-> 
wrote: 
Hi =ichard, 
Note that =he 19% ownership from the fall update was an overall ownership level =or all Valar 
vehicles (although Fund 3 owns by far the biggest stake of =tash). In any event, after this most recent financing that just 
closed, =und 3 now owns 13.9% of Stash on a fully diluted basis (and Valar =verall owns 16.32%). 
Best regards, 
=div dir="ltr" class=""> 
Reuben Kobulnik 
Operating =artner 
Valar Ventures LLC 
2 
EFTA_R1_01855852 
EFTA02633234

On Thu, Feb 28, 2019 at 10:32 AM Andrew =cCormack < 
<mailto 
» wrote: 
wrote: 
Reuben can =elp provide the answers here. 
May I ask what the purpose =f these one-off questions are? 
On Feb 28, 2019, at 4:25 PM, Richard Kahn <-
> wrote: 
my understanding from your =all update was that Valar III owned 19% of Stash 
after dilution what % of Stash will Valar own? 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
On Feb 26, 2019, at 6:22 PM, Andrew McCormack < 
Yes. 
On Feb =7, 2019, at 12:11 AM, Richard Kahn < 
are we getting diluted from =his round? 
please advise 
thank =ou 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
> wrote: 
3 
EFTA_R1_01855853 
EFTA02633235

wrote: 
On Feb 26, 2019, at 5:40 PM, Andrew McCormack < 
Post money = $565M 
On Feb 26, 2019, at 11:38 PM, Richard Kahn < 
thank you 
do =ou have any idea of the valuation? 
please =dvise 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
> wrote: 
On Feb 26, 2019, at 5:34 PM, Andrew McCormack <-> 
wrote: 
It means they are raising money. 
On Feb 26, 2019, at 11:28 PM, Richard Kahn =It 
<mailto: 
>  wrote: 
Securities 
i saw that Stash Financial =iled a Form D for Notice of an Exempt Offering of 
can you please provide details of what this means.. 
thank you 
4 
EFTA_R1_01855854 
EFTA02633236

Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc 
On Nov 4, 2018, at 7:57 AM, Andrew McCormack <-> 
wrote: 
Hi Richard, 
Attached is our Fall update. I look forward to speaking =ith you in more detail 
tomorrow. 
Warm regards, 
Andrew 
On Thu, Nov 1, 2018 at =1:22 AM Richard Kahn < 
<mailto: 
>
 wrote: 
confirming 3pm on the =th for a call 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Nov 1, 2018, at 10:50 AM, Andrew McCormack <-> 
wrote: 
5 
EFTA_R1_01855855 
EFTA02633237

3pm on the 5th or 12pm on the 6th work for me. =/div> 
One more =hing to consider - we will be in the market in 01 for Valar V. It would 
=e great to know if Jeffrey is considering investing with us again. =aybe the public markets aren't so great after all... 
Sent via Superhuman iOS 
On Thu, Nov 1 2018 at 10:46 AM, Richard Kahn < 
<mailto: 
>  wrote: 
lets chat next week after i have read fall =pdate 
please advise on times that may work for =ou 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Nov 1, 2018, at 10:43 AM, James Fitzgerald <-> 
wrote: 
Happy to chat; and FYI we are =ending out a Fall Update in the next few days. 
On Thu, =ov 1, 2018 at 10:25 AM, Richard Kahn < 
wrote: 
can you please advise when you have time to review funds II =amp; III 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
6 
EFTA_R1_01855856 
EFTA02633238

On May 10, 2018, at 4:33 PM, James Fitzgerald <-> 
wrote: 
Dear Investors, 
We are pleased to =resent you with the attached Valar Ventures 2018 Annual 
Report, which =rovides an update on all major investments in Valar Funds 1, 2 and 3, =s well as a short update on the 
initial investments we are making in =und 4. 
As you can see, all =he funds are performing nicely, and we are seeing a lot of 
very high =uality investment opportunities for Fund 4. 
We appreciate your =ontinued support and look forward to catching up with 
many of you over =he coming months. 
As always, if you have =ny questions, please feel free to reach out to us. 
Best =egards, 
James and =ndrew 
<Valar - 2018 Annual =eport.pdf><Valar Fund 4 Initial =nvestments.pdf> 
James Fitzgerald = Valar Ventures / 
=0010 
<Valar Update - Fall =018.pdf> 
7 
EFTA_R1_01855857 
EFTA02633239

