# EFTA00032400 -- DONALD TRUMP

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Appellate Law360 <news-alt@law360.com>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Up Next At High Court: Census Brawl Dominates Busy Week

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> cil NeoPollard Interactive LLC New York Immigration Coalition New York University Novozymes Orlando Utilities Commission PricewaterhouseCoopers Purdue Pharma LP QUALCOMM Inc. Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. Southwest Airlines Co. EFTA00032403 the Keystone XL pipeline just because President Donald Trump signed a new permit last month. 1 document attached I Read full article » Wells Fargo Battles Cert. In Reimbursement Fight At 9th Circ. Wells Fargo urged the Ninth Circuit on Friday to reverse a lower court's decision to certify a class of 2,000 home mortgage consultants and bankers who claim

### Match 2
> ppellate Law360 <news-alt@law360.com> To: Subject: Up Next At High Court: Census Brawl Dominates Busy Week Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2019 07:18:20 +0000 iLaw360 Appellate APPELLATE Monday, April 22, 2019 tF ollow Appellate Law360 TOP NEWS Up Next At High Court: Census Brawl Dominates Busy Week The Trump administration's attempt to put a citizenship question on the census is the most high-profile case at the Supreme Court this week, but the justices will also tackle issues affecting government contractors and Title VII plaintiffs as it closes out the final argument session of the 2018 term. Rea

### Match 3
> oyees who are accusing the company of unlawfully collecting their biometric data are trying and failing to sidestep the federal arbitration requirements preempting their suit, the airline told the Seventh Circuit on Thursday. 1 document attached I Read full article » NINTH CIRCUIT Enviros Say Trump Must Live With Keystone Rejection Two environmental groups have told the Ninth Circuit that the federal government is wrongly attempting to dodge a ruling invalidating its permit for California Rural Legal Assistance Foundation Inc. CarMax Business Services LLC Citigroup Inc. Comcast Corp.

### Match 4
> t of 2015 graduates. Read full article » GC Cheat Sheet: The Hottest Corporate News Of The Week Google has been accused in a derivative suit of hiding workplace harassment, a Duane Morris partner said law firms are dropping the ball in addressing misconduct and employers are seeking to fortify Trump administration regulations against court attacks. These are some of the stories in legal news you may have missed in the past week. Read full article » EFTA00032406 In Case You Missed It: Hottest Firms And Stories On Law360 For those who missed out, here's a look back at the law firms, storie
