# EFTA00010431 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM
- **Subject:** Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> l 2020 14:47:03 +0000 thank you!! From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:45 To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats guys! Great work on such an important case. From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already is making it seem like these charges were inevitable, that they were anything but, and

### Match 2
> l 2020 14:47:03 +0000 thank you!! From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:45 To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats guys! Great work on such an important case. From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already is making it seem like these charges were inevitable, that they were anything b

### Match 3
> From: ' To:' Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 14:47:03 +0000 thank you!! From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:45 To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats guys! Great work on such an important case. From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arres

### Match 4
> From: ' To:' Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 14:47:03 +0000 thank you!! From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:45 To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats guys! Great work on such an important case. From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the te

### Match 5
> From: ' To:' Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 14:47:03 +0000 thank you!! From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:45 To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats guys! Great work on such an important case. From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already
