# EFTA02517868

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, September 19, 2014 5:17 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Caribbean On Thursday, September 18, 2014, Eva Dubin wrote: <=lockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:ipx=ticcc solid;padding-left:lef> Let's talk in the =orning!! Where are you? Sent from my iPhone jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: wewill fly down to

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, September 19, 2014 5:17 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Caribbean On Thursday, September 18, 2014, Eva Dubin wrote: <=lockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:ipx=ticcc solid;padding-left:lef> Let's talk in the =orning!! Where are you? Sent from my iPhone jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: wewill fly down to pb wed nov 25 for thanks=iving in pb.. take reid and joi to island on

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, September 19, 2014 5:17 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
Caribbean 
On Thursday, September 18, 2014, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
<=lockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:ipx=ticcc solid;padding-left:lef> Let's talk in the 
=orning!! 
Where are you? 
Sent from my iPhone 
jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
wewill fly down to pb wed nov 25 for thanks=iving in pb.. take reid and joi to island on the 28th boston on the 
=0th, ( check commercial flights that day ). stay in boston at the ch=rles night of 30, see everyone dec 1. martin etc 
p=ease note 
The information contained in this communication is 
co=fidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside inf=rmation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the p=operty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
com=unication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawfu=. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us im=ediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeev=cation@gmail.com <javascript:_e(%7B%=D,'cvml','jeevacation@gmail.com');> 
, and 
destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information=contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client=privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for=br>the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized =se, 
EFTA_R1_01653305 
EFTA02517868

disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this co=munication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or b= e-mail to 
jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01653306 
EFTA02517869

