# EFTA00028062 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** '
- **To:** <1
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Appellant/Petitioner Brief FILED"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/24/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: BRIEF, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/24/2020 by CM/ECF.[2938278] [20- 3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Adam Mueller, -: Laura Menninger, Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk: Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk Quality Control I Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: The following document(s) are

### Match 2
> copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/24/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: BRIEF, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/24/2020 by CM/ECF.[2938278] [20- 3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Adam Mueller, -: Laura Menninger, Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk: Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk Quality Control I Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: The following document

### Match 3
> From: ' To: <1 Subject: 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Appellant/Petitioner Brief FILED" Date: Thu, 24 Sep 2020 23:46:18 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed el

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/24/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: BRIEF, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/24/2020 by CM/ECF.[2938278] [20- 3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Adam Mueller, -: Laura Menninger, Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk: Gerard Whidbee,
