# EFTA00010129 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: (CRM)" < SANYS)" Subject: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Tue, 09 Nov 2021 12:33:02 +0000 Attachments: Zgmail.com_-_incoming.eml.pdf; 20210626_093804.jpg P,usdoj.gov> Colleagues, My office received the attached email as citizen correspondence. Because it references Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell, I am forwarding it to you for whatever

### Match 2
> < SANYS)" Subject: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Tue, 09 Nov 2021 12:33:02 +0000 Attachments: Zgmail.com_-_incoming.eml.pdf; 20210626_093804.jpg P,usdoj.gov> Colleagues, My office received the attached email as citizen correspondence. Because it references Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell, I am forwarding it to you for whatever consideration you deem appropriate. Consistent with our standard response, we will simply advise the writer to contact the FBI. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks very much, Deputy Chief tor Policy and Legislation Child Exploitation and

### Match 3
> From: To: (CRM)" < SANYS)" Subject: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Tue, 09 Nov 2021 12:33:02 +0000 Attachments: Zgmail.com_-_incoming.eml.pdf; 20210626_093804.jpg P,usdoj.gov> Colleagues, My office received the attached email as citizen correspondence. Because it references Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell, I am forwarding it to you for w

### Match 4
> < SANYS)" Subject: letter referencing Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Tue, 09 Nov 2021 12:33:02 +0000 Attachments: Zgmail.com_-_incoming.eml.pdf; 20210626_093804.jpg P,usdoj.gov> Colleagues, My office received the attached email as citizen correspondence. Because it references Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell, I am forwarding it to you for whatever consideration you deem appropriate. Consistent with our standard response, we will simply advise the writer to contact the FBI. Please let me know if you have any questions. Thanks very much, Deputy Chief tor Policy and Legislation Child Exploitat
