# EFTA02539335

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL, ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation, meeting, melinda

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Boris Nikolic|
|Sent||
|Subject|RE: Introduction|

---

**[FULL]:** the ideas around innovative finance and Lord knows, probably math and physics too. Not sure of everyone's travel plans but I recall that Michael may be in NYC next week. I've mentioned this introduction to each of your separately but figured that a formal linkage was the best next step. Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation P Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail 3 EFTA_R1_01687578 EFTA02539337

**[ORG]:** s around innovative finance and Lord knows, probably math and physics too. Not sure of everyone's travel plans but I recall that Michael may be in NYC next week. I've mentioned this introduction to each of your separately but figured that a formal linkage was the best next step. Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation P Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail 3 EFTA_R1_01687578 EFTA02539337

**[ORG]:** ive to the ideas around innovative finance and Lord knows, probably math and physics too. Not sure of everyone's travel plans but I recall that Michael may be in NYC next week. I've mentioned this introduction to each of your separately but figured that a formal linkage was the best next step. Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation P Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail 3 EFTA_R1_01687578 EFTA02539337

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Friday, May 13, 2011 12:31 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: Fwd: Introduction 
Great. I will put the date Michael is in NY in the calendar and put his email address in directory 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 13 May 2011 05:23:01 +0200 
To: Lesley Groffa
l> 
Subject: Fwd: Introduction 
Sent from my iPad 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: May 13, 2011 12:34:46 AM GMT+02:00 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoreevacation@ mail.com> >, 
Subject: RE: Introduction 
Dear all, 
Well, one should never disobey a lady, and so may I express my interest in the get-together that 
suggested? 
I am indeed in NY until next Thursday, but it's probably short notice for all of us -- plus my head is so full of 
relocation logistics that I won't be much good on real topics! My next visit is June 9-14, and I will then be in NY for good 
after July 3. 
Boris, I agree with you (as usual) on the Innovative Financing issue... and happy to lend a hand where 
appropriate/helpful. I understand that some consultants might already be on it... beating those around is a favourite 
pastime of mine (I can say this, having been one myself many years back). 
All the best, and looking forward to connecting --
EFTA_R1_01687576 
EFTA02539335

Michael 
From: 
Boris Nikolic < 
To: 
Date: 
10/05/2011 18:34 
Subject: 
RE: Introduction 
> > 
>, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Hi Michael, 
So sorry that I missed WEF meeting last week. It would be fun to hang out. 
Glad that you met M, 
a very close friend and our new YGL. I knew that you two would click well. 
Terrific that 
also made an introduction to Jeffrey. We should meet sometime soon (I think you will be 
spending significant time in NYC). 
You might want to think organizing a session on Innovative Financing mechanisms in Davos 2012. 
This is something we have been thinking a lot. And as you know Bill is preparing a report for G20 meeting later 
in year. 
Let's talk soon in more details, 
Again — sorry that I missed last week! 
All the best 
Boris 
From 
Sent: Tuesda , Ma 10, 2011 10:04 AM 
To 
Subject: Introduction 
Hello to the three of you. 
Boris Nikolic; Jeffrey Epstein 
2 
EFTA_R1_01687577 
EFTA02539336

Michael is a YGL and I spent some time with him in Cape Town and London — transitioning from Barclay to WEF 
very soon. 
I am constructing my very own Venn diagram between you guys....) think the overlap space has potential. 
There is perhaps quite a lot for you to discuss relative to the ideas around innovative finance and Lord knows, 
probably math and physics too. 
Not sure of everyone's travel plans but I recall that Michael may be in NYC next week. 
I've mentioned this introduction to each of your separately but figured that a formal linkage was the best next 
step. 
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 
P Please consider the environment before printing this e-mail 
3 
EFTA_R1_01687578 
EFTA02539337

