# EFTA02361696

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin < Sent: Wednesday, November 5, 2014 8:54 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: FW: I did not read it carefully enough:) Sent from my iPhone On Nov 5, 2014, at 3:08 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmailcom <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: please forward to this to glenn. he'll love it. wrote:

**[WORD]:** o glenn. he'll love it. wrote: On Wed, Nov 5, 2014 at 3:06 PM, Eva Dubi This is what the plaque will look like. I love it! On Nov 5, 2014, at 1:48 PM, McGarry, Gretch~Ella > wrote: > > Here's what Stewardship recommended. I think it's lovely. Let me know if it's good to go: In honor of The Dubin Breast Center for its incompatible level of care Jeffrey Epstein EFTA_R1_01353674 EFTA02361696 please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addresse

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin < 
Sent: 
Wednesday, November 5, 2014 8:54 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: FW: 
I did not read it carefully enough:) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 5, 2014, at 3:08 PM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmailcom <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
please forward to this to glenn. he'll love it. 
wrote: 
On Wed, Nov 5, 2014 at 3:06 PM, Eva Dubi 
This is what the plaque will look like. I love it! 
On Nov 5, 2014, at 1:48 PM, McGarry, Gretch~Ella 
> wrote: 
> > 
Here's what Stewardship recommended. I think it's lovely. Let me know if it's good to go: 
In honor of 
The Dubin Breast Center 
for its incompatible level of care 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_01353674 
EFTA02361696

please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtcyjeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01353675 
EFTA02361697

