# EFTA02425266

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Thu Apr 29 16:06:24 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmaitcomfjeevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Thur 4/29/2010 11:06:10 PM Subject: Re: I take my son to school fri mornings. but I'd love to stop by for a 30 min visit at around 9:15. Work for you? Front: Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Apr 29 16:06:24 2010 Subject: im in new york„ breakf

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmaitcomfjeevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Thur 4/29/2010 11:06:10 PM Subject: Re: I take my son to school fri mornings. but I'd love to stop by for a 30 min visit at around 9:15. Work for you? Front: Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Apr 29 16:06:24 2010 Subject: im in new york„ breakfast tomororw? ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is in

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcomfjeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Thur 4/29/2010 11:06:10 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I take my son to school fri mornings. but I'd love to stop by for a 30 min visit at around 9:15. Work for you? 
Front: Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Thu Apr 29 16:06:24 2010 
Subject: 
im in new york„ breakfast tomororw? 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@smail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1493528 
EFTA02425266

