# EFTA02453908

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: doctor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Richard Kah|
|To|Jeffrey Epste=n c'eevacation@ mail.com c'avascript: e(%78%7D,Icvmr,Thevacation@gmai=.coms);> >,|
|Sent||
|Subject|Lynn|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, August 16, 2016 3:54 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Lynn My accountant On Monday, 15 August 2016, Eva Dubin wrote:=br> Happy to... Who is Richard Kahn... the guy that=use to work for you....? - Forwarded messa e From: Richard Kah ><=r>Date: Mon, Aug 15, 2016 at 8:00 PM Subject: Lynn To: Jeffrey Epste=n c'eevacation@ mail.co

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, August 16, 2016 3:54 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Lynn My accountant On Monday, 15 August 2016, Eva Dubin wrote:=br> Happy to... Who is Richard Kahn... the guy that=use to work for you....? - Forwarded messa e From: Richard Kah ><=r>Date: Mon, Aug 15, 2016 at 8:00 PM Subject: Lynn To: Jeffrey Epste=n c'eevacation@ mail.com c'avascript: e(%78%7D,Icvmr,Thevacation@gmai=.coms);> >, Lesley Groff

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, August 16, 2016 3:54 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: Lynn 
My accountant 
On Monday, 15 August 2016, Eva Dubin 
wrote:=br> 
Happy to... 
Who is Richard Kahn... 
the guy that=use to work for you....? 
- Forwarded messa e 
From: Richard Kah 
><=r>Date: Mon, Aug 15, 2016 at 8:00 PM 
Subject: Lynn 
To: Jeffrey Epste=n c'eevacation@ mail.com c'avascript: e(%78%7D,Icvmr,Thevacation@gmai=.coms);> >, 
Lesley Groff 
I went to visit Lynn tonight. She was very happy to have company and seemed=fairly upbeat considering she was 
in pain. She is on a lot of painkillers =both oral and via Iv drip) to help her deal with the pain. In some convers=tions she 
was fearful of what is to come yet in other conversations =he said she wants to only work until age 68 (she is currently 
62). L=nn mentioned that the team of doctors have a meeting Wednesday to formulat= a treatment plan. I have 
attached her diagnosis along with her oncologist=(Jeffrey you may already have this info). She was hoping Eva could be 
part=of meeting or at least speak with doctor manish shah whose card is attache=. 
Rich 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_01555298 
EFTA02453908

Sent from my iPhone 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constit=te inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addresse=. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying =f this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and =ay be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication an= all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights r=served 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addresse=. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying =f this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and =ay be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and<=r>destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all atta=hments. copyright 
-all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01555299 
EFTA02453909

