# EFTA02430873

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <leeyacation@grnail.corn>|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Mon Feb 22 11:59:41 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comlleeyacation@gmail.corn] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Mon 2/22/2010 5:08:04 PM Subject: Re: I will if you'd like me to be there. G From: Jeffrey Epstein <leeyacation@grnail.corn> To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Mon Feb 22 11:59:41 2010 Subject: brigger woudl like to meet me on monday „ do you think you should be there as well. it might be

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comlleeyacation@gmail.corn] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Mon 2/22/2010 5:08:04 PM Subject: Re: I will if you'd like me to be there. G From: Jeffrey Epstein <leeyacation@grnail.corn> To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Mon Feb 22 11:59:41 2010 Subject: brigger woudl like to meet me on monday „ do you think you should be there as well. it might be helpful *t*t*t*t*t*t*t*****t*t*t*t*t*t***t***t*t***t*t*t*t*t*t*t*t* The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comlleeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent 
Mon 2/22/2010 5:08:04 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I will if you'd like me to be there. G 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <leeyacation@grnail.corn> 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: Mon Feb 22 11:59:41 2010 
Subject: 
brigger woudl like to meet me on monday „ do you think you should be there as well. it might be 
helpful 
*t*t*t*t*t*t*t*****t*t*t*t*t*t***t***t*t***t*t*t*t*t*t*t*t* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_0 1500950 
EFTA02430873

