# EFTA02351686

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: flight

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** cation@gmail=com> wrote: i will come to cambridge on th= 17th and fly back that night to new york . so it might w=rk perfectly On Tue, Sep 6, 2016 at 12:17 PM, ehbarak < wrote: Hi Jeff As of now plan=ed to be on the 17th September in Boston. Planned to be in NY on the 18th- &=bsp;20th for the Clinton Global Initiative last meeting. If you want we can come to NY one day earlier on the 1=th. We got a small pied-a-terre there (Mg. ) Best EB Sent=from my iPhone On 5 Sep 2016, at 18:27, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» wrote: w=II you be in cambridge on the 17th. ? <=r clear="all"> please note

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
ehbarak <-> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, September 6, 2016 10:32 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: touch base JE 
True. Except for the Keynsian (fully p=oven statement) that 'in the long run we are ALL dead'. 
On Tue, Sep 6, 2016 at 1:52 PM, ehbarak 
Hi Jeff 
Great. But is it sure? 
So that we can cancel other flight t=ckets? 
Best 
E8 
Sent from my iPhone 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> wrote: 
i will come to cambridge on th= 17th and fly back that night to new york . so it might w=rk perfectly 
On Tue, Sep 6, 2016 at 12:17 PM, ehbarak < 
wrote: 
Hi Jeff 
As of now plan=ed to be on the 17th September in Boston. Planned to be in NY on the 18th- &=bsp;20th 
for the Clinton Global Initiative last meeting. 
If you want we can come to NY one day earlier on the 1=th. We got a small pied-a-terre there (Mg. ) 
Best 
EB 
Sent=from my iPhone 
On 5 Sep 2016, at 18:27, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» wrote: 
w=II you be in cambridge on the 17th. ? <=r clear="all"> 
please note 
confidential, may be a=torney-client privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_01330242 
EFTA02351686

constitute inside information, and is inte=ded only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
U=authorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part t=ereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-m=il or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copi=s thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
=nbsp; please note 
The information contained in th=s communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may<=r>constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the=addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or c=pying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, an= 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all att=chments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The inf=rmation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney=client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended on=y for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthor=zed use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof=is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
return e-mail or=by e-mail to jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01330243 
EFTA02351687

3 
EFTA_R1_01330244 
EFTA02351688

