# EFTA02405986

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|e|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Wednesday, October 5, 2011 3:19 AM To: Jeffrey Subject: RE: oh no... Date: Wed, 5 Oct 2011 02:02:=1 +0200 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: 19th On Wed, Oct 5=2C 2011 at 1:15 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: When are you coming back? Date: Tue, 4 Oct 2011 22:58:08 =0200 Subjec

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Wednesday, October 5, 2011 3:19 AM To: Jeffrey Subject: RE: oh no... Date: Wed, 5 Oct 2011 02:02:=1 +0200 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: 19th On Wed, Oct 5=2C 2011 at 1:15 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: When are you coming back? Date: Tue, 4 Oct 2011 22:58:08 =0200 Subject: Re: From: jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> To: e yes on Tue, Oct 4, 2011 at 8:21 PM, Eva Dubin > wrote: Can I ask for 20/30 names of=people that I can invite to the December 12th Dubin Brea

**[FULL]:** =1 +0200 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: 19th On Wed, Oct 5=2C 2011 at 1:15 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: When are you coming back? Date: Tue, 4 Oct 2011 22:58:08 =0200 Subject: Re: From: jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> To: e yes on Tue, Oct 4, 2011 at 8:21 PM, Eva Dubin > wrote: Can I ask for 20/30 names of=people that I can invite to the December 12th Dubin Breast Cent=r gala at the Mandarin? Will you come and take a tabl=? If you come I will give a speech.<=u> The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged

**[WORD]:** Eva Dubin wrote: When are you coming back? Date: Tue, 4 Oct 2011 22:58:08 =0200 Subject: Re: From: jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> To: e yes on Tue, Oct 4, 2011 at 8:21 PM, Eva Dubin > wrote: Can I ask for 20/30 names of=people that I can invite to the December 12th Dubin Breast Cent=r gala at the Mandarin? Will you come and take a tabl=? If you come I will give a speech.<=u> The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may=br> constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of theriaddressee.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 5, 2011 3:19 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey 
Subject: 
RE: 
oh no... 
Date: Wed, 5 Oct 2011 02:02:=1 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
19th 
On Wed, Oct 5=2C 2011 at 1:15 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
When are you coming back? 
Date: Tue, 4 Oct 2011 22:58:08 =0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: e 
yes 
on Tue, Oct 4, 2011 at 8:21 PM, Eva Dubin 
> wrote: 
Can I ask 
for 20/30 names of=people that I can invite to the December 12th Dubin Breast Cent=r gala at 
the Mandarin? Will you come and take a tabl=? If you come I will give a speech.<=u> 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may=br> constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of theriaddressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use=2C disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is s=rictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
EFTA_R1_01447391 
EFTA02405986

have received this communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attac=ments. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
******** ******•*****•**=••• ******* **it ********* • ******* ***** 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may=br> constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the=addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use=2C disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is s=rictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attac=ments. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01447392 
EFTA02405987

