# EFTA00032823 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 23

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> DRAFT — October 20, 2021 Juror ID: UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK X UNITED STATES OF AMERICA -v- GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - _ - _ - _ - _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ INSTRUCTION SHEET X 20 Cr. 330 (MN) JURY QUESTIONNAIRE Dear Juror: Please call (212) 805 0158 on November 15, 2021 after 6:00 p.m. for further reporting instructions. Please bring this ins

### Match 2
> of the questionnaire. SUMMARY OF THE CASE The Court is selecting a jury for a trial commencing on Monday, November 29, 2021. Although it is never possible to predict the length of a trial, currently this trial is expected to last approximately six weeks. This is a criminal case. The Defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell, has been charged in an Indictment with various criminal offenses. The Indictment is not evidence. It simply contains the charges—referred to as "counts"—that the Government intends to prove to the jury at trial beyond a reasonable doubt. The charges in the Indictment stem from allegations that

### Match 3
> to the following individuals. If you have only heard the names through media or social media, for example, that is not personal knowledge. 32a. 32h. Pe. Do you or does any member of your family or a close friend personally know or have past or present dealings with the Defendant in this case, Ghislaine Maxwell, or her family members? K Yes K No Do you or does any member of your family or a close friend personally know or have past or present dealings with Jeffrey Epstein? K Yes K No Do you or does any member of your family or a close friend personally know or have past or present dealings with t

### Match 4
> DRAFT — October 20, 2021 Juror ID: UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK X UNITED STATES OF AMERICA -v- GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - _ - _ - _ - _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ INSTRUCTION SHEET X 20 Cr. 330 (MN) JURY QUESTIONNAIRE Dear Juror: Please call (212) 805 0158 on November 15, 2021 after 6:00 p.m. for further reporting instructions. Please bring

### Match 5
> of the questionnaire. SUMMARY OF THE CASE The Court is selecting a jury for a trial commencing on Monday, November 29, 2021. Although it is never possible to predict the length of a trial, currently this trial is expected to last approximately six weeks. This is a criminal case. The Defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell, has been charged in an Indictment with various criminal offenses. The Indictment is not evidence. It simply contains the charges—referred to as "counts"—that the Government intends to prove to the jury at trial beyond a reasonable doubt. The charges in the Indictment stem from allegati

### Match 6
> to the following individuals. If you have only heard the names through media or social media, for example, that is not personal knowledge. 32a. 32h. Pe. Do you or does any member of your family or a close friend personally know or have past or present dealings with the Defendant in this case, Ghislaine Maxwell, or her family members? K Yes K No Do you or does any member of your family or a close friend personally know or have past or present dealings with Jeffrey Epstein? K Yes K No Do you or does any member of your family or a close friend personally know or have past or present dealing

### Match 7
> in sexual activity for which a person can be charged with a criminal offense, and aiding and abetting the same. Count Five charges the Defendant with participating in a sex trafficking conspiracy. Count Six charges the Defendant with sex trafficking of a minor, and aiding and abetting the same. Ms. Maxwell has pled not guilty to all charges. Ms. Maxwell is presumed innocent, and before she can be found guilty on any charge, the jury must find that the Government has proven each element of that crime beyond a reasonable doubt. -4- EFTA00032826 Juror ID: SCHEDULE Potential jurors will be called b

### Match 8
> arged with a criminal offense, and aiding and abetting the same. Count Five charges the Defendant with participating in a sex trafficking conspiracy. Count Six charges the Defendant with sex trafficking of a minor, and aiding and abetting the same. Ms. Maxwell has pled not guilty to all charges. Ms. Maxwell is presumed innocent, and before she can be found guilty on any charge, the jury must find that the Government has proven each element of that crime beyond a reasonable doubt. -4- EFTA00032826 Juror ID: SCHEDULE Potential jurors will be called back for further questioning and jury selection f

### Match 9
> F CASE AND PEOPLE This case has been widely reported in the national and local media. There is nothing wrong with having heard something about this case. It is important to answer all of the following questions truthfully and fully. 33. Before today, had you read, seen, or heard anything about Ms. Maxwell? K Yes K No K Unsure 33a. 34. If yes or unsure, please state what you remember hearing, and how or from whom you may have heard (e.g., a friend, the newspaper, a website, social media). If you heard about Ms. Maxwell from a media source, please identify the media source by name: Have you

### Match 10
> and fully. 33. Before today, had you read, seen, or heard anything about Ms. Maxwell? K Yes K No K Unsure 33a. 34. If yes or unsure, please state what you remember hearing, and how or from whom you may have heard (e.g., a friend, the newspaper, a website, social media). If you heard about Ms. Maxwell from a media source, please identify the media source by name: Have you personally formed an opinion about Ms. Maxwell's guilt or innocence of the crimes charged as a result of anything you have heard, read or seen? K Yes K No K Unsure K Not applicable, I have not read/seen/heard about Ms. M
