# EFTA02620734

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: foundation, philanthrop, meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, September 13, 2017 7:06 PM To: Anas Alrasheed Subject: Re: your gifts were unncessary but greatly appreciated On Wed, Sep 13= 2017 at 2:46 PM, msg from touchl=ne We have media platform in the region call=d philanthropy age with gates foundation. T=e guys who are working with us is Kofi Rashid Gates foundation a=visor who report dirctly to bill This is the link http://=ww.philanthropyage.org <http://www.philanthropyage.org> wrote: Please ask him n=t to focus on philanthropy age ... As its is one aspect of the over all de=iverables t

**[ORG]:** ember 13, 2017 7:06 PM To: Anas Alrasheed Subject: Re: your gifts were unncessary but greatly appreciated On Wed, Sep 13= 2017 at 2:46 PM, msg from touchl=ne We have media platform in the region call=d philanthropy age with gates foundation. T=e guys who are working with us is Kofi Rashid Gates foundation a=visor who report dirctly to bill This is the link http://=ww.philanthropyage.org <http://www.philanthropyage.org> wrote: Please ask him n=t to focus on philanthropy age ... As its is one aspect of the over all de=iverables thnx Sent from my iPhone jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, September 13, 2017 7:06 PM 
To: 
Anas Alrasheed 
Subject: 
Re: 
your gifts were unncessary but greatly appreciated 
On Wed, Sep 13= 2017 at 2:46 PM, 
msg from touchl=ne 
We have media platform in the region call=d philanthropy age with gates foundation. 
T=e guys who are working with us is 
Kofi Rashid Gates foundation a=visor who report dirctly to bill 
This is the link 
http://=ww.philanthropyage.org <http://www.philanthropyage.org> 
wrote: 
Please ask him n=t to focus on philanthropy age ... As its is one aspect of the over all de=iverables 
thnx 
Sent from my iPhone 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@=mail.com> wrote: 
</=iv> 
Wed at 2? 
On Wed, Sep 13, 2017 at 12:26 AM 
rote: 
hi habebey i m in new york .. the sooner we meet the faster i g= back to be with my son on his 
first week in a new school.. 
if you =ussy dont worry i can wait until thursday 
thnx again 
Sent f=om my iPhone 
On Sep 9, 2017, at 7:43=PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
see you then :) 
EFTA_R1_01827058 
EFTA02620734

On Sat, Sep 9, 2017 at 6:42 PM, 
ote: 
thursday at 6 pm? is that ok? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 9, 2017, at 7:40 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevaca=ion@gmail.com» wrote: 
<=r> 
the house by now 
when is good for you? la=e thurs? fri lunch whatever you prefer. 
On Sat, Sep 9, 2017 at 6:35=P 
wrote: 
very well .. plz when you have a minute send =e the date and the time .. i know 
Sent=from my i Phone 
On Sep 9, 2017, at 7:31 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.=om 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
of cour=e 
On Sa=, Sep 9, 2017 at 6:30 PM 
> wrote: 
a4o=82 
are we meeting in new york? 
On Sep 9, 2017, at 7:16 PM, jeffrey E. &=t;jeevacation@g=ail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
is=this some sort of perverted question :) 
12 a=erican . of course 
On Sat, Sep 9, 2017 at 5:40 PM, 
wrote: 
=hat is your shoes size if you dont mind me asking? 
Sent from my iPh=ne 
2 
EFTA_R1_01827059 
EFTA02620735

On Sep 9, 2017, at 4:30 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> =rote: 
l=think trump tut the legs off your guy . He would like to cake all the cred=t If 
there isa deal or be seen to be strong on terror 
=br> 
On Sat, Sep 9, 2017 at 2:34 AM jeffrey =. <jeevacati=n@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
See you I in. Ew york thurs? 
On Fri, Sep 8, 2017 at 11:48 PM 
=wrote: 
tame= just called mbs .. he want to sit and talk breakthrough 
Sent fr=m my iPhone 
On Sep 8, 201=, at 1:33 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
I will get larson to call =ou 
On F=i, Sep 8, 2017 at 12:26 PM, 
cmailt 
rote: 
blockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:lp= ficcc 
solid;padding-left:lex"> 
i will bring you some=kuwaiti gifts but not food° 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 8, 2017, at 11:52 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailtojeevaca=ion@gmail.com» wrote: 
<=r> 
what is your schedule in new y=rk how long will you be there? 
n Fri, Sep 8, 2017 at 9:09 AM, 
<mai 
ote: 
things look very bad in the gulf .. my feeling trump do n=t want to end it 
Sent from my iPhone 
3 
EFTA_R1_01827060 
EFTA02620736

On Sep 8, 2017, =t 2:28 AM, Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
your man did well. congragulations 
please note 
The=information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is inten=ed only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
U=authorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part=thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have receive= this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return=e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and al= copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reser=ed 
Q=A0 please note 
The information contained in this communicati=n is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute=inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. =t is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of =his 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may=be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please n=tify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com> , and 
=estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01827061 
EFTA02620737

please note<=r> 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential,=may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, a=d is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of<=r>JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication =r any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you h=ve received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately b= 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communica=ion and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all r=ghts reserved 
Q=A0 
please note 
The information conta=ned in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privi=eged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
th= use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, d=sclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strict=y prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communic=tion in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-ma=l to jeevacatio=@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof,<=r>including all 
attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please=note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confide=tial, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informat=on, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the proper=y of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communic=tion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If=you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immedia=ely by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmai=.com> , and 
destroy this com=unication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright =all rights reserved 
5 
EFTA_R1_01827062 
EFTA02620738

p=ease note 
The information contained in this communication is 
co=fidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside inf=rmation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the p=operty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
com=unication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawfu=. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us im=ediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> , and 
destroy thi= communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyr=ght -all rights reserved 
please note 
Th= information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be at=orney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
=nauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any par= thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have receiv=d this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retur= e-mail or by e-mail to <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
4o=A0 please note 
The information contained in this communicati=n is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute=inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. =t is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of =his 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may=be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please n=tify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com> , and 
=estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
6 
EFTA_R1_01827063 
EFTA02620739

including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
<=div> 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and a=l copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights rese=ved 
--94eb2c1165a41369b1055916da43-- conversation-id 32257 date-last-viewed 0 
date-received 1505329566 flags 8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 749594 
7 
EFTA_R1_01827064 
EFTA02620740

