# EFTA02421839

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Eva Dubin|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation@gmail.com] From: Sent Sat 10/2/2010 4:25:58 PM Subject: Re: I am walking with Ghislainc Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry From: Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> Date: Sat, 2 Oct 2010 07:53:08 +0200 To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: to do what? On Sat, Oct 2, 2010 at 6:09 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: I need a house keeper for a few hours tomorrow. Do you know of anyone???? *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cl

**[FULL]:** tion@gmail.com] From: Sent Sat 10/2/2010 4:25:58 PM Subject: Re: I am walking with Ghislainc Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry From: Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> Date: Sat, 2 Oct 2010 07:53:08 +0200 To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: to do what? On Sat, Oct 2, 2010 at 6:09 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: I need a house keeper for a few hours tomorrow. Do you know of anyone???? *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended o

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Sat 10/2/2010 4:25:58 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I am walking with Ghislainc 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 2 Oct 2010 07:53:08 +0200 
To: Eva Dubin 
Subject: Re: 
to do what? 
On Sat, Oct 2, 2010 at 6:09 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
I need a house keeper for a few hours tomorrow. Do you know of anyone???? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jcevacationOgmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1488299 
EFTA02421839

