# EFTA02410111

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <ieeyacationeomail.com>|
|To|Al seckel <aseckel@vahoo.com>|
|Sent|Thu, July 8, 2010 11:59:38 AM|
|Subject|Re: New York|

---

**[ORG]:** el and I are traveling to Washington on the 10-14th, as we have a very high end meeting with many of Obama's top advisors at the WH, as well as meetings with OPIC, and other government agencies. Then, we have to go to NY between the 15th - 18th, as we have more meetings there, including with the Clinton Foundation and the UN. This is all related to our water project, which is taking off. Isabel and I were wondering if you still had apartments we could stay at in New York during the nights of the 15-18th? And, also, if you would be in NY at that time, and we could all catch up. Hope all is well

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.comj 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Thur 7/8/2010 7:37:14 PM 
Subject RE: New York 
Got it. I will touch base with Mr. Seckel 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, July 08, 2010 3:02 PM 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Fwd: New York 
 
Forward 
From: Al seckel 
Date: Thu, Jul 8, 
1 at : 1 
Subject: Re: New York 
To: Jeffrey Epstein leevacationagmail.com>
Do you mean call you on Saturday? 
Also, would it be possible for me and Isi to stay in one of your NY apts on those dates described 
below? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <ieeyacationeomail.com>
To: Al seckel <aseckel@vahoo.com>
Sent: Thu, July 8, 2010 11:59:38 AM 
Subject: Re: New York 
pb over the weekend 
On Thu, Jul 8, 2010 at 2:32 PM, Al seckel 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01470671 
EFTA02410111

Hi Jeff, 
Hope you are well. Let's catch up by phone when you have a moment. Been pretty busy on this 
end. Isabel and I are traveling to Washington on the 10-14th, as we have a very high end meeting 
with many of Obama's top advisors at the WH, as well as meetings with OPIC, and other 
government agencies. Then, we have to go to NY between the 15th - 18th, as we have more 
meetings there, including with the Clinton Foundation and the UN. This is all related to our water 
project, which is taking off. 
Isabel and I were wondering if you still had apartments we could stay at in New York during the 
nights of the 15-18th? And, also, if you would be in NY at that time, and we could all catch up. 
Hope all is well and exciting in your world. Looking forward to catching up. 
When do you want to do your get together? Can we discuss? 
Cheers, 
MC 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01470672 
EFTA02410112

************** 
**** 
********** 
* ******* 
*********************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacationaemail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01470673 
EFTA02410113

