# EFTA02556935

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: royal

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj|
|To|Peter Mandelson|
|Sent|Friday, July 06, 2012 02:04 PM|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Peter Mandelson Sent: Friday, July 6, 2012 1:05 PM To: jeevacation@gmail.com* Subject: Re: But not in royal box like Andrew Original Message From: Jeffrey Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj Sent: Friday, July 06, 2012 02:04 PM To: Peter Mandelson Subject: Re: Show off Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Jul 6, 2012, at 8:27 AM, Peter Mandelson > At centre court wimbledon... wrote: > Original Messag

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Peter Mandelson 
Sent: 
Friday, July 6, 2012 1:05 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com* 
Subject: 
Re: 
But not in royal box like Andrew 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Imailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Friday, July 06, 2012 02:04 PM 
To: Peter Mandelson 
Subject: Re: 
Show off 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 6, 2012, at 8:27 AM, Peter Mandelson 
> At centre court wimbledon... 
wrote: 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Jeffrey [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
> Sent: Friday, July 06, 2012 01:04 PM 
> To: Peter Mandelson 
> Speak? 
> Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
> Disclaimer 
> This email and any attachments to it may be confidential and are intended=solely for the use of the individual to 
whom it is addressed. Any views or=opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily r=present 
those of Global Counsel LLP. If you are not the intended recipient=of this email, you must neither take any action based 
upon its contents, n=r copy or show it to anyone. Please contact the sender if you believe you =ave received this email in 
error. Global Counsel LIP is a limited liabilit= partnership registered in England with number OC359787, registered 
office=27 Farm Street, London WIJ SRJ. 
Disclaimer 
This email and any attachments to it may be confidential and are intended s=lely for the use of the individual to whom it 
is addressed. Any views or o=inions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily rep=esent those of 
Global Counsel LLP. If you are not the intended recipient o= this email, you must neither take any action based upon its 
contents, nor=copy or show it to anyone. Please contact the sender if you believe you haze received this email in error. 
Global Counsel LLP is a limited liability =artnership registered in England with number OC359787, registered office 2= 
Farm Street, London W1J SRJ. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF•8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "I/Apple/MID PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList•1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
EFTA_R1_01715758 
EFTA02556935

<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>224676</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<I nteger>1341579875</i nteger> 
<key>flags</key> 
<I nteger>8590195713</i nteger> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>233770</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01715759 
EFTA02556936

