# EFTA02505488

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. EFTA_R1_01635451 EFTA02505488 New York, NY 10022 tel fa ce Begin forwarded message: <=iv style="margin-top:Opx;margin-right:Opx;margin-bottom:Opx;margin- left:=px">From: Dominique Nameche < target="_ Subject: Date: April 7, 2015 at 10:10:34 AM ED= Hi Richard, Jean Luc Brunel a=k me to emailed you and to let you know that the movers will be there on A=ril 13th and the apartment will be empty by the end of the day.=u> Sincerely. =C2 Regards, =ominique Nameche 2 EFTA_R1_01635452 EFTA02505489 =AO please note The information contained in this communicati=n is con

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, April 7, 2015 2:29 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: jeanluc brunel appartment 301 west 66th av 
call me 
On Tue, Apr 7, 2015 at 10:28 AM, Richard Kahn 
wrote: 
wrote: 
not sure on furniture 
please le= me know who you would like to be there (sue, myself, gregory,..) in =ddition to Anthony 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fa 
cel 
> > 
On Apr 7, 2015, at 10:27 AM, jeffre= E. <jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
is it all jean=lucs furniture? we should have someone there. 
On Tue, Apr 7, 2015 at =0:18 AM, Richard Kahn 
» wrote= 
aft=r just speaking with anthony he informed me that lL housekeeper showed up =n saturday 
and must have made JL aware of notice with april 13th date post=d on his door 
they cannot just send movers to building without mgmt co=(anthony approval) along with 
proper insurance requirements from moving co=pany 
please advise 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
EFTA_R1_01635451 
EFTA02505488

New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fa 
ce 
Begin forwarded message: 
<=iv style="margin-top:Opx;margin-right:Opx;margin-bottom:Opx;margin-
left:=px">From: Dominique Nameche < 
target="_ 
Subject: 
Date: April 7, 2015 at 10:10:34 AM ED= 
Hi Richard, 
Jean Luc Brunel a=k me to emailed you and to let you know that the movers will be 
there on A=ril 13th and the apartment will be empty by the end of the day.=u> 
Sincerely. 
=C2 
Regards, 
=ominique Nameche 
2 
EFTA_R1_01635452 
EFTA02505489

=AO please note 
The information contained in this communicati=n is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute=inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. =t is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of =his 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may=be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please n=tify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:reevacation@gmail.com> , and 
=estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to 
jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01635453 
EFTA02505490

