# EFTA02432377

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Frl Jan 08 14:23:45 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comUeeyacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 1/8/2010 7:33:51 PM Subject: Re: I have left him a message. He will call me back. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Frl Jan 08 14:23:45 2010 Subject: did Steve ross give you an answer? ******* *************** ******** ****** ********

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comUeeyacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 1/8/2010 7:33:51 PM Subject: Re: I have left him a message. He will call me back. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Frl Jan 08 14:23:45 2010 Subject: did Steve ross give you an answer? ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is int

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comUeeyacationellgmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Fri 1/8/2010 7:33:51 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I have left him a message. He will call me back. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Frl Jan 08 14:23:45 2010 
Subject: 
did Steve ross give you an answer? 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@smail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01503025 
EFTA02432377

