# EFTA02445525

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: president, hillary, donor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** Jeffrey, Here are the final four candidates for Female Economist of the Year 2009. I will be going over there on Friday to interview. Like very much to see what you think. I hope you can open the attached cv as welt. We'll have the big gala at Confidancen theater on June 1 to which I had invited Hillary Clinton when I met her, but she is elsewhere engaged these days.. perhaps she can come to our 10 year anniversary next year if the school gives her my honorary doctors degree.. I am going down to Washington Tuesday for dinner with my relative there Jonas HafstrOm Swedish Ambassador but I am hop

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

Carolina Lindholm 
Hej hej Jeffrey, 
Here are the final four candidates for Female Economist of the Year 2009. I will be going over there on Friday to 
interview. Like very much to see what you think. I hope you can open the attached cv as welt. We'll have the big 
gala at Confidancen theater on June 1 to which I had invited Hillary Clinton when I met her, but she is elsewhere 
engaged these days.. perhaps she can come to our 10 year anniversary next year if the school gives her my 
honorary doctors degree.. I am going down to Washington Tuesday for dinner with my relative there Jonas 
HafstrOm Swedish Ambassador but I am hoping to talk to you this week before leaving. - I think Freja would be 
quite perfect for you....but, I am thinking for you! Did you like young Sofia that I sent you last week? Heard that 
Dr Eva is going to Swedish Consulate dinner for the president of Karolinska Institute this week, are you involved 
with KI as a donor?? Anyway, hope you are ok glad you're looking forward to getting married..! Kram Barbro 
EFTA_R1_01523463 
EFTA02445525

Jing Yuan 
EFTA_R1_01523464 
EFTA02445526

Louise GOransson 
EFTA_R1_01523465 
EFTA02445527

Petra Rydman 
Check all of your email inboxes from anywhere on the web. Try the new Email Toolbar now! 
EFTA_R1_01523466 
EFTA02445528

