# EFTA02543083

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, model, flight

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein=sieevacation=gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|To|</alean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** but found 4 models for Miam=. 3 girls 1 guy. I guess I come back Tuesday after chaos at airport caused=by NY flights cancellation Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein=sieevacation=gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Date: Sat, 27 Aug 2011 13:20:22 +0200 To: </alean Luc Brunel Subject: I l<tel:970%20274%204456> .. any thing i=teresting in contest The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of Jeffrey Epste

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Saturda Au ust 27 2011 12:46 PM 
Re: 
at a 5 psa at your age.. unlikely. you will probably need a biopsy =sometime in the next two years. nothing more. 
On Sat, Aug 27, 2011 at 2:38 PM, 
ote: 
I hope I don't have to go as =ar and don't need to operate. Nothing much but found 4 models for Miam=. 3 girls 
1 guy. I guess I come back Tuesday after chaos at airport caused=by NY flights cancellation 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein=sieevacation=gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Sat, 27 Aug 2011 13:20:22 +0200 
To: </alean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
I
l<tel:970%20274%204456> .. any thing i=teresting in contest 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the=property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying=of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unla=ful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us=immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacat=on@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01694325 
EFTA02543083

The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01694326 
EFTA02543084

