# EFTA02638610

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: hillary, bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Accounting presentations|

---

**[FULL]:** y E." <jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Cc: Leon Black < <maia > > We are indeed looking at = different products. Have narrowed it down to 2. We are thinking abo=t it the same way you are. We have hired Tania Nield, a family office IT consultant (most famous for s=tting up Hillary Clinton's home office servers). In addition to simply automating presentations, a key focus for us is integ=ating into a database. If we pay a bill for landscaping in Bedford or make=a trust's capital contribution for an investment, we need that to both=show up both on financial statements and be 

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, August 31, 2017 11:33 AM 
To: 
Leon Black 
Subject: 
Fwd: Accounting presentations 
All info disclosed to WHOLE office.. BEWARE 
 
Forwarded messa e 
From= Barry J. Cohen < 
<mailto 
=ate: Thu, Aug 31, 2017 at 7:21 AM 
Subject: Accounting presentations 
=o: "jeffrey E." <jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Cc: Leon Black < 
<maia 
> > 
We are indeed looking at = different products. Have narrowed it down to 2. We are thinking abo=t it the same way you 
are. 
We have hired Tania Nield, a family office IT consultant (most famous for s=tting up Hillary Clinton's home office 
servers). 
In addition to simply automating presentations, a key focus for us is integ=ating into a database. If we pay a bill for 
landscaping in Bedford or make=a trust's capital contribution for an investment, we need that to both=show up both on 
financial statements and be appropriately tagged in a data=ase for future retrieval and slicing/dicing type analyses. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 31, 2017, at 7:12 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> » wrote: 
ask for 5 diffferent versions. there are many wealth prog=ams. . best of class should be easy for them.. t=ey need to 
be useful, as they only for internal use. =A0separate from gaming and bank. . especially trust presentati=ns 
On Thu, Aug 31, 2017 at 7:03 AM, Barry J. Cohen < 
<mailto 
<mailto 
<mailt 
> wrote: 
We are working with a consultant to upgrade our accounting system, which is=currently Quickbooks. So we are seeing a 
wide variety. 
Our approach is mostly the following: "We like our presentations= How can we automate them?" 
I think you are saying the same thing on the second point. Are you also say=ng that you think the presentation formats 
can be improved? If so, i= would be helpful to know which ones, so we can get examples of alternativ= styles. We have 
numerous formats for various types of reports. 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_01870263 
EFTA02638610

On Aug 31, 2017, at 6:39 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com»<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com> <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>» wr=te: 
can you ask for sample family office presentations . you=should look at 5 different types. . assets. cash f=ow. etc. 
estate . lets see if it can =et computerized 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> <mailto:j<=br>eevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevaca=ion@gmail.com> », and destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved This email and any files transmitted with it are 
confidential and intended =olely for the person or entity to whom they are addressed and may contain =onfidential 
and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, dissem=nation or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance 
upon this info=mation by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibi=ed. If you have received this 
email in error please contact the sender and=delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> <mailto:j<=br>eevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com», and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended =olely for the 
person or entity to whom they are addressed and may contain =onfidential and/or privileged material. Any review, 
retransmission, dissem=nation or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this info=mation by persons or 
entities other than the intended recipient is prohibi=ed. If you have received this email in error please contact the 
sender and=delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
=AO please note 
The information contained in this commu=ication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may cons=itute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addre=see. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copyi=g of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited a=d may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, pl=ase notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
2 
EFTA_R1_01870264 
EFTA02638611

jeevacation@gmail.com, a=d destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all a=tachments, copyright -all 
rights reserved 
--001a113a1a6Odef12805580b00f1-- conversation-id 33155 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1504179166 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 745184 
3 
EFTA_R1_01870265 
EFTA02638612

