# EFTA02682295

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff < > Sent: Monday, January 27, 2014 4:05 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Andrew Farkas Please see below from Chelsie in Andrew Farkas' office and advise: Andrew mentioned that Jeffrey was going to organize an appointment for =s to make a presentation to the sovereign wealth fund of Norway. Do you =ave any dates that we can work with for that? Thanks! Chelsie=?xml version=

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff < > Sent: Monday, January 27, 2014 4:05 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Andrew Farkas Please see below from Chelsie in Andrew Farkas' office and advise: Andrew mentioned that Jeffrey was going to organize an appointment for =s to make a presentation to the sovereign wealth fund of Norway. Do you =ave any dates that we can work with for that? Thanks! Chelsie=?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff < > Sent: Monday, January 27, 2014 4:05 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Andrew Farkas Please see below from Chelsie in Andrew Farkas' office and advise: Andrew mentioned that Jeffrey was going to organize an appointment for =s to make a presentation to the sovereign wealth fund of Norway. Do you =ave any dates that we can work with for that? Thanks! Chelsie=?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lesley Groff <
> 
Sent: 
Monday, January 27, 2014 4:05 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Andrew Farkas 
Please see below from Chelsie in Andrew Farkas' office and advise: 
Andrew mentioned that Jeffrey was going to organize an appointment for =s to make a presentation to the sovereign 
wealth fund of Norway. Do you =ave any dates that we can work with for that? 
Thanks! 
Chelsie=?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" 
"http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integerainteger> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer 
/integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>7</integer> 
<integer>27</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>383732</string> 
</diet> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01996290 
EFTA02682295

