# EFTA02414953

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, royal

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Fwd: Strictly Confidential|

---

**[WORD]:** ctly Confidential Harry Biog - March 2010.ppt He's thinking of setting up on his own, ideally as JV with an established institution. His existing UK clients plus targeting Chinese HNWI for future growth. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, Registered in Scotland No. 90312. Registered Office: 36 St Andrew Square, Edinburgh EH2 2YB Authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. This e-mail message is confidential and for use by the addressee only. If the message is received by anyone other than the addressee, please return the message to the sender by replying to it and then del

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey EpsteinBeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
David Stern 
Sent: 
Sun 11/21/2010 11:00:57 PM 
Subject: Fwd: Strictly Confidential 
Harry Biog - March 2010.ppt 
He's thinking of setting up on his own, ideally as JV with an established institution. His 
existing UK clients plus targeting Chinese HNWI for future growth. 
The Royal Bank of Scotland plc, Registered in Scotland No. 
90312. Registered Office: 36 St Andrew Square, 
Edinburgh EH2 2YB 
Authorised and regulated by the Financial Services 
Authority. 
This e-mail message is confidential and for use by the 
addressee only. If the message is received by anyone 
other than the addressee, please return the message to 
the sender by replying to it and then delete the 
message from your computer. Internet e-mails are not 
necessarily secure. The Royal Bank of Scotland plc does 
not accept responsibility for changes made to this 
message after it was sent. 
Whilst all reasonable care has been taken to avoid the 
transmission of viruses, it is the responsibility of 
the recipient to ensure that the onward transmission, 
opening or use of this message and any attachments will 
not adversely affect its systems or data. No 
responsibility is accepted by The Royal Bank of 
Scotland plc in this regard and the recipient should 
carry out such virus and other checks as it considers 
appropriate. 
The contents of this message may be privileged and confidential. Therefore, if this message has 
been received in error, please delete it without reading it. Your receipt of this message is not 
intended to waive any applicable privilege. Please do not disseminate this message without the 
EFTA_R1_01478106 
EFTA02414953

permission of the author. 
*********************************************************************** 
****** 
Any tax advice contained in this email was not intended to be used, and cannot be used, by you 
(or any other taxpayer) to avoid penalties under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
EFTA_R1_01478107 
EFTA02414954

