# EFTA02231414

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff [ta=ill|
|To|Dowling, David|
|Sent|Tuesday, November 28, 2017 3:56 PM|
|Subject|Re: Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Andrew Farkas From: Lesley Groff Sent Wed 11/29/2017 2:01:02 AM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Hi Sorry...just seeing this...1'm sure all was fine. On Nov 28, 2017, at 5:40 PM, Dowling, David •c > wrote: Hey Andrew is running 15 mins late or so Sent from my iPhone On Nov 28, 2017, at 3:57 PM, Les

**[WORD]:** To: Andrew Farkas From: Lesley Groff Sent Wed 11/29/2017 2:01:02 AM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Hi Sorry...just seeing this...1'm sure all was fine. On Nov 28, 2017, at 5:40 PM, Dowling, David •c > wrote: Hey Andrew is running 15 mins late or so Sent from my iPhone On Nov 28, 2017, at 3:57 PM, Lesley Groff <=illn > wrote: super! On Nov 28, 2017, at 3:56 PM, Dowling, David wrote: yes Original Message From: Lesley Groff [ta=ill ] Sent: Tuesday, November 28, 2017 3:56 PM To: Dowling, David Subject: R

**[WORD]:** 2017, at 1:00 PM, Dowling, David wrote: Hey Sorry! im still trying to get an answer. Will let you know. am Original Message From: Lesley Groff mailto Sent: Tuesday, November 28, 2017 12:58 PM To: Dowling, David Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hi David...just circling back...any word on when Andrew could stop by to see Jeffrey? Or Jeffrey stop by to see Andrew this week? EFTA_R1_00985037 EFTA02231415 Thanks Lesley This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication ma

**[WORD]:** rying to get an answer. Will let you know. am Original Message From: Lesley Groff mailto Sent: Tuesday, November 28, 2017 12:58 PM To: Dowling, David Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hi David...just circling back...any word on when Andrew could stop by to see Jeffrey? Or Jeffrey stop by to see Andrew this week? EFTA_R1_00985037 EFTA02231415 Thanks Lesley This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, privil

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Andrew Farkas 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Wed 11/29/2017 2:01:02 AM 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Sorry...just seeing this...1'm sure all was fine. 
On Nov 28, 2017, at 5:40 PM, Dowling, David •c
> wrote: 
Hey 
Andrew is running 15 mins late or so 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 28, 2017, at 3:57 PM, Lesley Groff <=illn
> wrote: 
super! 
On Nov 28, 2017, at 3:56 PM, Dowling, David 
wrote: 
yes 
 
Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff [ta=ill
] 
Sent: Tuesday, November 28, 2017 3:56 PM 
To: Dowling, David 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
OK! I assume tonight at 6pm...that works! 
On Nov 28, 2017, at 3:45 PM, Dowling, 
David allIMIS 
wrote: 
He said he will be there at 6pm 
EFTA_R1_00985036 
EFTA02231414

Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff 
mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, November 28, 2017 1:04 PM 
To: Dowling, David 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
ok, thanks 
On Nov 28, 2017, at 1:00 PM, 
Dowling, David 
wrote: 
Hey 
Sorry! im still trying to get an 
answer. Will let you know. am 
Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff 
mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, November 28, 
2017 12:58 PM 
To: Dowling, David 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi David...just circling 
back...any word on when 
Andrew could stop by to see 
Jeffrey? Or Jeffrey stop by to 
see Andrew this week? 
EFTA_R1_00985037 
EFTA02231415

Thanks Lesley 
This message, and any 
attachments hereto, is 
confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it is 
addressed. This communication 
may contain information that is 
confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a 
confidentiality and/or non-
disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by 
contract or under applicable 
law). If you are not the intended 
recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, 
reproducing, copying, 
disclosing, disseminating or 
using this message or any 
information contained herein 
(including any reliance thereon) 
is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, 
please contact the sender 
immediately and destroy the 
message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in 
their entirety, whether in 
electronic or hard copy format. 
Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally 
binding agreement, amendment 
or modification of any 
agreement with Island Capital 
Group LLC or any of its 
affiliates, each of which requires 
a fully executed agreement to be 
received by Island Capital 
Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_00985038 
EFTA02231416

This message, and any attachments hereto, is 
confidential and intended exclusively for the 
use of the individual or entity to whom it is 
addressed. This communication may contain 
information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or 
non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise 
exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or under applicable law). If you 
are not the intended recipient, you arc hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, 
copying, disclosing, disseminating or using 
this message or any information contained 
herein (including any reliance thereon) is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender 
immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies 
in their entirety, whether in electronic or 
hard copy format. Nothing contained in this 
e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or modification of 
any agreement with Island Capital Group 
LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be 
received by Island Capital Group LLC or 
such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential 
and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may 
contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-
disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable 
law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, 
EFTA_R1_00985039 
EFTA02231417

disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any 
information contained herein (including any reliance 
thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately 
and destroy the message (including any attachments) and 
any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard 
copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be 
considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or 
modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group 
LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully 
executed agreement to be received by Island Capital 
Group LLC or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using 
this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance 
thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please 
contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital 
Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_00985040 
EFTA02231418

