# EFTA00016957 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Ryan Hooper <Ryan.Hooper(ilpa.media>
- **To:** „
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** [EXTERNAL] US v Maxwell - press query

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: Ryan Hooper <Ryan.Hooper(ilpa.media> To: „ I Subject: [EXTERNAL] US v Maxwell - press query Date: Wed, 20 Oct 2021 13:49:49 +0000 Hello all, I am a journalist with the Press Association in London. Is there anyone who might be able to outline whether the trial of US v Ghislaine Maxwell is due to open, as planned, on November 29 please? Also looking to try and find out whether the defendant is due to give evidence, and how long the trial is listed for. Have had no joy getting hold of anyone at the court (212 637 2600). Apologies — I am sure you have had several of these reques

### Match 2
> From: Ryan Hooper <Ryan.Hooper(ilpa.media> To: „ I Subject: [EXTERNAL] US v Maxwell - press query Date: Wed, 20 Oct 2021 13:49:49 +0000 Hello all, I am a journalist with the Press Association in London. Is there anyone who might be able to outline whether the trial of US v Ghislaine Maxwell is due to open, as planned, on November 29 please? Also looking to try and find out whether the defendant is due to give evidence, and how long the trial is listed for. Have had no joy getting hold of anyone at the court (212 637 2600). Apologies — I am sure you have had several of thes

### Match 3
> From: Ryan Hooper <Ryan.Hooper(ilpa.media> To: „ I Subject: [EXTERNAL] US v Maxwell - press query Date: Wed, 20 Oct 2021 13:49:49 +0000 Hello all, I am a journalist with the Press Association in London. Is there anyone who might be able to outline whether the trial of US v Ghislaine Maxwell is due to open, as planned, on November 29 please? Also looking to try and find out w
