# EFTA02360307

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" <|
|To|=/b>"Richard Kahn (|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>Goldman Sachs =erpetual 5.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred|

---

**[WORD]:** Fwd: Goldman Sachs Perpetual 5.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred please advise if you are interested cash at =organ is 2,000,000 thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 tel Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" < To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( I" < Subject: =/b>Goldman Sachs =erpetual 5.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred Date: =/b>June 3, 2015 at 12:02:16 PM =DT Good Afternoon Rich, Have a Goldman Sachs =erpetual 5.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred to show =ou: Date

**[WORD]:** Date: 10th day of =ay and November of each year, commencing on November 10, 2015 and =nding on May 10, 2020, and 10th day of February, May, August, and =ovember of each year following May 10, 2020 All subject but last: Price 100.375 Current Yield 5.3549% Yield to 1st Call 5.2864% Speak soon, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas Financial =dvisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan =omplex 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 Tel/Direct: <mailto 2 EFTA_R1_01350789 EFTA02360308 Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn < 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 3, 2015 4:43 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: Goldman Sachs Perpetual 5.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative 
Preferred 
please advise if you are interested 
cash at =organ is 2,000,000 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" < 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( 
I" < 
Subject: =/b>Goldman Sachs =erpetual 5.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred 
Date: =/b>June 3, 2015 at 12:02:16 PM =DT 
Good Afternoon Rich, 
Have a Goldman Sachs =erpetual 5.375% Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Preferred to show =ou: 
Date Issued April 23, =015 
CUSIP 38148BAB4 
EFTA_R1_01350788 
EFTA02360307

GOLDMAN SACHS (GS) 
Ml / =B 
Maturity Perpetual 
Current Coupon: 5.375% 
Dividend Details: 5.375% =ntil May 10, 2020; 3 Month LIBOR + 392.2bps thereafter 
Payment Date: 10th day of =ay and November of each year, commencing on November 10, 2015 and =nding on 
May 10, 2020, and 10th day of February, May, August, and =ovember of each year following May 10, 2020 
All subject but last: 
Price 100.375 
Current Yield 5.3549% 
Yield to 1st Call 5.2864% 
Speak soon, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial =dvisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan =omplex 
1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 
Tel/Direct: 
<mailto 
2 
EFTA_R1_01350789 
EFTA02360308

Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any =ecurity or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this =-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
=eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, =o the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is subject to terms 
available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If you cannot access 
this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley 
you consent to =he foregoing. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01350790 
EFTA02360309

