# EFTA00026530 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Tomback, Andrew
- **To:** Tomback, Andrew
- **Sent:** Monday, May 18, 2020 4:17 PM
- **Subject:** RE:

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: " To: "Tomback, Andrew" "Weinstein, Marc A." Cm > Cc: Subject: RE: follow-up question Date: Tue, 19 May 2020 18:36:29 +0000 Inline-Images: iinage001.png Thanks and understood re: both. From: Tomback, Andrew Sent: Tuesday, May 19, 2020 08:28 To: Cc: >; Weinstein, Marc A. Subject: RE: follow-up question Marc and/or I will respond to your email below soon — ideally later today. Regarding my open issue, the Estate won't list any property before June 15. Stay safe. Andy Andrew E. Tomback I Partn

### Match 2
> h. From: Tomback, Andrew Sent: Tuesday, May 19, 2020 08:28 To: Cc: >; Weinstein, Marc A. Subject: RE: follow-up question Marc and/or I will respond to your email below soon — ideally later today. Regarding my open issue, the Estate won't list any property before June 15. Stay safe. Andy Andrew E. Tomback I Partner White 8. Case LLP I 1221 Avenue of the Americas I New York. NY 10020-1095 WHITE S.CASE From Sent: Monday, May 18, 2020 4:17 PM To: Tomback, Andrew >; Weinstein, Marc A. Cc: Subject: RE: follow-up question Mark, Andy, Tomback, Andrew One question I had meant to ask i

### Match 3
> ow soon — ideally later today. Regarding my open issue, the Estate won't list any property before June 15. Stay safe. Andy Andrew E. Tomback I Partner White 8. Case LLP I 1221 Avenue of the Americas I New York. NY 10020-1095 WHITE S.CASE From Sent: Monday, May 18, 2020 4:17 PM To: Tomback, Andrew >; Weinstein, Marc A. Cc: Subject: RE: follow-up question Mark, Andy, Tomback, Andrew One question I had meant to ask in our call but forgot, on a separate subject — we had briefly discussed in late February our request for photographs and videos in the possession of the estate, and my reco

### Match 4
> before June 15. Stay safe. Andy Andrew E. Tomback I Partner White 8. Case LLP I 1221 Avenue of the Americas I New York. NY 10020-1095 WHITE S.CASE From Sent: Monday, May 18, 2020 4:17 PM To: Tomback, Andrew >; Weinstein, Marc A. Cc: Subject: RE: follow-up question Mark, Andy, Tomback, Andrew One question I had meant to ask in our call but forgot, on a separate subject — we had briefly discussed in late February our request for photographs and videos in the possession of the estate, and my recollection is that with respect to videos, the estate and trustees were not aware of being in
