# EFTA02567682

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.com|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Wednesda March 20, 2013 2:46 PM To: Jeffrey; Subject: RE: too expensive!! Please continue to look I like hotel service mostly be=ause of the cleaning services Date: Wed, 20 Mar 2013 06:57:24 -0400<=r>Subject: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To this is rosovskys buildign. no hotel serv

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Wednesda March 20, 2013 2:46 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey; 
Subject: 
RE: 
too expensive!! Please continue to look 
I like hotel service mostly be=ause of the cleaning services 
Date: Wed, 20 Mar 2013 06:57:24 -0400<=r>Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To 
this is rosovskys buildign. no hotel service .=owever you could make this one really pretty, actulalll= invite people there 
for dinners. , and not fill like schelppers. , an= it has outdoor space? If not, don't worry, al=o do not becconcerned 
about resale , thre is always the =ext class of parents. lo 
http://www.highrises.com/city/boston/listing/71=87230 
condominium/ <http://www.highrises.com/city/=oston/listing/71487230-130-mount-auburn-street-412-cambridge-ma-
02138-cond=minium/> 
T=e information contained in this communication is confidential, may be=attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and =s intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part =hereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received=this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail =r by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.=om <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
1 
EFTA_R1_01734296 
EFTA02567682

