# EFTA02353645

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: Saturday, January 17, 2015 10:12 AM To: Jeffrey epstein Subject: Are you fine? Jeffrey are you all right? I saw some stupid press in UK magazines abt you and Andrew. Hope you are fine and dont care what jealous/envious people say, my smartest superstar! Hope that you make smart investments given the Swiss bank decision this week. What should i do now investment wise to make money? Let me know for vladimir..! I apply to berkeley until 27 february and trust

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Saturday, January 17, 2015 10:12 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey epstein 
Subject: 
Are you fine? 
Jeffrey are you all right? I saw some stupid press in UK magazines abt you and Andrew. Hope you are fine and dont care 
what jealous/envious people say, my smartest superstar! 
Hope that you make smart investments given the Swiss bank decision this week. 
What should i do now investment wise to make money? 
Let me know for vladimir..! I apply to berkeley until 27 february and trust you for funds. 
Next week WEF Davos, what do you think of the event ? 
I think its not worth wasting my time going there given that i am noone yet and not master of the universe who can be 
invited to meet world smartest CEOs and presidents. However, i got invitations to Young global leader community which 
is under 40... Im rather perplex whether i belong to there or should stay on my "noone" status, to work hard 100 K 
hours' and earn with my hardest work the esteem and respect instead of using shortcuts to climb career ladder by 
networking and being gorgeous&sexy around all powerful men. What do you think? 
Big kiss from monte carlo 
Kind regards/Cordialement, 
<mailto 
Please note: 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged and is intended only 
for the use of the addressee. 
It is the property of 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof 
is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us 
immediately by e-mail to 
cmailto 
> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. Copyright -all rights reserved. 
EFTA_R1_01334358 
EFTA02353645

