# EFTA02437806

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|'eevacation|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffreyfleevacation©gmail.com] From: Eva Dubin Sent Mon 10/5/2009 2:23:39 PM Subject: RE: I think she is halfway done already Date: Mon, 5 Oct 2009 09:41:40 -0400 Subject: Re: From: 'eevacation ail.com To: her myth should be life starts inside a computer game called creation On Mon, Oct 5, 2009 at 9:36 AM, Eva Dubin e > wrote: Your

**[FULL]:** mail.com] From: Eva Dubin Sent Mon 10/5/2009 2:23:39 PM Subject: RE: I think she is halfway done already Date: Mon, 5 Oct 2009 09:41:40 -0400 Subject: Re: From: 'eevacation ail.com To: her myth should be life starts inside a computer game called creation On Mon, Oct 5, 2009 at 9:36 AM, Eva Dubin e > wrote: Your E-mail and More On-the-Go. Get Windows Live Hotmail Free. Sinn up now, ********* ********************** ********** ****************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is i

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffreyfleevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent 
Mon 10/5/2009 2:23:39 PM 
Subject: RE: 
I think she is halfway done already 
Date: Mon, 5 Oct 2009 09:41:40 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: 'eevacation 
ail.com 
To: 
her myth should be life starts inside a computer game called creation 
On Mon, Oct 5, 2009 at 9:36 AM, Eva Dubin e
> wrote: 
Your E-mail and More On-the-Go. Get Windows Live Hotmail Free. Sinn up now, 
********* ********************** 
********** ****************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
Hobnail: Trusted email with Microsoft's powerful SPAM protection. Sign up now. 
EFTA_R1_01510734 
EFTA02437806

