# EFTA02319904

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Feierstein, =imberly|
|To|a|
|Sent|Monday, =ecember 06, 2010 9:15 AM|
|Subject|RE: =hristmas|

---

**[FULL]:** 35=658.23 60703 here are a few =uggestions: - 2 pairs Butter Sweatpants (in =ize for her age) -Japanese tea =et - Ballet flats - she wears size = -flat Adidas soccer shoes for indoor play 9menaing no =leats)-size 3 - =BD Original =essage From: Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 =38 PM To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, =imberly 3 EFTA_R1_01228799 EFTA02319906 Subject: =hristmas Hi Eva, =br> Just wondering if you could give some insight on Christmas =resent ideas to I'm looking for speakers for oom and bathroom for her present. Any input would be greatly =ppreciated. Thank =ou! This e-mail m

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Monday, December 6, 2010 7:28 PM 
To: 
Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: 
Re: Christmas 
We =re getting the Adidas soccer shoes and I'm looking at the Butter =weatpants as well. can you please let me know 
what size is best for the =weats? they sell for adults and children. I'm not sure how kid's sizing =orks? 
On =ec 6, 2010, at 2:16 PM, Feierstein, Kimberly wrote: 
What =bout for Maya? Any idea what he is getting forMI 
want =o give away the other gift ideas to 
someone else. =nbsp;Thanks. 
 
Original Message 
From: 
Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 1:36 =M 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Re: Christmas 
thank =ou..l'm looking for speakers for her from JE 
On Dec 6, 2010, at 1:34 =M, Feierstein, Kimberly wrote: 
Change =f plans...One of 
are going to give her the =unglasses. 
 
Original =essage 
From: Feierstein, =imberly 
Sent: Monday, =ecember 06, 2010 9:15 AM 
To: a 
Subject: RE: =hristmas 
EFTA_R1_01228797 
EFTA02319904

Actually., 
said Jeffrey was getting her speakers? She wants to make sure she =ets the sunglasses 
so I can have one of 
get them for =er unless he does need more gift ideas for her. Let me =now. 
 
Original =essage 
From: Feierstein, =imberly 
Sent: Monday, =ecember 06, 2010 9:02 AM 
To: 
Subject: RE: =hristmas 
Sunglasses =the Haviana ones) - http://www.gooddens.com/pd-ray-ban-sunglasses-rb412S-cats-S000-
mens=cfm 
She also said gifts =ards to stores such as - Bloomingdales, Olive Bette, Victoria =ecret 
 
Original =essage 
From: 
Sent:=Friday, December 03, 2010 4:32 PM 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Re: Christmas 
Thank you! I =ill forward this togas well. I had asked her to help me with ideas =nd in buying Xmas 
presents, so it's a joint =ffort! 
2 
EFTA_R1_01228798 
EFTA02319905

On Dec 3, 2010, =t 4:28 PM, "Feierstein, Kimberly" la
 wrote: 
I totally had this answer for you earlier, =ut I didn't have a chance to send yet. Also, 
Eva originally had =e sending it to Susan. Do I need to send to her as =ell? 
- he would love to get =-10 of the balls in the link below. They are for a =achine. 
http://www.dickssportinggords.com/product/index.jsp?productld=3700676&cp=2367438.2367820.235=658.23 
60703 
here are a few =uggestions: 
- 2 pairs Butter Sweatpants (in =ize for her age) 
-Japanese tea =et 
- Ballet flats - she wears size = 
-flat Adidas soccer shoes for indoor play 9menaing no =leats)-size 3 
- =BD 
 
Original =essage 
From: 
Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 =38 PM 
To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, =imberly 
3 
EFTA_R1_01228799 
EFTA02319906

Subject: =hristmas 
Hi Eva, =br> 
Just wondering if you could give some insight on Christmas =resent ideas to 
I'm looking for speakers for 
oom and bathroom for her present. Any input would be greatly =ppreciated. 
Thank =ou! 
This e-mail message is intended =nly for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain 
confidential =nformation. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby =otified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail =nd any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this =-mail in 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to =his e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) 
from your =ystem. Thank you. 
This e-mail =essage is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may =ontain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient =ou are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying 
=f this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have =eceived this e-mail in error, please immediately 
notify the sender by =eplying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) =rom your system. Thank 
you. 
This e-mail message =s intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain =onfidential information. 
If you are not the intended recipient you are =ereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this =-
mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have =eceived this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the 
sender by =eplying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) =rom your system. Thank =ou. 
4 
EFTA_R1_01228800 
EFTA02319907

5 
EFTA_R1_01228801 
EFTA02319908

