# EFTA02508558

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, March 13, 2015 9:53 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel 'I still consider you one of my closest friends. =C2 I am very sad that you are hurt. I can meet with y=u ,speak on phone ,skype?, with, or without your attorney, =AO whatever you prefer. lets do it soon. =C2 please note The information contained in t=is communication is confidential, may be a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, March 13, 2015 9:53 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
'I still consider you one of my closest friends. =C2 I am very sad that you are hurt. I can meet with y=u ,speak on phone 
,skype?, with, or without your attorney, =AO whatever you prefer. lets do it soon. 
=C2 
please note 
The information contained in t=is communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, ma= constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of =he addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure=or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohib=ted and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in =rror, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.c=m, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, includ=ng all attachments. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
--001a11c349248b6ad80511287500-- conversation-id 122633 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1426240351 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 488875 
1 
EFTA_R1_01639608 
EFTA02508558

