# EFTA02422318

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** t Tue 9/7/2010 4:26:05 AM Subject Home Sweet Home Title: Home Sweet Home Will call you tomorrow about dinner. Had a really interesting time. The more I travel...the more I meet such interesting people... Met this Saudi, Waid Jut Tali and American wife Christina...they live right next door to Prince Andrew...and are very friendly with him. Do you know them? They have an historic palazzo on Grand Canal...fantastic building with lots of original chandeliers, etc and furnishings reminiscent of a Vegas bordello. She is an American ex mid-level model who is very nice. He is charming but no taste...a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacationggmail.com[jeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Tue 9/7/2010 4:26:05 AM 
Subject 
Home Sweet Home 
Title: Home Sweet Home 
Will call you tomorrow about dinner. Had a really interesting time. The more I travel...the more I meet such interesting 
people... 
Met this Saudi, Waid Jut Tali and American wife Christina...they live right next door to Prince Andrew...and are very 
friendly with him. 
Do you know them? They have an historic palazzo on Grand Canal...fantastic building with lots of original chandeliers, 
etc and furnishings reminiscent of a Vegas bordello. She is an American ex mid-level 
model who is very nice. He is charming but no taste...and looks like the Arab he is. 
Are you around NY? PEG 
EFTA_R1_0 1488903 
EFTA02422318

