# EFTA02643844

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, July 2, 2017 10:17 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: did you find anytning that you liked?\ On Sun, Jul 2, 2017 at 11:3= PM, Eva Dubin Bergdorf heaven• • > wrote: Please note, my email address has changed toi l> On Jul 2, 2017, at 4:20 PM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> " <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:je

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, July 2, 2017 10:17 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: did you find anytning that you liked?\ On Sun, Jul 2, 2017 at 11:3= PM, Eva Dubin Bergdorf heaven• • > wrote: Please note, my email address has changed toi l> On Jul 2, 2017, at 4:20 PM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> " <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> wrote:<=r> what are you doing today? please note The information contained

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, July 2, 2017 10:17 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
did you find anytning that you liked?\ 
On Sun, Jul 2, 2017 at 11:3= PM, Eva Dubin 
Bergdorf heaven• • 
>  wrote: 
Please note, my email address has changed toi
l> 
On Jul 2, 2017, at 4:20 PM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> " 
<jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com>  wrote:<=r> 
what are you doing today? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01879310 
EFTA02643844

The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use 4 the addressee. It is the property of ME Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a11493c7a08bff305535d0173-- conversation-id 39921 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1499033797 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 726372 
2 
EFTA_R1_01879311 
EFTA02643845

