# EFTA02422998

**LES WEXNER REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinfleevacation©gmail.com] From: Lesley Groff Sent: Wed 9/8/2010 6:04:45 PM Subject: Les Wexner email I called Les Wexner's office and spoke to Rachel Sutherland. I asked her for Les' email address and mentioned, possibly it is still the same from before but she told me it would be best to use either her or Donna's email address for Les which are below. She would not confirm we have the

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinfleevacation©gmail.com] From: Lesley Groff Sent: Wed 9/8/2010 6:04:45 PM Subject: Les Wexner email I called Les Wexner's office and spoke to Rachel Sutherland. I asked her for Les' email address and mentioned, possibly it is still the same from before but she told me it would be best to use either her or Donna's email address for Les which are below. She would not confirm we have the correct address for Les. E

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinfleevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Wed 9/8/2010 6:04:45 PM 
Subject: 
Les Wexner email 
I called Les Wexner's office and spoke to Rachel Sutherland. I asked her for Les' email address and 
mentioned, possibly it is still the same from before 
but she told me it would be 
best to use either her or Donna's email address for Les which are below. She would not confirm we have 
the correct address for Les. 
EFTA_R1_01489874 
EFTA02422998

