# EFTA00029424 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 6

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS-
- **Sent:** Sunday, November 28, 2021 9:59 AM
- **Subject:** United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -pens

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Sun, 28 Nov 2021 19:24:20 +0000 Good luck tomorroaYou're going to be great, and it will be such a relief for the victims to finally get a measure of justice. Will be cheering you on! Assistant United States Attorney United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York 1 Sai

### Match 2
> drew's Plaza New York. NY 10007 From Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 9:59 AM To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- CRIMINALPARALEGALS@usa.doj.gov>; USANYS-INVESTIGATORS <USANYS-INVESTIGATORS@usa.doj.gov> Cc: Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -pens There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex crimes that took place in 1994. If you want to find them, you'll have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to h

### Match 3
> have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable. ill open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318 Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906. There is al

### Match 4
> From To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Sun, 28 Nov 2021 19:24:20 +0000 Good luck tomorroaYou're going to be great, and it will be such a relief for the victims to finally get a measure of justice. Will be cheering you on! Assistant United States Attorney United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New Yor

### Match 5
> drew's Plaza New York. NY 10007 From Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 9:59 AM To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- CRIMINALPARALEGALS@usa.doj.gov>; USANYS-INVESTIGATORS <USANYS-INVESTIGATORS@usa.doj.gov> Cc: Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -pens There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex crimes that took place in 1994. If you want to find them, you'll have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just h

### Match 6
> have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable. ill open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318 Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906. The
