# EFTA02433932

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmailcom>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Tue Dec 01 19:18:55 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comijeeyacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Wed 12/2/2009 7:50:45 AM Subject: Re: Oh boy does he. I'm in istanbul. I'll call you. From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tue Dec 01 19:18:55 2009 Subject: your boy has real tsuris ahead ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** **

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comijeeyacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Wed 12/2/2009 7:50:45 AM Subject: Re: Oh boy does he. I'm in istanbul. I'll call you. From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tue Dec 01 19:18:55 2009 Subject: your boy has real tsuris ahead ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intende

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comijeeyacationellgmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Wed 12/2/2009 7:50:45 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Oh boy does he. I'm in istanbul. I'll call you. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmailcom> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Tue Dec 01 19:18:55 2009 
Subject: 
your boy has real tsuris ahead 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01505344 
EFTA02433932

