# EFTA02493866

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|.eevacation@ mail.c=m|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, August 11, 2015 1:23 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: RE: not great. We went back to the E= today. CT scan of both wrists showed fractures on both sides.... We=are going back to NY this weekend for surgery on both wrists. His =ack is in bad spasm.... Date: =on, 10 Aug 2015

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Tuesday, August 11, 2015 1:23 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
RE: 
not great. We went back to the E= today. 
CT scan of both wrists showed fractures on both sides.... 
We=are going back to NY this weekend 
for surgery on both wrists. 
His =ack is in bad spasm.... 
Date: =on, 10 Aug 2015 19:18:51 -0600 
Subject: 
From: .eevacation@ mail.c=m 
To: 
hows poppi 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, ma= be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, =nd is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of=br>JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communicati=n or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If yo= have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this co=munication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrig=t -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01617250 
EFTA02493866

