# EFTA02464489

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** ody On Sun, Apr 24, 2016 at 9:08 AM, <mailto » wrote: I love this article! I have never been a believ=r in juices / juice cleanse. Better to eat the vegetables and fruits strai=ht from the source instead of after being processed in a juice machine! =A0 wrote: On Apr 23, 2016, at 9:19 PM, Eva=Dubin < I read i= last ni.l And sent it to theniilll Sent from =y iPhone On Apr 23, 2016, at 8:31 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» wrote: =a href="http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/21/health/juice-cleanse-toxin- mis=onception.html?action=click&pgtype=Homepage&viewport=desktop=large&region=top-

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, April 24, 2016 1:14 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: read the whole article 
poor woody 
On Sun, Apr 24, 2016 at 9:08 AM, 
<mailto 
» wrote: 
I love this article! I have never been a believ=r in juices / juice cleanse. Better to eat the vegetables and fruits 
strai=ht from the source instead of after being processed in a juice machine! =A0 
wrote: 
On Apr 23, 2016, at 9:19 PM, Eva=Dubin < 
I read i= last ni.l
And sent it to 
theniilll 
Sent from =y iPhone 
On Apr 23, 2016, at 8:31 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» wrote: 
=a href="http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/21/health/juice-cleanse-toxin-
mis=onception.html?action=click&pgtype=Homepage&viewport=desktop=large&region=top-stories-below-
marginalia&contentIndexValue=1&=mp;summary=true" 
target="_blank">http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/21/hea=th/juice-cleanse-toxin-
misconception.html?action=click&pgtype=Home=age&viewport=desktop-large&region=top-stories-below-
marginalia=amp;contentIndexValue=l&summary=true 
<=r> 
please =ote 
> > 
The information contained in this communication is 
confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If =ou have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and 
destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA_R1_01571865 
EFTA02464489

including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
</=iv> 
please note 
Th= information contained in this communication is confidential, may be at=orney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is inte=ded only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE =nauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any par= thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
receiv=d this communication in error, please notify us immediately by retur= e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and a=l copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights rese=ved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01571866 
EFTA02464490

