# EFTA00018749 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 75

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> H A D D O N MORGAN FOREMAN August 17, 2020 VIA EMAIL The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 Re: Request to Modify Protective Order (UNDER SEAL)' United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, t.c Jeffrey Paglloca 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 rti 303.831.7364 FX 303.832.2628 www.hmflaw.com jpaglucaahmflaw.com Dear Judge Nathan, Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell, pursuant to paragraph 18 of this Court's Protective Order (Doc.

### Match 2
> equest to Modify Protective Order (UNDER SEAL)' United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, t.c Jeffrey Paglloca 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 rti 303.831.7364 FX 303.832.2628 www.hmflaw.com jpaglucaahmflaw.com Dear Judge Nathan, Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell, pursuant to paragraph 18 of this Court's Protective Order (Doc. # 36), requests that the Court enter an Order allowing her to refer to and file under seal in Giuffre v. Maxwell, 15-cv-5433 (LAP), and a related Second Circuit appeal, Giuffre v. Maxwell, No. 20- 2413 (the "Other Matters"), certain

### Match 3
> H A D D O N MORGAN FOREMAN August 17, 2020 VIA EMAIL The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 Re: Request to Modify Protective Order (UNDER SEAL)' United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, t.c Jeffrey Paglloca 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 rti 303.831.7364 FX 303.832.2628 www.hmflaw.com jpaglucaahmflaw.com Dear Judge Nathan, Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell, pursuant to paragraph 18 of this Court's Protective Orde

### Match 4
> equest to Modify Protective Order (UNDER SEAL)' United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, t.c Jeffrey Paglloca 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 rti 303.831.7364 FX 303.832.2628 www.hmflaw.com jpaglucaahmflaw.com Dear Judge Nathan, Defendant Ghislaine Maxwell, pursuant to paragraph 18 of this Court's Protective Order (Doc. # 36), requests that the Court enter an Order allowing her to refer to and file under seal in Giuffre v. Maxwell, 15-cv-5433 (LAP), and a related Second Circuit appeal, Giuffre v. Maxwell, No. 20- 2413 (the "Other Matters"),

### Match 5
> 000 pages of documents received from Boies Schiller & Flexner, which appears to include their entire civil file from the Giuffre case. 2 Disclosure to the judicial officers in the Other Matters is necessary for fair determination of important issues impacting the privacy and due process rights of Ms. Maxwell and other third parties. The ten discrete items to be filed ("the Material") are not confidential and disclosure confined to the Honorable Loretta Preska and the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, under seal, ' Ms. Maxwell seeks leave to file this Letter Motion under seal because it relates and re

### Match 6
> nation of important issues impacting the privacy and due process rights of Ms. Maxwell and other third parties. The ten discrete items to be filed ("the Material") are not confidential and disclosure confined to the Honorable Loretta Preska and the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, under seal, ' Ms. Maxwell seeks leave to file this Letter Motion under seal because it relates and refers to discovery materials deemed Confidential under the terms of the Protective Order in this case. 'Counsel for Ms. Maxwell have not conducted a document by document comparison of the 90,000 pages with documents in the

### Match 7
> onfined to the Honorable Loretta Preska and the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, under seal, ' Ms. Maxwell seeks leave to file this Letter Motion under seal because it relates and refers to discovery materials deemed Confidential under the terms of the Protective Order in this case. 'Counsel for Ms. Maxwell have not conducted a document by document comparison of the 90,000 pages with documents in their possession related to the Maxwell civil matters but presumes they are the same. Paragraph 16 of the Protective Order in this case exempts information obtained "from a source other than the government

### Match 8
> onducted a document by document comparison of the 90,000 pages with documents in their possession related to the Maxwell civil matters but presumes they are the same. Paragraph 16 of the Protective Order in this case exempts information obtained "from a source other than the government." Because Ms. Maxwell has not yet compared the two sets of documents she makes this request out of an abundance of caution. EFTA00018749 The Honorable Alison J. Nathan August 17, 2020 Page 2 will not prejudice the government? The items to be referred to (and not filed) are confidential; accordingly, referring to

### Match 9
> to be referred to (and not filed) are confidential; accordingly, referring to them under seal in the Other Matters will not prejudice the government. Relevant Facts and Procedural History The defamation action and its Protective Order- Giuffre v. Maxwell In 2015, 'alleged in a civil suit that Ms. Maxwell defamed her, based on a statement from Ms. Maxwell's attorney-hired press agent generally denying as "untrue" and "obvious lies'as allegations that Ms. Maxwell participated in a scheme causing her to be "sexually abused and trafficked" by Jeffrey Epstein. Given the amount of personal, confident

### Match 10
> accordingly, referring to them under seal in the Other Matters will not prejudice the government. Relevant Facts and Procedural History The defamation action and its Protective Order- Giuffre v. Maxwell In 2015, 'alleged in a civil suit that Ms. Maxwell defamed her, based on a statement from Ms. Maxwell's attorney-hired press agent generally denying as "untrue" and "obvious lies'as allegations that Ms. Maxwell participated in a scheme causing her to be "sexually abused and trafficked" by Jeffrey Epstein. Given the amount of personal, confidential material and information sought in discovery, t
