# EFTA02730477 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet12
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 11

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> s only for FBI internal use. Do not externally disseminate this product. (U) Tactical Intelligence Report template approved for fiscal year 2022, as of I October 2021. (U//FOUO) Research and Key Findings for Roderic Alexander In Hamilton, a Person of Interest for Alleged Defense Witnesses in the Ghislaine Maxwell Thal (U) Executive Summary (U//LES) FBI New York C-20 is investigating Ghislaine Maxwell in a child sex trafficking investigation based on information regarding several victims reportedly sexually abused by Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell in the mid-late 1990s to the early 2000s. Trial s

### Match 2
> ligence Report template approved for fiscal year 2022, as of I October 2021. (U//FOUO) Research and Key Findings for Roderic Alexander In Hamilton, a Person of Interest for Alleged Defense Witnesses in the Ghislaine Maxwell Thal (U) Executive Summary (U//LES) FBI New York C-20 is investigating Ghislaine Maxwell in a child sex trafficking investigation based on information regarding several victims reportedly sexually abused by Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell in the mid-late 1990s to the early 2000s. Trial started for Ghislaine Maxwell on 29 November 2021 and FBI C-20 received a potential list of

### Match 3
> of Interest for Alleged Defense Witnesses in the Ghislaine Maxwell Thal (U) Executive Summary (U//LES) FBI New York C-20 is investigating Ghislaine Maxwell in a child sex trafficking investigation based on information regarding several victims reportedly sexually abused by Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell in the mid-late 1990s to the early 2000s. Trial started for Ghislaine Maxwell on 29 November 2021 and FBI C-20 received a potential list of defense witnesses on 11 December 2021. FBI New York conducted research on suspected defense witnesses in order to identify the individuals and any derogator

### Match 4
> Executive Summary (U//LES) FBI New York C-20 is investigating Ghislaine Maxwell in a child sex trafficking investigation based on information regarding several victims reportedly sexually abused by Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell in the mid-late 1990s to the early 2000s. Trial started for Ghislaine Maxwell on 29 November 2021 and FBI C-20 received a potential list of defense witnesses on 11 December 2021. FBI New York conducted research on suspected defense witnesses in order to identify the individuals and any derogatory information related to the individuals. This TIR addresses FBI New York Crim

### Match 5
> Non•US Passport (P ) Last Name: HAMILTON First Name: RODERIC DOB: Gender: M - Male (U) Source: TECS I Photo I UNCLASSIFIED//FOUR OFFICIAL USE ONLY I UNCLASSIFIED//FOUR OFFICIAL USE ONLY I Search Criteria: Roderic Hamilton; DOB • (U) What is the relationship between Roderic Hamilton and Ghislaine Maxwell and/or Jeffrey Epstein? • (U) Does Roderic Hamilton know any of the victims referenced in the Epstein/Maxwell investigation? UNCLASSIFIED// FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY (U) Source Summary Statement (U) Reporting in this Tactical Intelligence Report was derived primarily from TECS (Treasury Enforce

### Match 6
> s only for FBI internal use. Do not externally disseminate this product. (U) Tactical Intelligence Report template approved for fiscal year 2022, as of I October 2021. (U//FOUO) Research and Key Findings for Roderic Alexander In Hamilton, a Person of Interest for Alleged Defense Witnesses in the Ghislaine Maxwell Thal (U) Executive Summary (U//LES) FBI New York C-20 is investigating Ghislaine Maxwell in a child sex trafficking investigation based on information regarding several victims reportedly sexually abused by Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell in the mid-late 1990s to the early 2000s.

### Match 7
> ligence Report template approved for fiscal year 2022, as of I October 2021. (U//FOUO) Research and Key Findings for Roderic Alexander In Hamilton, a Person of Interest for Alleged Defense Witnesses in the Ghislaine Maxwell Thal (U) Executive Summary (U//LES) FBI New York C-20 is investigating Ghislaine Maxwell in a child sex trafficking investigation based on information regarding several victims reportedly sexually abused by Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell in the mid-late 1990s to the early 2000s. Trial started for Ghislaine Maxwell on 29 November 2021 and FBI C-20 received a potential

### Match 8
> of Interest for Alleged Defense Witnesses in the Ghislaine Maxwell Thal (U) Executive Summary (U//LES) FBI New York C-20 is investigating Ghislaine Maxwell in a child sex trafficking investigation based on information regarding several victims reportedly sexually abused by Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell in the mid-late 1990s to the early 2000s. Trial started for Ghislaine Maxwell on 29 November 2021 and FBI C-20 received a potential list of defense witnesses on 11 December 2021. FBI New York conducted research on suspected defense witnesses in order to identify the individuals and any d

### Match 9
> Executive Summary (U//LES) FBI New York C-20 is investigating Ghislaine Maxwell in a child sex trafficking investigation based on information regarding several victims reportedly sexually abused by Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell in the mid-late 1990s to the early 2000s. Trial started for Ghislaine Maxwell on 29 November 2021 and FBI C-20 received a potential list of defense witnesses on 11 December 2021. FBI New York conducted research on suspected defense witnesses in order to identify the individuals and any derogatory information related to the individuals. This TIR addresses FBI New Y

### Match 10
> Non•US Passport (P ) Last Name: HAMILTON First Name: RODERIC DOB: Gender: M - Male (U) Source: TECS I Photo I UNCLASSIFIED//FOUR OFFICIAL USE ONLY I UNCLASSIFIED//FOUR OFFICIAL USE ONLY I Search Criteria: Roderic Hamilton; DOB • (U) What is the relationship between Roderic Hamilton and Ghislaine Maxwell and/or Jeffrey Epstein? • (U) Does Roderic Hamilton know any of the victims referenced in the Epstein/Maxwell investigation? UNCLASSIFIED// FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY (U) Source Summary Statement (U) Reporting in this Tactical Intelligence Report was derived primarily from TECS (Treasury
