# EFTA02718796

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Christine Mack" amailto|
|To|"Eva Dubin" <:|
|Sent||
|Subject|2015 Childhood Gala|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin < • Sent: Monday, July 6, 2015 9:44 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: 2015 Childhood Gala Attachments: TY Gala VIP Letter.pdf; Untitled attachment 00085.htm; TY Gala Reservation Form_Electronic.pdt Untitled attachment 00088.htm; TY Gala Fact Sheet.pdt Untitled attachment 00091.htm Any

**[FULL]:** ttachments: TY Gala VIP Letter.pdf; Untitled attachment 00085.htm; TY Gala Reservation Form_Electronic.pdt Untitled attachment 00088.htm; TY Gala Fact Sheet.pdt Untitled attachment 00091.htm Any interest...? Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: "Christine Mack" amailto > To: "Eva Dubin" <: 1<mailto: i. > Subject: 2015 Childhood Gala Dear Eva, I hope that you are enjoying your summer so far. I am involved with this year's Childhood Gala, and hope that you can make it to this year's event. The World Childhood Foundation Thank You Gala dinner will be held at the Plaza Hotel on

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin <
• 
Sent: 
Monday, July 6, 2015 9:44 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: 2015 Childhood Gala 
Attachments: 
TY Gala VIP Letter.pdf; Untitled attachment 00085.htm; TY Gala Reservation 
Form_Electronic.pdt Untitled attachment 00088.htm; TY Gala Fact Sheet.pdt Untitled 
attachment 00091.htm 
Any interest...? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Christine Mack" amailto 
> 
To: "Eva Dubin" <:
1<mailto:
i. > 
Subject: 2015 Childhood Gala 
Dear Eva, 
I hope that you are enjoying your summer so far. I am involved with this year's Childhood Gala, and hope that 
you can make it to this year's event. The World Childhood Foundation Thank You Gala dinner will be held at the Plaza 
Hotel on September 24th, and is hosted by Her Majesty Queen Silvia of Sweden as well as Princess Madeleine. 
I have spent some time with Childhood's new CEO, Joanna Rubenstein, and am so impressed with her plan to 
help eliminate childhood abuse and be a voice for all the children in this world. Nothing is more important than making 
sure that our children are safe and happy so they can one day become leaders. 
Attached are reservation and information forms as well as a letter from Childhood's new CEO, Joanna 
Rubenstein. 
Enjoy the rest of your summer, and I am looking forward to seeing you at the Plaza in September. 
Stor Kram och Glad Sommar! 
Christine Mack 
EFTA_R1_02173607 
EFTA02718796

