# EFTA02447499

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>Fortress VRF Investor Relations =-|
|To|=/b>|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>Fortress Value =ecovery Fund I LLC - Distribution|

---

**[FULL]:** or Relations =- Subject: =/b>Fortress Value =ecovery Fund I LLC - Distribution Date: =/b>October 12, 2016 at 4:47:07 PM =DT To: =/b> Cc: "Jeanne Brennan Richard, Please note a Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC (the =E2 Fund") cash distribution with respect to the interest =n the Fund held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on October 13, 2016 in the below amount. The distribution is effective September 1, =016. Pursuant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement =ated as of August 1, 2011 between Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the =mount will be distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with

**[FULL]:** LLC (the =E2 Fund") cash distribution with respect to the interest =n the Fund held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on October 13, 2016 in the below amount. The distribution is effective September 1, =016. Pursuant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement =ated as of August 1, 2011 between Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the =mount will be distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with its wire instructions on file with the Fund. Glenn Dubin: $118,049.60 wired to Jeepers Inc., Bank of =ew York EFTA_R1_01544537 EFTA02447499 Please contact Nicole Higgins at vith =ny questions. Thank you, F

**[FULL]:** ow amount. The distribution is effective September 1, =016. Pursuant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement =ated as of August 1, 2011 between Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the =mount will be distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with its wire instructions on file with the Fund. Glenn Dubin: $118,049.60 wired to Jeepers Inc., Bank of =ew York EFTA_R1_01544537 EFTA02447499 Please contact Nicole Higgins at vith =ny questions. Thank you, Fortress VRF Advisors I L1C Fortress VRF Investor Relations Fortress Investment Group 1345 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10105 2 EFTA_

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Friday, October 14, 2016 1:19 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC - Distribution 
Jeepers received funds of 118,049.60 this morning shall i send on to glen dubin or wait? 
please advise 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>Fortress VRF Investor Relations =-
Subject: =/b>Fortress Value =ecovery Fund I LLC - Distribution 
Date: =/b>October 12, 2016 at 4:47:07 PM =DT 
To: =/b> 
Cc: "Jeanne Brennan 
Richard, 
Please note a Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC (the =E2 Fund") cash distribution with respect to the interest 
=n the Fund held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on October 13, 2016 in the below amount. The distribution is effective 
September 1, =016. Pursuant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement =ated as of August 1, 2011 between 
Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the =mount will be distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with its wire instructions on 
file with the Fund. 
Glenn Dubin: $118,049.60 wired to Jeepers Inc., Bank of =ew York 
EFTA_R1_01544537 
EFTA02447499

Please contact Nicole Higgins at 
vith =ny questions. 
Thank you, 
Fortress VRF Advisors I L1C 
Fortress VRF Investor Relations 
Fortress Investment Group 
1345 Avenue of the Americas 
New York, NY 10105 
2 
EFTA_R1_01544538 
EFTA02447500

