# EFTA02389162

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, mit

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Boris Ni=olic (mailt|
|To|Brook Byers|
|Sent|Friday, June 13, 201 :|
|Subject|RE: Various|

---

**[FULL]:** of back office help as I am moving forward with my fund. I look forward to catc=ing up with you! All the best Boris From: Brook Byers [maiIto Sent: Thursday, June 12, 2 To: Boris Nikolic Subject: Various 1. I hope your fundraising has simplified since we tal=ed in Seattle. 2. Please tell Bill Gates that I will see him Sunday a= the Stanford Commencement. I am on the Board of Trustees so will be=in the "robe room" with him before we walk into the stadium. Brook 3 EFTA_R1_01412895 EFTA02389164

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Saturday, June 14, 2014 4:17 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@omail.com) 
Subject: 
FW: Various 
He is "B" of KPBC =96 a father of VC for healthcare/life science. 
I do have a number of =riends in the industry and this is why I think that a pipeline will not be=my problem (for at least 
2.3 years). 
B 
From: Brook Byers 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: RE: Various 
Sent: Friday, June 13, 2014 8:00 PM 
How soon can you make a co-investment with us. 
New funds are defined by wh=t they do.....more than by what they say. 
BB 
From: Boris Ni=olic (mailt 
Sent: Friday, June 13, 201 : 
To: Brook Byers 
Subject: RE: Various 
Thank you so much. 
EFTA_R1_01412893 
EFTA02389162

Thank you re your advice. I am aware of this risk. 
I am hoping that I can mitigate that. 
Also I am anxious to start and feel greatly delayed re Yuri. 
It would be great if we could meet that week 25th on - it would be super he=pful to have your guidance. 
Thank you 
Boris 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: Brook Byers 
Sent: 6/13/2014 11:07 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic</=> 
Subject: RE: Various <mailto 
I recall talking about your=mother but I didn't want to raise the topic. I am so sorry and hop= it is going well. 
Nice of Vinod to offer you =n office and support....but be careful to be seen by the VC and entreprene=r community as 
an independent fund from KV. 
Brook 
From: Boris Ni=olic Im 
Sent: Friday, June 13, 2014 3:33 AM 
To: Brook Byers 
Subject: RE: Various 
Thank you Brook! 
I will let Bill know.<=span> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01412894 
EFTA02389163

Re my plans — I am r=ght now in Croatia (my mother is undergoing chemo for her advanced lung ca=cer) and I am 
returning to USA on 23rd. On 24th 
My office is just few =locks from you on Sand Hill Road. Vinod Khosla offered me an office =nd some of back office help 
as I am moving forward with my fund. 
I look forward to catc=ing up with you! 
All the best 
Boris 
From: Brook Byers [maiIto 
Sent: Thursday, June 12, 2 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Various 
1. I hope your fundraising has simplified since we tal=ed in Seattle. 
2. 
Please tell Bill Gates that I will see him Sunday a= the Stanford Commencement. I am on the Board of Trustees so 
will be=in the "robe room" with him before we walk into the stadium. 
Brook 
3 
EFTA_R1_01412895 
EFTA02389164

