# EFTA02220571

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: From: Dowling, David Sent: Mon 8/28/2017 12:08:22 PM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Hi Andrew is Thx not in NYC this week. Sent from my iPhone > on Aug 28, 2017, at 7:41 AM, wrote: > Morning! Jeffrey will be in NY starting tomorrow through Friday...might Andrew have some time to come and see him? Please let me know if something might work.. > Thanks, This message, and any attachmen

**[WORD]:** To: From: Dowling, David Sent: Mon 8/28/2017 12:08:22 PM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Hi Andrew is Thx not in NYC this week. Sent from my iPhone > on Aug 28, 2017, at 7:41 AM, wrote: > Morning! Jeffrey will be in NY starting tomorrow through Friday...might Andrew have some time to come and see him? Please let me know if something might work.. > Thanks, This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is conf

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Dowling, David 
Sent: 
Mon 8/28/2017 12:08:22 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi 
Andrew is 
Thx 
not in NYC this week. 
Sent from my iPhone 
> on Aug 28, 2017, at 7:41 AM, 
wrote: 
> Morning! Jeffrey will be in NY starting tomorrow through Friday...might Andrew 
have some time to come and see him? Please let me know if something might work.. 
> Thanks, 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or 
using this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance 
thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, 
please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group 
LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement 
to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_00956241 
EFTA02220571

