# EFTA02561202

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** y Epstain - Friend of Sultan Subject: Jeffrey : Are a u a lebanese father ? Lebanese father... Father : "I want you to marry a girl of my choice." Son : "I will choose my own bride!!!" Father : "But the girl is Bill Gate's daughter..." Son : "Well, in that case... ok" Next Father approaches Bill Gates. Father : "I have a husband for your daughter..." Bill Gates : "But my daughter is too young to marry! l I ll" Father : "But this young man is a vice-president of the World Bank." Bill Gates : "Ah, in that case... ok" Finally Father goes to see the president of the World Bank. Father : "I hav

**[FULL]:** anese father ? Lebanese father... Father : "I want you to marry a girl of my choice." Son : "I will choose my own bride!!!" Father : "But the girl is Bill Gate's daughter..." Son : "Well, in that case... ok" Next Father approaches Bill Gates. Father : "I have a husband for your daughter..." Bill Gates : "But my daughter is too young to marry! l I ll" Father : "But this young man is a vice-president of the World Bank." Bill Gates : "Ah, in that case... ok" Finally Father goes to see the president of the World Bank. Father : "I have a young man to be recommended as a vice-president." Presiden

**[FULL]:** er : "But the girl is Bill Gate's daughter..." Son : "Well, in that case... ok" Next Father approaches Bill Gates. Father : "I have a husband for your daughter..." Bill Gates : "But my daughter is too young to marry! l I ll" Father : "But this young man is a vice-president of the World Bank." Bill Gates : "Ah, in that case... ok" Finally Father goes to see the president of the World Bank. Father : "I have a young man to be recommended as a vice-president." President : "But I already have more vice- presidents than I need! Farther : "But this young man is Bill Gates' son-in-law." President : "

**[FULL]:** esident of the World Bank." Bill Gates : "Ah, in that case... ok" Finally Father goes to see the president of the World Bank. Father : "I have a young man to be recommended as a vice-president." President : "But I already have more vice- presidents than I need! Farther : "But this young man is Bill Gates' son-in-law." President : "Ah, in that case... ok" And that, my friends, is how the Lebanese do business. Envoye avec BlackBerry° d'Orange <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> <plist version=.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
afri xp <afrixp@hotmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, September 29, 2012 12:09 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstain - Friend of Sultan 
Subject: 
Jeffrey : Are a u a lebanese father ? 
Lebanese father... 
Father : "I want you to marry a girl of my choice." 
Son : "I will choose my own bride!!!" 
Father : "But the girl is Bill Gate's daughter..." 
Son : "Well, in that case... ok" 
Next Father approaches Bill Gates. 
Father : "I have a husband for your daughter..." 
Bill Gates : "But my daughter is too young to marry! l I ll" 
Father : "But this young man is a vice-president of the World Bank." 
Bill Gates : "Ah, in that case... ok" 
Finally Father goes to see the president of the World Bank. 
Father : "I have a young man to be recommended as a vice-president." 
President : "But I already have more vice- presidents than I need! 
Farther : "But this young man is Bill Gates' son-in-law." 
President : "Ah, in that case... ok" 
And that, my friends, is how the Lebanese do business. 
Envoye avec BlackBerry° d'Orange 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD 
PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>232363</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
EFTA_R1_01722565 
EFTA02561202

<I nteger>1348920559</i nteger> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8623750145</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>248779</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01722566 
EFTA02561203

