# EFTA02391095

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: epstein, president

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Kjell Magne Bondevik|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** Date: Saturday, May 16, 2015 Sub'ect: Another phone nu=ber To: < <mailto Dear May be you remember we were in contact in 2014, I visited Mr. Epstein=in his office/residence, and we had a follow-up telephone conversation. I hope that it is possible to renew it now. I plan to go to NY for the Clinton Global Initiative Conference in Septembe=, and hope it could be possible to see Mr. Epstein again. May be we also c=uld have a telephone-contact before. Can you give me a response if this is possible? Kind regards, Kjell Magne Bondevik President of the Oslocenter Former Prime Minister of Norway O

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Saturday, May 16, 2015 3:23 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: Another phone number 
Shall I give Lesley's number? 
 
Forw=rded message 
From: Kjell Magne Bondevik 
Date: Saturday, May 16, 2015 
Sub'ect: Another phone nu=ber 
To: 
< 
<mailto 
Dear 
May be you remember we were in contact in 2014, I visited Mr. Epstein=in his office/residence, and we had a follow-up 
telephone conversation. 
I hope that it is possible to renew it now. 
I plan to go to NY for the Clinton Global Initiative Conference in Septembe=, and hope it could be possible to see Mr. 
Epstein again. May be we also c=uld have a telephone-contact before. 
Can you give me a response if this is possible? 
Kind regards, 
Kjell Magne Bondevik 
President of the Oslocenter 
Former Prime Minister of Norway 
 
O prinneli meldin  
Fra: 
(mailto: 
Sendt: 22. oktober 2013 01:57 
Til: Kjell Magne Bondevik 
Emne: Another phone number 
Dear Mr Bondevik, 
You can reach mr Epstein tomorrow on 
All the best, 
Sent from my iPhone 
javascript:;> 
. Thank you! 
1 
EFTA_R1_01416898 
EFTA02391095

The information contained in this commu=ication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may cons=itute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
2 
EFTA_R1_01416899 
EFTA02391096

