# EFTA00031918 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 64

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. REPLY MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL pi SUPPORT OF HER THIRD MOTION FOR RAII Bobbi C. Sternheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemhcim 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor New York NY 10011 Phone: Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York NY 10022 Phone:_ J

### Match 2
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. REPLY MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL pi SUPPORT OF HER THIRD MOTION FOR RAII Bobbi C. Sternheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemhcim 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor New York NY 10011 Phone: Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York NY 10022 Phone:_ Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Mcnninger HADDON, MORG

### Match 3
> obbi C. Stemhcim 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor New York NY 10011 Phone: Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York NY 10022 Phone:_ Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Mcnninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.0 150 East 10th Avenue Denver CO 80203 Phone: Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell EFTA00031918 Preliminary Statement The issue before the Court, as it has been since Ms. Maxwell's first bail application, is whether conditions exist that can reasonably assure Ms. Maxwell's appearance at trial. On her third application (the "Third Bail Motion") (Dkt.I60), Ms. Maxwell has put

### Match 4
> obbi C. Stemheim 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor New York NY 10011 Phone: Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue Ncw York. NY 10022 Phone: Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.0 150 East 10th Avenue Denver CO 80203 Phone: Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell East Building, where Ms. Maxwell is detained, have been reviewed by an HVAC expert retained by the Federal Defenders of New York and have been characterized as a "death trap." The MDC claims it is in the process of installing HEPA filters, a request long overdue in light of concerns regarding ve

### Match 5
> R - ATTORNEY AT LAW March 14th 2021 Re: Additional opinion on the extradition of nationals by the French government This memorandum was written pursuant to a request from Olivier Laude, a partner at the French firm Laude Esquier Champey acting on behalf of Cohen & Gresser LLP as counsel for Ms Ghislaine Maxwell. The request was made in the context of ongoing bail proceedings involving Ms Maxwell in the United States of America (hereafter "USA"), where Ms Maxwell is being detained pre-trial on charges relating to her alleged role in sexual activities involving Jeffrey Epstein from 1994 to 1997. 2. In a

### Match 6
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. REPLY MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL pi SUPPORT OF HER THIRD MOTION FOR RAII Bobbi C. Sternheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemhcim 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor New York NY 10011 Phone: Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York NY 10022 Ph

### Match 7
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. REPLY MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL pi SUPPORT OF HER THIRD MOTION FOR RAII Bobbi C. Sternheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemhcim 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor New York NY 10011 Phone: Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York NY 10022 Phone:_ Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Mcnninger HADD

### Match 8
> obbi C. Stemhcim 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor New York NY 10011 Phone: Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York NY 10022 Phone:_ Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Mcnninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.0 150 East 10th Avenue Denver CO 80203 Phone: Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell EFTA00031918 Preliminary Statement The issue before the Court, as it has been since Ms. Maxwell's first bail application, is whether conditions exist that can reasonably assure Ms. Maxwell's appearance at trial. On her third application (the "Third Bail Motion") (Dkt.I60), Ms. Maxwell

### Match 9
> obbi C. Stemheim 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor New York NY 10011 Phone: Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue Ncw York. NY 10022 Phone: Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.0 150 East 10th Avenue Denver CO 80203 Phone: Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell East Building, where Ms. Maxwell is detained, have been reviewed by an HVAC expert retained by the Federal Defenders of New York and have been characterized as a "death trap." The MDC claims it is in the process of installing HEPA filters, a request long overdue in light of concerns rega

### Match 10
> R - ATTORNEY AT LAW March 14th 2021 Re: Additional opinion on the extradition of nationals by the French government This memorandum was written pursuant to a request from Olivier Laude, a partner at the French firm Laude Esquier Champey acting on behalf of Cohen & Gresser LLP as counsel for Ms Ghislaine Maxwell. The request was made in the context of ongoing bail proceedings involving Ms Maxwell in the United States of America (hereafter "USA"), where Ms Maxwell is being detained pre-trial on charges relating to her alleged role in sexual activities involving Jeffrey Epstein from 1994 to 1997.
