# EFTA02448071

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** th= likes of BlackRock and others but I thought you might have some ideas. Ma=be some people to talk to? I would think its mo=e than cutting down on yachts and private planes or selling real estate in=Paris, Istanbul, London. Any thoughts?.=A0 PS: does my story on Abraaj get me a meeting=with Gates next time he is in town:) Landon Thomas, Jr. Financial Reporter =font face="verdana, sans-serif' color="n000000">New York Times<=div> http://topics.nytimes.com/top/referen=e/timestopics/people/t/landon_jr_thomas/index.html =C24, please note The information contained in this communic=tion is

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, October 17, 2016 10:06 PM 
To: 
Thomas Jr., Landon 
Subject: 
Re: Saudi money 
Shame you didn't ask yesterday 
On Monday, 17 =ctober 2016, Thomas Jr., Landon < 
> wrote: 
I have been called in to help on a big NYT investigation =nto how low oil prices have been effecting the personal 
finances of royal =amily in Saudi Arabia. Obviously they called in much of their cash from th= likes of BlackRock and 
others but I thought you might have some ideas. Ma=be some people to talk to? 
I would think its mo=e than cutting down on yachts and private planes or selling real estate in=Paris, Istanbul, 
London. 
Any thoughts?.=A0 
PS: does my story on Abraaj get me a meeting=with Gates next time he is in town:) 
Landon Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Reporter 
=font face="verdana, sans-serif' color="n000000">New York Times<=div> 
http://topics.nytimes.com/top/referen=e/timestopics/people/t/landon_jr_thomas/index.html 
=C24, please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constit=te inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addresse=. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying =f this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and =ay be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_01545413 
EFTA02448071

return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and<=r>destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof, 
including all attarhments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01545414 
EFTA02448072

