# EFTA02661562

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: joi ito

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Michael Wolff Sent: Saturday, May 19, 2018 7:00 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Absolutely On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 2:53 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacat=on@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: bill gates. nathan mhyvold. ? <=iv class="gmail_quote"> On Sat, May 19,=2018 at 6:19 PM Michael Wolff <mailto wrote: </=pan> All v good. More women. An Arab. Bannon. Brad Karp. <=iv class="gmail_quote"> On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 11:55 AM jeffrey E. =It;jeevacation@=mail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.co

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Michael Wolff 
Sent: 
Saturday, May 19, 2018 7:00 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
Absolutely 
On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 2:53 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacat=on@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
bill gates. nathan mhyvold. ? 
<=iv class="gmail_quote"> 
On Sat, May 19,=2018 at 6:19 PM Michael Wolff 
<mailto 
wrote: 
</=pan> 
All v good. More women. An Arab. Bannon. Brad Karp. 
<=iv class="gmail_quote"> 
On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 11:55 AM jeffrey E. =It;jeevacation@=mail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
woody alien. noam chomsky, ehudl b=rak fames watson. ariane rothschild. 
masha =rokova ( women Ruemm;ler ). ? . leon black. torn pritzker larry summers. joi ito. terje . sultan , t or j=rn 
jagland. 
gromov, deepak,4>=A0 Jacques lang.martin novak mark tramo, 
The informa=ion contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-cl=ent privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only=for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthori=ed use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof=is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received thiscommunication in error, please notify us 
immediately by 
return e-mail =r by e-mail to =eevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies=thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01910005 
EFTA02661562

<=div> 
40=A0 
please note 
The information conta=ned in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privi=eged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
th= use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, d=sclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strict=y prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communic=tion in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-ma=l to jeevacatio=@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof,<=r>including all attachments. copyright -all rights 
reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01910006 
EFTA02661563

