# EFTA02366307

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey E.|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Wednesday, January 11, 2017 3:42 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Farkas, Andrew L. < Sent: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 9:13 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Hi! Tried you from BVI and last week. In Florida @ strategic planning mtgs,=then to dxb for mtgs til Tues. Where r u latter part of next week? Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. From: Jeffrey E. Sent: Wednesda

**[WORD]:** 9:13 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Hi! Tried you from BVI and last week. In Florida @ strategic planning mtgs,=then to dxb for mtgs til Tues. Where r u latter part of next week? Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. From: Jeffrey E. Sent: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 3:42 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: new york? im here, ayh ? tim=ng? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclo

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. < 
Sent: 
Wednesday, January 11, 2017 9:13 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
Hi! Tried you from BVI and last week. In Florida @ strategic planning mtgs,=then to dxb for mtgs til Tues. Where r u 
latter part of next week? 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: Jeffrey E. 
Sent: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 3:42 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
new york? im here, ayh ? tim=ng? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary,=privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from dis=losure (either 
by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the in=ended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reprodu=ing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including any r=liance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message =n error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the message (in=luding any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in 
electronic or hard copy format. Nothi=g contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement= 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC =r any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital=Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01362824 
EFTA02366307

