# EFTA00031497 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "inquiry@clalinfox.corn" <inquirygclairnfox.com>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Update on your requested records from USAA - Criminal Banking - Ghislaine Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: "inquiry@clalinfox.corn" <inquirygclairnfox.com> To Subject: Update on your requested records from USAA - Criminal Banking - Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Tue, 07 Jul 2020 17:05:18 +0000 Your Request is Being Prepared The request for records has been received and is being prepared. You will be notified when the requested records and invoice are available for pick-up via the ClaimFox Portal. Date Of Loss: Claimant Name: Ghislaine Maxwell

### Match 2
> Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Tue, 07 Jul 2020 17:05:18 +0000 Your Request is Being Prepared The request for records has been received and is being prepared. You will be notified when the requested records and invoice are available for pick-up via the ClaimFox Portal. Date Of Loss: Claimant Name: Ghislaine Maxwell Invoice #: 42561447 Requested From: USAA - Criminal Banking Claim #: 40897182 Reference #: You can check the status of this and other requests by going to the ClaimFox Portal. Powered by ClaimFox, Inc. © 2019 ClaimFox, Inc. - All Rights Reserved SBP 1A Disclaimer The information contained

### Match 3
> From: "inquiry@clalinfox.corn" <inquirygclairnfox.com> To Subject: Update on your requested records from USAA - Criminal Banking - Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Tue, 07 Jul 2020 17:05:18 +0000 Your Request is Being Prepared The request for records has been received and is being prepared. You will be notified when the requested records and invoice are available for pick-up via the ClaimFox Portal. Date Of Loss: Claimant Name: Ghislaine

### Match 4
> Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Tue, 07 Jul 2020 17:05:18 +0000 Your Request is Being Prepared The request for records has been received and is being prepared. You will be notified when the requested records and invoice are available for pick-up via the ClaimFox Portal. Date Of Loss: Claimant Name: Ghislaine Maxwell Invoice #: 42561447 Requested From: USAA - Criminal Banking Claim #: 40897182 Reference #: You can check the status of this and other requests by going to the ClaimFox Portal. Powered by ClaimFox, Inc. © 2019 ClaimFox, Inc. - All Rights Reserved SBP 1A Disclaimer The information co
