# EFTA00027585 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 7

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** RE: Aircraft info

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ertified copies of the airman and/or medical file can be obtained at a later date. As I mentioned previously, I want to clarify some details regarding the helicopters. What I found appeared to be slightly different from what was included in the original e-mail to me below. N722JE nicknamed Air Ghislaine 2 Helicopter Sikorsky S-76C Aircraft Serial Number: 760750 Date Current Registration issued: 17 July 2019 Current Registered Owner: Hyperion Air LLC Current Registration Signed By: Lawrence P. Visoski, Jr. Aircraft Purchased from: ASI Wings LLC Date of Purchase: 13 June 2019 Seller Signatu

### Match 2
> thorization) Bill of Sale: 18 July 2011 Aircraft Purchased by ASI Wings, LLC from: Freedom Air International, Inc Aircraft Registered by: Freedom Air International, Inc Registration of Aircraft on 02 August 2010 Signed By: Darren K. Indyke Name Change To: Shmitka Air Inc Name Change From: Air Ghislaine Inc Date of Registered Owner Name Change: 11 February 2010 Requested Special Registration Number: N722JE Special Registration Number Issued on: 10 March 2010 Date Requested Special Registration Number: 11 February 2010 Aircraft Registered by: Air Ghislaine, Inc. Registration of Aircraft on 29

### Match 3
> hmitka Air Inc Name Change From: Air Ghislaine Inc Date of Registered Owner Name Change: 11 February 2010 Requested Special Registration Number: N722JE Special Registration Number Issued on: 10 March 2010 Date Requested Special Registration Number: 11 February 2010 Aircraft Registered by: Air Ghislaine, Inc. Registration of Aircraft on 29 December 2008 Signed By: Larry Visoski EFTA00027586 Aircraft Purchased from Sikorsky on: 30 December 2008 Aircraft Assigned Registration Number: N750A N331JE Helicopter Bell 430 Aircraft Serial Number: 49078 Date Current Registration issued: 19 November

### Match 4
> ng out that would be able to assist you in any way. Thanks again, Special Agent FBI New York Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking EFTA00027587 From: Sent: Friday, December 06, 2019 1:02 PM To: Subject: Aircra t in o Hello! Below is the info for the helicopters and the private jet. Name: Ghislaine Noelle Maxwell • Certificate: Private Pilot • Date of Issue: 10/2/2007 • Helicopter: Rotorcraft o Sikorsky S-76C; nicknamed Air Ghislaine 2 • Likely Serial Number: 760750 o States certificate was issued on 7/17/2019 • Helicopter Info: • Tail Number: N722JE • Type: 2008 Keystone Helicopter

### Match 5
> 27587 From: Sent: Friday, December 06, 2019 1:02 PM To: Subject: Aircra t in o Hello! Below is the info for the helicopters and the private jet. Name: Ghislaine Noelle Maxwell • Certificate: Private Pilot • Date of Issue: 10/2/2007 • Helicopter: Rotorcraft o Sikorsky S-76C; nicknamed Air Ghislaine 2 • Likely Serial Number: 760750 o States certificate was issued on 7/17/2019 • Helicopter Info: • Tail Number: N722JE • Type: 2008 Keystone Helicopter S-76C • Prior Registration: Freedom Air International Inc, 103 Folk Rd St 202 Wilmington, DE 19803 • Old Tail Number: N331JE o Serial Numbe

### Match 6
> : 2008 Keystone Helicopter S-76C • Prior Registration: Freedom Air International Inc, 103 Folk Rd St 202 Wilmington, DE 19803 • Old Tail Number: N331JE o Serial Number: 49078 o States certificate was issued on 9/6/2013 2nd Helicopter: • Bell Jet Ranger • Tail Number: N491GM • Nicknamed: Air Ghislaine 1 Private Jet: • Tail Number: N2121E o Serial Number: 5173 o Type: GV SP (G550) Fixed Wing Multi Engine o Certificate Issued: 3/31/2017 • Tail Number: N1201E o Serial Number: 1085 o Type: G-IV Fixed Wing Multi Engine o Certificate Issued: 5/30/2013 • Tail Number: N9091E o Serial Number:

### Match 7
> (LEAP) Federal Aviation Administration, AXE-810 From: Sent: Lday, December 6, 2019 1:18 PM To: Cc: Subject: Aircraft info Hi It was nice talking with you yesterday. Thanks for your assistance with this. Please see the below email of aircraft information. Below are the aircrafts we believe Maxwell has/had been using. The helicopter we know that she personally piloted, while the jets we know her to be a passenger. You'll notice some of the aircrafts will be associated with Jeffrey Epstein, as she traveled with him frequently. Any information you are able to provide would be helpful. If ther
