# EFTA02363081

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeff [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Wednesday, June 06, 2012 01:52 PM|
|Subject|Re: Update|

---

**[WORD]:** lobal Co-Head, Real Estate Investment Banking I > J.P. =organ Securities LLC I 383 Madison Avenue I New York, NY 10179 I .4 .4 4 • I 14 14 4 .41 (4 4144 • rile, > Alternate contacts: > Sheila Myers-Grauling I Nikki RotondlialaINIMPPIIIIINI > 3330=I • Original Message > From: Farkas, Andrew L. IIMMEEMIN IE > Sent: Tuesday, June 05, 2012 06:19 PM > To: Baker, Brian J.; McCabe, Murray > Subject: Following Up > Hi Murray, hi Brian. I am just following up from yesterday as you had su=gested that we touch base today. I'm around and can be reached at this ema=l address o --. ..., .

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 6, 2012 6:54 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com* 
Subject: 
Re: Update 
I am assuming they are talking about everything. 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeff [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2012 01:52 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: Re: Update 
To be clear , is this a deaknthat is for you and I , or for c3 
Sent from my iPad 
On Jun 6, 2012, at 2:45 PM, "Farkas, Andrew L.Visksjoigasjoismo wrote= 
> Just fyi 
 
•
 Original Message 
> From: McCabe, Murray 
> Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2012 12:06 PM 
> To: Farkas, Andrew L.; Baker, Brian J 
'
 
-
> Subject: Update 
> Andrew - 
> I hope you received my voice mail. 
> We need more time to evaluate our ability to finance this deal which is a=value proposition you clearly want from us 
before you embrace us. 
> We have made no decisions on who to work with until we know we have somet=ing to offer. 
> You guys are clearly a key player and we are focused on that. 
> I think we can have an answer on confidence around the financing appetite=next week. 
> I wish I could move it faster. 
> Speak early next week. 
> Best 
> M 
EFTA_R1_01356141 
EFTA02363081

> Murray J. McCabe I Global Co-Head, Real Estate Investment Banking I 
> J.P. =organ Securities LLC I 383 Madison Avenue I New York, NY 10179 I 
.4 .4 4 
• 
I 
14  
14 4 .41 (4 4144 
• rile, 
> Alternate contacts: 
> Sheila Myers-Grauling I Nikki RotondlialaINIMPPIIIIINI 
> 3330=I 
 
•
 Original Message 
> From: Farkas, Andrew L. IIMMEEMIN
IE 
> Sent: Tuesday, June 05, 2012 06:19 PM 
> To: Baker, Brian J.; McCabe, Murray 
> Subject: Following Up 
> Hi Murray, hi Brian. I am just following up from yesterday as you had su=gested that we touch base today. I'm around 
and can be reached at this ema=l address o 
--.
..., 
.  
Thanks for taking the =ime to hear 
me out yesterday. I enjoyed the discussion. 
> Sent from my iPad 
> This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended ex=lusively for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom it is addressed. =his communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietar=, privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement= or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or u=der applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby=notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disse=inating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(includi=g any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this =essage in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the mes=age (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether =n 
electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall b= considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any =greement with C-III Capital Partners LLC or any of its affiliates, each of=which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by C-III Capital =artners LLC or such affiliate. 
> This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and 
> conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of securities, 
> accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, 
> legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, available at 
> http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/email. 
> This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended ex=lusively for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom it is addressed. =his communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietar=, privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement= or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or u=der applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby=notified that printing, 
2 
EFTA_R1_01356142 
EFTA02363082

retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disse=inating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(includi=g any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this =essage in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the mes=age (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether =n 
electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall b= considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any =greement with C-III Capital Partners LLC or any of its affiliates, each of=which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by C-III Capital =artners LLC or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary,=privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, =r otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or und=r applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby n=tified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, dissemi=ating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including=any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this me=sage in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the messa=e (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in=electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be =onsidered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any ag=eement with C-III Capital Partners LLC or any of its affiliates, each of w=ich 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by C-III Capital Pa=tners LLC or such affiliate. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
creal>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1339008816</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox<Aey> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>227851</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01356143 
EFTA02363083

