# EFTA02588055

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: foundation, mit

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Lawrence Krauss Sent: Sunday, September 7, 2014 10:08 PM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Fwd: NYTimes.com: So Bill Gates Has This Idea for a History Class ... So, =effrey.. Origins does this in spades... those connections are =art of what we are about.. how come Bill isn't =nterested? Sent b The Education =ssue So Bill Gates Has This Idea for a History Class ..../a> By ANDREW ROSS =ORKIN Should one of the worl

**[FULL]:** nt: Sunday, September 7, 2014 10:08 PM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Fwd: NYTimes.com: So Bill Gates Has This Idea for a History Class ... So, =effrey.. Origins does this in spades... those connections are =art of what we are about.. how come Bill isn't =nterested? Sent b The Education =ssue So Bill Gates Has This Idea for a History Class ..../a> By ANDREW ROSS =ORKIN Should one of the world's richest men get to dictate the =uture of how we learn about our past? Or, copy and paste this URL into your =rowser: =ttp://nyti.ms/1uSXTtH To get unlimited access to =11 New York Times articles, subscribe

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lawrence Krauss 
Sent: 
Sunday, September 7, 2014 10:08 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: NYTimes.com: So Bill Gates Has This Idea for a History Class ... 
So, =effrey.. Origins does this in spades... those connections are =art of what we are about.. how come Bill isn't 
=nterested? 
Sent b 
The Education =ssue 
So Bill Gates Has This Idea for a History Class ..../a> 
By ANDREW ROSS =ORKIN 
Should one of the world's richest men get to dictate the =uture of how we learn about our past? 
Or, copy and paste this URL into your =rowser: =ttp://nyti.ms/1uSXTtH 
To get unlimited access to =11 New York Times articles, subscribe today. See Subscription Options. 
To ensure delivery to your inbox, please add nytdirect@nytimes.com to your address book. 
Advertisement 
Copyright 2014 I The New York =imes Company I NYTimes.com <http://NYTimes.com> 620 =ighth Avenue New York, 
NY 10018 
Lawrence M. Krauss 
Foundation =rofessor 
Director, The ASU Origins =roject 
Co-Director, Cosmology Initiative 
Assoc. =ir, Beyond Center 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
College =f Liberal Arts and Sciences 
School of Earth and Space =xploration 
PO Box 871404 I Tempe AZ =5287-1404 
ttp 
rauss. tacu lty.asu.e u 
EFTA_R1_01768880 
EFTA02588055

Exec. Asst (Jessica): 
Origins Asst (Cynthi 
2 
EFTA_R1_01768881 
EFTA02588056

