# EFTA00021965 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** Christian Everdell <a,
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN)

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Christian Everdell <a, BOBBI C STERNHEIM Laura Menninger ania, Jeff Pagliuca Cc: Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Date: Sat, 06 Nov 2021 17:30:59 +0000 Attachments: 2021.11.06_Maxwell_Cover_Letter.pdf; 2021.11.06_U.S._v_Ghislaine_Maxwell_Non- Testifying_Witness_Material_(Defense).pdf; 2021.11.06_U.S._v_Ghislaine_Maxwell_3500_Index_(Defense).pdf Counsel, We have a supplemental production of testifying witness and non-testifying witness material ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter and

### Match 2
> <a, BOBBI C STERNHEIM Laura Menninger ania, Jeff Pagliuca Cc: Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Date: Sat, 06 Nov 2021 17:30:59 +0000 Attachments: 2021.11.06_Maxwell_Cover_Letter.pdf; 2021.11.06_U.S._v_Ghislaine_Maxwell_Non- Testifying_Witness_Material_(Defense).pdf; 2021.11.06_U.S._v_Ghislaine_Maxwell_3500_Index_(Defense).pdf Counsel, We have a supplemental production of testifying witness and non-testifying witness material ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter and indices. The production will be made via USAfx. We will load and send the hard drive

### Match 3
> .pdf Counsel, We have a supplemental production of testifying witness and non-testifying witness material ready to send to you. Attached please find the accompanying cover letter and indices. The production will be made via USAfx. We will load and send the hard drive you provided to the MDC for Ms. Maxwell. Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York EFTA00021965

### Match 4
> From: To: Christian Everdell <a, BOBBI C STERNHEIM Laura Menninger ania, Jeff Pagliuca Cc: Subject: US v. Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Date: Sat, 06 Nov 2021 17:30:59 +0000 Attachments: 2021.11.06_Maxwell_Cover_Letter.pdf; 2021.11.06_U.S._v_Ghislaine_Maxwell_Non- Testifying_Witness_Material_(Defense).pdf; 2021.11.06_U.S._v_Ghislaine_Maxwell_3500_Index_(Defense).pdf Counsel, We have a supplemental production o
