# EFTA02383984

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: Tuesday, July 26, 2011 5:08 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Going through immigration. I have two meetings and be free around 6. Will you be home? Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Tue, 26 Jul 2011 08:47:29 -0400 To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: where are you? The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Tuesday, July 26, 2011 5:08 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Going through immigration. I have two meetings and be free around 6. Will you be home? 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 26 Jul 2011 08:47:29 -0400 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
where are you? 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
1 
EFTA_R1_01401319 
EFTA02383984

