# EFTA02514921

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, December 27, 2014 4:18 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: address? On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dubin <evadubin=hotmail.com <mailto:evadubin@hotmail.com> wrote: Come by!! Sent from my iPhone On Dec =7, 2014, at 9:06 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.co=» wrote: staying now until 2 come =ist =AO

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, December 27, 2014 4:18 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: address? On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dubin <evadubin=hotmail.com <mailto:evadubin@hotmail.com> wrote: Come by!! Sent from my iPhone On Dec =7, 2014, at 9:06 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.co=» wrote: staying now until 2 come =ist =AO please note The information contained i= this communication is con

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, December 27, 2014 4:18 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
address? 
On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dubin <evadubin=hotmail.com <mailto:evadubin@hotmail.com>  wrote: 
Come by!! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec =7, 2014, at 9:06 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.co=» wrote: 
staying now until 2 come =ist 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use =f the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclos=re or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication =n error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to =a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" 
target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
EFTA_R1_01649045 
EFTA02514921

co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error =please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01649046 
EFTA02514922

