# EFTA00016000 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Sara Boboltz
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, November 21, 2019 2:49 PM
- **Subject:** Prince Andrew as Epstein witness? - HuffPost

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: "Blase, Nicholas (USANYS)" To: USANYS)" Cc: Subject: RE: Prince Andrew as Epstein witness? - HuffPost Date: Thu, 21 Nov 2019 19:52:03 +0000 I'll respond. Thanks. From: Sent: Thursday, November 21, 2019 2:51 PM To: Cc: Subject: FW: Prince Andrew as Epstein witness? - HuffPost From: Sara Boboltz Sent: Thursday, November 21, 2019 2:49 PM To: Subject: Prince A

### Match 2
> From: "Blase, Nicholas (USANYS)" To: USANYS)" Cc: Subject: RE: Prince Andrew as Epstein witness? - HuffPost Date: Thu, 21 Nov 2019 19:52:03 +0000 I'll respond. Thanks. From: Sent: Thursday, November 21, 2019 2:51 PM To: Cc: Subject: FW: Prince Andrew as Epstein witness? - HuffPost From: Sara Boboltz Sent: Thursday, November 21, 2019 2:49 PM To: Subject: Prince Andrew as Epstein witness? - HuffPost Hello, Writing to ask whether Britain's Prince Andrew will submit to questioning by U.S. investigators looking into Jeffrey Epstein's potenti

### Match 3
> e Andrew as Epstein witness? - HuffPost Date: Thu, 21 Nov 2019 19:52:03 +0000 I'll respond. Thanks. From: Sent: Thursday, November 21, 2019 2:51 PM To: Cc: Subject: FW: Prince Andrew as Epstein witness? - HuffPost From: Sara Boboltz Sent: Thursday, November 21, 2019 2:49 PM To: Subject: Prince Andrew as Epstein witness? - HuffPost Hello, Writing to ask whether Britain's Prince Andrew will submit to questioning by U.S. investigators looking into Jeffrey Epstein's potential co-conspirators. The Telegraph reported this morning that the prince is preparing to do so. Please let me know one way

### Match 4
> spond. Thanks. From: Sent: Thursday, November 21, 2019 2:51 PM To: Cc: Subject: FW: Prince Andrew as Epstein witness? - HuffPost From: Sara Boboltz Sent: Thursday, November 21, 2019 2:49 PM To: Subject: Prince Andrew as Epstein witness? - HuffPost Hello, Writing to ask whether Britain's Prince Andrew will submit to questioning by U.S. investigators looking into Jeffrey Epstein's potential co-conspirators. The Telegraph reported this morning that the prince is preparing to do so. Please let me know one way or the other if you can confirm. Thank you. Sara Boboltz Reporter HuffPost New York,
