# EFTA02439236

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|FW: Meeting|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epstein eevacation maitcorn From: "Gi Feather < Sent Mon 6/22/2009 3:19:54 PM Subject: FW: Meeting > on behalf of "Gerald Barton" Jeffrey. My apologies. Accidentally sent Jerry's email as if it were coming from Bill Vaughan. Gi Jeffrey, I had a nice meeting with Andrew. He treats your friends very well. He thought there was a substantive possibility of synergism between what he does and what we do. He asked Charles Gamer to join us. Charles is President of IGY. Andrew left and I talked with Charles and his associate and they mutually had sufficient interest. W

**[WORD]:** Jerry's email as if it were coming from Bill Vaughan. Gi Jeffrey, I had a nice meeting with Andrew. He treats your friends very well. He thought there was a substantive possibility of synergism between what he does and what we do. He asked Charles Gamer to join us. Charles is President of IGY. Andrew left and I talked with Charles and his associate and they mutually had sufficient interest. We set up another meeting at 11:30 a.m. at their offices in New York on July 1st. A very nice meeting. Thank you. Jerry Gerald G. Barton Landmark Land Company, Inc. P.O. Box 1880 Upper Marlboro, MD 20

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epstein eevacation 
maitcorn 
From: 
"Gi Feather < 
Sent 
Mon 6/22/2009 3:19:54 PM 
Subject: FW: Meeting 
> on behalf of "Gerald Barton" 
Jeffrey. 
My apologies. Accidentally sent Jerry's email as if it were coming from Bill Vaughan. 
Gi 
Jeffrey, 
I had a nice meeting with Andrew. He treats your friends very well. He thought there was a substantive 
possibility of synergism between what he does and what we do. He asked Charles Gamer to join us. Charles is 
President of IGY. Andrew left and I talked with Charles and his associate and they mutually had sufficient 
interest. We set up another meeting at 11:30 a.m. at their offices in New York on July 1st. 
A very nice meeting. Thank you. 
Jerry 
Gerald G. Barton 
Landmark Land Company, Inc. 
P.O. Box 1880 
Upper Marlboro, MD 20773 
DISCLAIMER: This e-mail message, including any attached files and subsequent replies, is 
intended only for the exclusive use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may 
contain information that is proprietary, privileged, confidential and/or exempt from disclosure 
under applicable law. If the reader of this e-mail message is not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any viewing, copying, disclosure or distribution of this communication is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately 
by either telephone or e-mail, and delete the original and any copies from your computer system. 
Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01512904 
EFTA02439236

