# EFTA00021355 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** "McNeil,
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Ghislaine Maxwell renewed bail application

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: (USAWS)" c lIMI> To: "McNeil, M (CRM)" Cc: • 0 <SNIMIN>, "SO Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell renewed bail application Date: Wed, 24 Feb 2021 01:10:34 +0000 Attachments: MAXWELL_BAIL_APPLICATION_with_EXHIBIT_2-23-17.pdf M, I hope all is well. Ghislaine Maxwell's attorneys filed a third bail application earlier today. As part of that application, they proposed that she will renounce her

### Match 2
> From: (USAWS)" c lIMI> To: "McNeil, M (CRM)" Cc: • 0 <SNIMIN>, "SO Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell renewed bail application Date: Wed, 24 Feb 2021 01:10:34 +0000 Attachments: MAXWELL_BAIL_APPLICATION_with_EXHIBIT_2-23-17.pdf M, I hope all is well. Ghislaine Maxwell's attorneys filed a third bail application earlier today. As part of that application, they proposed that she will renounce her French and British citizenship, claiming that such a renunciation obviates the Court's concerns about the validity of waivers of extradition. I have attached their appli

### Match 3
> From: (USAWS)" c lIMI> To: "McNeil, M (CRM)" Cc: • 0 <SNIMIN>, "SO Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell renewed bail application Date: Wed, 24 Feb 2021 01:10:34 +0000 Attachments: MAXWELL_BAIL_APPLICATION_with_EXHIBIT_2-23-17.pdf M, I hope all is well. Ghislaine Maxwell's attorneys filed a third bail application earlier today. As part of that application, they proposed that she will reno

### Match 4
> From: (USAWS)" c lIMI> To: "McNeil, M (CRM)" Cc: • 0 <SNIMIN>, "SO Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell renewed bail application Date: Wed, 24 Feb 2021 01:10:34 +0000 Attachments: MAXWELL_BAIL_APPLICATION_with_EXHIBIT_2-23-17.pdf M, I hope all is well. Ghislaine Maxwell's attorneys filed a third bail application earlier today. As part of that application, they proposed that she will renounce her French and British citizenship, claiming that such a renunciation obviates the Court's concerns about the validity of waivers of extradition. I have attached the
