# EFTA02575089

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, September 28, 2013 11:04 PM To: David Stern; Joshua Cooper Ramo you two should meet. david is prince andrews chin= person-- great friend. josh is a partner in kissinger asst. chin= . you both speak chinese. david is german Jewish , josh in newmexic= jewish =br>The information contained in this communication is confidential, may=be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and i=

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, September 28, 2013 11:04 PM 
To: 
David Stern; Joshua Cooper Ramo 
you two should meet. david is prince andrews chin= person-- great friend. josh is a partner in kissinger asst. chin= . 
you both speak chinese. david is german Jewish , josh in newmexic= jewish 
 
=br>The information contained in this 
communication is confidential, may=be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and i= intended 
only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is communication 
in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or=by e-mail to je=vacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, including all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved 
--146d040f9ffed4Ocad04e7799e9a-- conversation-id 267861 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1380409448 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 347004 
1 
EFTA_R1_01746279 
EFTA02575089

