# EFTA02731254 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet12
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 10

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> k the right way up with the person I'm most able to talk to be the first. At first when I heard it was approved I thought Id be mil to Arizona but when they said was best fit because I'm able to work with I wanted to scream and cry because I haven't been back to Florida since my last time with Ghislaine and Jeffrad so that was so scary and I didn't want to have a man therapist even if he does know about I won't be able to talk to him even though it turns out that he is super nice and understands me. The flight wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be. I felt wei other people since I was a

### Match 2
> she could tell to the pilot and I kept looking to make sure it wasn't one o ey' but it wasn't. During the flight she would make sure and drinks and when I got really scared as we with me. I started getting really scared once 14 wese terrified that maybe this was a set-up and whi I tit t off Ghislaine but the flight attendant didn't and then helped me to find the driver The drive was super scary. The so many people drive BLAC And he was nice but it internal panic as I wa right to Jeffrey's h gross, disgusting pi ansi the roads felt the same beca e on a plane with so many better. More

### Match 3
> h rst she introduced me is at could be co-pilot Notairokay3 pt giving me free snacks tl!t e looked at fun magazines beca se had to meet a driver and I was plane I'd see Mr. Juan or maybe even e. he walked with me to get my things sure he knew where he was taking me. e car was too much like Ghislaine's. Why do th windows that seem so dark. as trying to stop the memories and I started to have w dows because it looks so much like we were heading ed to think I'd been set up and we'd soon see his stupid, any time and I don't know if I am even that close to there but verything is so flat here.

### Match 4
> o make it so pretty. And. is really nice but I still wish I could have gotten a girl therapist because I know I won't be able to talk about any of this trauma. I don't like to go to the groups outside of the healing garden or the other building because I get so much panic that I think Jeffrey or Ghislaine will just pop up. 2 EFTA02731255 May 25. 2012 ...Like the idiot that I am did happy claps and quickly realized what I was doing and he said I immediately had a change in body language and looked distant and sad and asked why something happy made me so sad and I wanted to tell how even being

### Match 5
> hat Jeffrey is around every corner but then I remember the rules. .... I'm so fucked up being down here again. But no words would come. But I told him that I was writing about it and that I started to confide a bit in= and my friend I've slowly started to tell her what happened with Jeffrey and Ghislaine and why nighttime is especially hard here. There are times I can tell she does not really think Ghislaine is vegeld but she doesn't want to C) upset me. 4( ... I need more clarification about the rules and what stuff( st be re especially since I'm in I want to be able to tell = every singl

### Match 6
> in. But no words would come. But I told him that I was writing about it and that I started to confide a bit in= and my friend I've slowly started to tell her what happened with Jeffrey and Ghislaine and why nighttime is especially hard here. There are times I can tell she does not really think Ghislaine is vegeld but she doesn't want to C) upset me. 4( ... I need more clarification about the rules and what stuff( st be re especially since I'm in I want to be able to tell = every single viti „.. I'm not even sure how you're supposed to talk a e say the words out loud. I can't. I think if

### Match 7
> but not as bad. At least she's teachi rather than teaching me how to do grown up things .she confess. But I think■ will be proud of how I handle m trauma but I haven't been reall so I deci talked to this evening and I prett I can't write the other word and s didn't need to be said. I kno Ghislaine did was "normal understand. I have a fee Jeffrey. is just mean and I never She isn't neariakind as I and I can't II him. reminds e how e things in Japanese ste with a secret she had to to ay if I have been writing about o that tonight since cause of the new trio that formed. I hing ex

### Match 8
> ste with a secret she had to to ay if I have been writing about o that tonight since cause of the new trio that formed. I hing except for the everything that I felt it was something that sh% kept asking me if I understood that nothing g" but I tried to explain to her, but she didn't ye that Ghislaine didn't know about anyone else but She would try to spl eally t nd calmly that it doesn't make sense for her to be so close and to now know, especial so many men were up from the city and the fact that I met her and Jeffrey up near the city t started getting really really super distressed an

### Match 9
> t explain the things she felt I didn't understand. I promised I would do that as soon as she left and so I know I must do it before she gets back for lights out. I'm not sure how to do this but I'll do my best and if I did it wrong I'm sure she'll say something. - From 16-18 — MiAldie, Jeffrey, Ghislaine, Trio sent to many in DC, NY, FL, island, too many (I hate HATE) 4 EFTA02731258 How in the hell am I suppose to have "radical acceptance" of these thin s? It's a honor story that I survived why was I allowed to survive? Am I a monster? I wish would hurry up and come back because I don't kno

### Match 10
> o sent to many in DC, NY, FL, island, too many (I hate HATE) 4 EFTA02731258 How in the hell am I suppose to have "radical acceptance" of these thin s? It's a honor story that I survived why was I allowed to survive? Am I a monster? I wish would hurry up and come back because I don't know if Ghislaine should be in there. and thinks so, thinks so but what am I missing? Why won't say? I'm going to ask as soon as she returns. I don't want to radically accept. I want to know why. What could I possibly learn from this? A priest! I planned that out so well. He couldn't talk or tell. He is suppos
