# EFTA02642727

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: president, hillary, campaign

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** asion =f Iraq, and horror of ISIS, George Bush was elected president in the =ear 2000. It was due to the electoral college (a rigged system which =riginally intended to prevent slaves from voting and evolved to =errymandering), even though Bush's opponent, Al Gore, won the =ational popular vote. Hillary Clinton was elected senator that year, and =he announced that the first thing she would do was to get rid of the =lectoral college. A few years later, as a columnist for the New York Press, I sent her a letter asking about the =tatus of that promise. She didn't reply. On November 8, 2016, a =ro

**[FULL]:** nti-choice, anti-Semite, fake Christian, =limate-change hoaxer, twitter addict, homophobic, apprentice =olitician, friendly fascist, and Vladimir Putin's "useful=idiot," namely Donald Trump, who was elected as an insanely =arcissistic dictator based on the electoral college, whereas his =pponent, Hillary Clinton, won the national popular vote by "more =han three million" individuals. Irony lives. But an incredibly cruel monster inadvertently =wakened a sleeping population to counteract the essence of evil with =ove, laughs, and law, fueled by the aid of true news. Incidentally, =utin had 88 jo

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
paul krassner 
Sent: 
Friday, July 21, 2017 4:14 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
hey 
J. or Jeff or Jeffrey, 
Hope things are going well for you. 
I finally finished =rimming down my collection from 700 pages to 400, "60 Years of =nvestigative Satire: The Best of PK." 
The piece below is the =ast one in the book. You've previously seen the first =alf. 
Enjoy, 
Paul or Zen Bastard or =umpleforeskin 
=/span>Alternative Facts 
Between the choice of a one-man-one-vote (Supreme Court Justice =ntonin Scalia) and fake news of Weapons of Mass 
Destruction, invasion =f Iraq, and horror of ISIS, George Bush was elected president in the =ear 2000. It was due to the 
electoral college (a rigged system which =riginally intended to prevent slaves from voting and evolved to 
=errymandering), even though Bush's opponent, Al Gore, won the =ational popular vote. 
Hillary Clinton was elected senator that year, and =he announced that the first thing she would do was to get rid of the 
=lectoral college. A few years later, as a columnist for the New York Press, I sent her a letter asking about the =tatus of 
that promise. She didn't reply. 
On November 8, 2016, a =rooked businessman, liar extraordinaire, bragging pussy-grabber, =ake-America-white-again, 
anti-choice, anti-Semite, fake Christian, =limate-change hoaxer, twitter addict, homophobic, apprentice =olitician, 
friendly fascist, and Vladimir Putin's "useful=idiot," namely Donald Trump, who was elected as an insanely =arcissistic 
dictator based on the electoral college, whereas his =pponent, Hillary Clinton, won the national popular vote by "more 
=han three million" individuals. 
Irony lives. 
But an incredibly cruel monster inadvertently =wakened a sleeping population to counteract the essence of evil with 
=ove, laughs, and law, fueled by the aid of true news. Incidentally, =utin had 88 journalists murdered. No wonder Trump 
told him, "1410=804os an honor to be with you." Now Putin wanted new Obama4>=99s sanctions on Russia to be 
reprieved. 
National Security Adviser Michael Flynn had =iscussed it with the Russian ambassador a month before Trump took 
=ffice. Although General Flynn joined his campaign and shared criminal =ecrets, he denied them to the FBI. It was a 
felony offense. =he Justice Department warned Trump that Flynn had =isled Mike Pence, and that Flynt could be 
vulnerable to =lackmail. Trump asked Flynn to resign, and yet he offered =is job back when he got out of prison. Why? 
Because Flynt was the =capegoat, taking the fall for the president and vice-president. He =referred a trial with immunity 
since they knew. Pence said Flynt lied =nd that itself was a lie. 
EFTA_R1_01877620 
EFTA02642727

If Trump and Pence were both to be kicked out of the =hite House, the next in line would be the Speaker of the House, 
Paul =yan. Steve Bannon <http://www.huffingtonpost.comitopicisteve-bannon> has described him as "a =imp-dick 
motherfucker who was born in a petri dish at the Heritage =oundation." It takes one to know one. Indeed, Bannon said 
he =anted to destroy Ryan. 
Hallelujah! 
2 
EFTA_R1_01877621 
EFTA02642728

