# EFTA00010184 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Nicole Simmon
- **To:** 'Nathan NYSD Chambers'
- **Sent:** Friday, November 12, 2021 8:55 PM
- **Subject:** [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Motn to Preclude Testimony of

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> r 12, 2021 8:55 PM To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' Cc: Jeff Pagliuca .; Laura Menninger Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Motn to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] Dear Judge Nathan: At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Response to the Government's Motion In Limine to Preclude Expert Testimony of Dr. Park Dietz and Dr. Elizabeth Loftus along with supporting documents. Pursuant to our established protocol, we are submitting the Motion and Exhibits to the Court under temporary seal to allow the government to pr

### Match 2
> From• SANYS)" To: USANYSI" Cc: Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Motn to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] Date: Sat, 13 Nov 2021 01:59:59 +0000 Attachments: 2021.11.12_Maxwell_Response_to_Gov_Motion_to_Exclude_Dietz_and_Loflus.pdf; Ex._1.pdf; Ex._2.pdf ['dine-Images: unage001.jpg ■— thought you would

### Match 3
> From• SANYS)" To: USANYSI" Cc: Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Motn to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] Date: Sat, 13 Nov 2021 01:59:59 +0000 Attachments: 2021.11.12_Maxwell_Response_to_Gov_Motion_to_Exclude_Dietz_and_Loflus.pdf; Ex._1.pdf; Ex._2.pdf ['dine-Images: unage001.jpg ■— thought you would want to review. thanks again for y

### Match 4
> ude_Dietz_and_Loflus.pdf; Ex._1.pdf; Ex._2.pdf ['dine-Images: unage001.jpg ■— thought you would want to review. thanks again for your help From: Nicole Simmon Sent: Friday, November 12, 2021 8:55 PM To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' Cc: Jeff Pagliuca .; Laura Menninger Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Motn to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] Dear Judge Nathan: At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Response to the Government's Motion In Limine to Preclude Expert Testimony of Dr. Park Dietz and Dr. Elizab

### Match 5
> ; Ex._2.pdf ['dine-Images: unage001.jpg ■— thought you would want to review. thanks again for your help From: Nicole Simmon Sent: Friday, November 12, 2021 8:55 PM To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' Cc: Jeff Pagliuca .; Laura Menninger Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Maxwell's Resp to Govs Motn to Preclude Testimony of Dietz and Loftus] Dear Judge Nathan: At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Response to the Government's Motion In Limine to Preclude Expert Testimony of Dr. Park Dietz and Dr. Elizabeth Loftus along with supporting doc
