# EFTA02415638

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, palace, royal, queen

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Fri Nov 05 14:53:03 2010|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[WORD]:** Hooper told me Colin Firth was going to show it to Prince Charles and the palace said NO... Tom Hooper told me the palace said they will never know if the royals every see the film...they said this on "The Queen" until it won all these awards... The Kings Speech is going to WIN THE OSCAR!!! Is Andrew still coming here? Can we entertain him with something else...oxo Peg — Original Message --- From: Je0'rey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Fri Nov 05 16:09:02 2010 Subject: Re: ill explain when i see you. , sorry On Fri, Nov 5, 2010 at 3:49 PM, Peggy Siegal What happen

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacationiagmail.comueeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Fri 11/5/2010 10:27:38 PM 
Subject: 
The King's Speech 
Title: The King's Speech 
Tom Hooper told me Colin Firth was going to show it to Prince Charles and the palace said NO... 
Tom Hooper told me the palace said they will never know if the royals every see the film...they said this on "The Queen" 
until it won all these awards... 
The Kings Speech is going to WIN THE OSCAR!!! 
Is Andrew still coming here? Can we entertain him with something else...oxo Peg 
— Original Message ---
From: Je0'rey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Fri Nov 05 16:09:02 2010 
Subject: Re: 
ill explain when i see you. , sorry 
On Fri, Nov 5, 2010 at 3:49 PM, Peggy Siegal 
What happened? Did the palace nix it? Please advise. 
— Original Message --
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Fri Nov 05 14:53:03 2010 
Kings speech will not worlc 
Sony for all the typos .Sent from my &hone 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged. may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the rue of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01479212 
EFTA02415638

