# EFTA00030084 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 10

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monday, March 15, 2021 3:01 PM
- **Subject:** RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: " To: Laura Mennin°er <Imenninoer(Ouinflaw.com>, " " (USANYS)" Cc: Jeff Pagliuca ccjpagliucaO)unflaw.com>, "Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com)" <ceverdellgcohengresser.com>, 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcstemheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Date: Mon, 15 Mar 2021 21:59:40 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.jpg Laura, I expect to be able to answer all of your questions about the evidence review by tomorrow. We have been looking into the discovery requ

### Match 2
> nger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com> Sent: Monday, March 15, 2021 3:01 PM To: 1 >; >; (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengressercom) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Now that the FBI team is back, when do you expect to have answers to all of the questions posed? If I had an idea of when you would have answers, it could help me answer your question. At a minimum, it would not

### Match 3
> Sent: Friday, March 12, 2021 11:44 AM To: Laura Menninger <Imen ninge hmflaw.com>; (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca ipagliucaPhmflaw.com>: Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; 'BONI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes II Counsel, The FBI team on this case has been out of the office this week and will not be able to answer all of the questions you asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Pl

### Match 4
> t: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 4:56 PM c M>; To: Laura Menninger <Imenninge hmflaw.com>: (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca ipagliucaPhmflaw.com>: Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresseccom>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (A1N) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes That is the only excel spreadsheet indexing physical evidence that we have produced in discovery. That spreadsheet does not include every physical item currently in the FBI's custody related to this case. For exa

### Match 5
> nninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 3:44 PM To: ) ) <a; (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Thank you. Is that the only index of physical evidence available? Laura A. Menninger I Partner Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 +1 303 831 7364 (Office) Imenninger@hmflaw.c

### Match 6
> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 1:38 PM To: Laura Menninger <ImenningeShmflaw.com>: (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>: Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Counsel, In advance of our call tomorrow, I wanted to send a copy of the attached index of physical items in FBI custody from the FBI-Miami office, which we previously produced to you as part of our August 21, 2

### Match 7
> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 2:03 PM To: 'Laura Menninger' <Imenningejhmflaw.com>. (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Yes, that works for us, thank you very much. We can use the below dial-in: Dial-in: Code: Best, From: Laura Menninger <Imenningej@hmflaw.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 11:19 AM To: ) 4: >; <->. (USANYS)

### Match 8
> nningej@hmflaw.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 11:19 AM To: ) 4: >; <->. (USANYS)< > Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell(a)cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Good morning, We are free at 1:30 p.m. ET / 11:30 a.m. MST tomorrow. Would that work? We are generally free thereafter, so please suggest another later time if not. Thank you, Laura Laura A. Menninger I Partn

### Match 9
> ch 9, 2021 8:36 AM To: Laura Menninger <Imenninge hmflaw.com>• cz > EFTA00030087 (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Good morning, It would be helpful to have a call to discuss the requests contained in this letter. Are there times tomorrow when you would be available to speak, please? Thank you, Assistant United States Atto

### Match 10
> Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com> Sent: Monday, March 8, 20212:03 PM To: <-v, (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Counsel — Please see attached correspondence. -Laura Laura A. Menninger Haddon, Morgan and Foreman, P.C. 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 Main 303.831.7364 FX 303.832.2628 Imenninger@hmflaw.com
