# EFTA00032001 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, June 10, 20218:56 AM
- **Subject:** Fwd: Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: (USANYS) [Contractor)" <=l Cc: a" ' (USANYS) (USANYS) [Contractor]" (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Thu, 10 Jun 2021 18:33:19 +0000 Attachments: 2021.06.10_MDC_-_Maxwell_PASSWORD.pdf; 2021.06.10_MDC_-_Maxwell_MAIN.pdf Hi all — the disc is burned and ready to be sent out to MDC. Cover letters are attached and saved here. Thanks so much! From: Sent: Thursday, June 10, 20218:56 AM To: (

### Match 2
> ll_PASSWORD.pdf; 2021.06.10_MDC_-_Maxwell_MAIN.pdf Hi all — the disc is burned and ready to be sent out to MDC. Cover letters are attached and saved here. Thanks so much! From: Sent: Thursday, June 10, 20218:56 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < :.; (USANYS) [Contractor] .ct : Cc: Subject: Fwd: Maxwell Hi all, (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS).ca Please see below. Would one of you please prepare a new CD with a copy of this production dated 5/21/21 and send it to the MDC for Maxwell? Thanks, Maurene Begin forwarded message: From: Date: June 10, 2021 at 8:03:03 AM EDT To: " (USANYS)" Cc:

### Match 3
> Thursday, June 10, 20218:56 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < :.; (USANYS) [Contractor] .ct : Cc: Subject: Fwd: Maxwell Hi all, (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS).ca Please see below. Would one of you please prepare a new CD with a copy of this production dated 5/21/21 and send it to the MDC for Maxwell? Thanks, Maurene Begin forwarded message: From: Date: June 10, 2021 at 8:03:03 AM EDT To: " (USANYS)" Cc: " Subject: Maxwell Good morning all, Inmate Maxwell stated that the discovery disc sent over that is dated 5/21/21 does not work. Our computer services manager looked into the compl

### Match 4
> SANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS).ca Please see below. Would one of you please prepare a new CD with a copy of this production dated 5/21/21 and send it to the MDC for Maxwell? Thanks, Maurene Begin forwarded message: From: Date: June 10, 2021 at 8:03:03 AM EDT To: " (USANYS)" Cc: " Subject: Maxwell Good morning all, Inmate Maxwell stated that the discovery disc sent over that is dated 5/21/21 does not work. Our computer services manager looked into the complaints she made, and discovered the disc has a scratch on it. Can you please mail a new one? Sorry for the hassle! Sophia x4744 EF

### Match 5
> lease see below. Would one of you please prepare a new CD with a copy of this production dated 5/21/21 and send it to the MDC for Maxwell? Thanks, Maurene Begin forwarded message: From: Date: June 10, 2021 at 8:03:03 AM EDT To: " (USANYS)" Cc: " Subject: Maxwell Good morning all, Inmate Maxwell stated that the discovery disc sent over that is dated 5/21/21 does not work. Our computer services manager looked into the complaints she made, and discovered the disc has a scratch on it. Can you please mail a new one? Sorry for the hassle! Sophia x4744 EFTA00032001
