# EFTA00009831 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Ghislaine Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM To: Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Tue, 13 Apr 2021 23:37:33 +0000 Good evening- Might you have any sway in persuading the Marshal permit Ms. Maxwell to have her legal materials while in the cell block? She arrived today at — 5:15 am and remained idle in the cell block until — 8:30 am when she was brought to the fifth flo

### Match 2
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM To: Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Tue, 13 Apr 2021 23:37:33 +0000 Good evening- Might you have any sway in persuading the Marshal permit Ms. Maxwell to have her legal materials while in the cell block? She arrived today at — 5:15 am and remained idle in the cell block until — 8:30 am when she was brought to the f

### Match 3
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM To: Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Tue, 13 Apr 2021 23:37:33 +0000 Good evening- Might you have any sway in persuading the Marshal permit Ms. Maxwell to have her legal materials while in the cell block? She arrived today at — 5:15 am and remained idle in the cell block until — 8:30 am when she was brought to the fifth floor. Otherwise, any opposition to me contacting the Court for an order (per the Marshal)? Enjoy the evening. See you tomo
