# EFTA00023699 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Weinstein, Marc A.
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, September 30, 2020 12:03 PM
- **Subject:** RE: SDNY investigation

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> . The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If ventication is required please request a hard-copy version. From: Sent: Monday, September 14, 2020 3:01 PM To: Weinstein, Marc A. Cc: Andrew Tomback c= > Subject: RE: SDNY investigation CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm. Hi Marc, Thanks — we have conferred with plaintiff's counsel, who has informed us that he is unaware of any protective order relating to the lawsuit. Best, Assistant United States Atto

### Match 2
> arc, Thanks — we have conferred with plaintiff's counsel, who has informed us that he is unaware of any protective order relating to the lawsuit. Best, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York From: Weinstein, Marc A. Sent: Monday, September 14, 2020 12:07 PM To: Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: Re: SDNY investigation M, we are still looking to see what confidentiality restrictions might apply. If her lawyer has any such confidentiality or protective order that governed the case, it might be helpful if you could obtain and share that. Marc A. Weinstein I Partner Chai

### Match 3
> s. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which uric as a result of ellen! transmission. If ValliCillO11 is required please request a hard-copy version. From: Sent: Friday, September 11, 2020 1:30 PM To: Weinstein, Marc A. Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: SDNY investigation CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm. EFTA00023702 Marc, Thanks for speaking earlier. The plaintiff's name is who is represented by Jack Scarola. The deposition took place in 2009, and Jeffrey Epstein was represented by Mark Lutt

### Match 4
> ce in 2009, and Jeffrey Epstein was represented by Mark Luttier and Bob Critton of Critton, Luttier, and Coleman LLP in West Palm Beach. Thanks very much, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York From: Weinstein, Marc A. Sent: Friday, September 11, 202011:11 AM To: Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: SONY investigation I just realized that you didn't share with us the deponent's name for the transcript you are looking for. Let us know so that we can make the appropriate inquiries. Best regards, Marc Marc A. Weinstein I Partner Chair, White Collar Defense Hughes Hubb
