# EFTA00032792 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** Brad Edwards <a
- **Sent:** Thursday, April 8, 2021 1:19 PM
- **Subject:** United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' < To: Brad Edwards c, Brittany Henderson < Cc: ' " < >, ' (USANYS)" Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Mon, 19 Apr 2021 16:29:33 +0000 Attachments: 2021.04.19_Scheduling_Orderpdf Brad and Brittany, As an update regarding Friday's conference, I'm attaching a scheduling order with additional information. Could you please let us know by tomorrow whether your client plans to attend, and if so

### Match 2
> information. Could you please let us know by tomorrow whether your client plans to attend, and if so, whether she intends to attend in person or by phone? Thanks, From: Sent: Thursday, April 8, 2021 1:19 PM To: Brad Edwards <a Brittany Henderson < > Cc: (USANYS) Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell Hi Brad and Brittany, We wanted to let you know that there are two upcoming court appearances in this case: • Judge Nathan has scheduled an in-person arraignment for April 23rd, at 2:30 p.m., in courtroom 24B at 500 Pearl Street. The Court has issued an order noting that further information abo

### Match 3
> From: ' < To: Brad Edwards c, Brittany Henderson < Cc: ' " < >, ' (USANYS)" Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Mon, 19 Apr 2021 16:29:33 +0000 Attachments: 2021.04.19_Scheduling_Orderpdf Brad and Brittany, As an update regarding Friday's conference, I'm attaching a scheduling order with additional information. Could you please let us know by tomorrow whether your client plans to attend, a

### Match 4
> information. Could you please let us know by tomorrow whether your client plans to attend, and if so, whether she intends to attend in person or by phone? Thanks, From: Sent: Thursday, April 8, 2021 1:19 PM To: Brad Edwards <a Brittany Henderson < > Cc: (USANYS) Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell Hi Brad and Brittany, We wanted to let you know that there are two upcoming court appearances in this case: • Judge Nathan has scheduled an in-person arraignment for April 23rd, at 2:30 p.m., in courtroom 24B at 500 Pearl Street. The Court has issued an order noting that further informa
