# EFTA02404977

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: hillary, bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** 31, 2017 11:22 AM To: jeffrey E. Cc: Leon Black Subject: Accounting presentations We are indeed looking at 5 different products. Have narrowed it down to 2. =We are thinking about it the same way you are. We have hired Tania Nield, a family office IT consultant (most famous for s=tting up Hillary Clinton's home office servers). In addition to simply automating presentations, a key focus for us is integ=ating into a database. If we pay a bill for landscaping in Bedford or make=a trust's capital contribution for an investment, we need that to both sho= up both on financial statements and be appr

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Barry J. Cohen 
Sent: 
Thursday, August 31, 2017 11:22 AM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Cc: 
Leon Black 
Subject: 
Accounting presentations 
We are indeed looking at 5 different products. Have narrowed it down to 2. =We are thinking about it the same way you 
are. 
We have hired Tania Nield, a family office IT consultant (most famous for s=tting up Hillary Clinton's home office 
servers). 
In addition to simply automating presentations, a key focus for us is integ=ating into a database. If we pay a bill for 
landscaping in Bedford or make=a trust's capital contribution for an investment, we need that to both sho= up both on 
financial statements and be appropriately tagged in a database=for future retrieval and slicing/dicing type analyses. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 31, 2017, at 7:12 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com» wrote: 
ask for 5 diffferent versions. there are many wealth programs. . best =f class should be easy for them.. they need to 
be useful, as they on=y for internal use. separate from gaming and bank. . especially trust =resentations 
On Thu, Aug 31, 2017 at 7:03 AM, Barry J. Cohen 
wrote: 
We are working with a consultant to upgrade our accounting system, which is=currently Quickbooks. So we are seeing a 
wide variety. 
Our approach is mostly the following: "We like our presentations. How can =e automate them?" 
I think you are saying the same thing on the second point. Are you also say=ng that you think the presentation formats 
can be improved? If so, it wou=d be helpful to know which ones, so we can get examples of alternative sty=es. We have 
numerous formats for various types of reports. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 31, 2017, at 6:39 AM, jeffrey E. 
<jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevaration@gmail.com><mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c 
om=» wrote: 
can you ask for sample family office presentations . you should look at=5 different types. . assets. cash flow. etc. 
estate . lets see =f it can get computerized 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
EFTA_R1_01445108 
EFTA02404977

jeevacation@gmail.com<mailtoieevacation@gmai=.com><mailtojeevacation@gmailcom<mailtoleevacation@gmail.c 
om», and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended =olely for the person or entity to whom they 
are addressed and may contain =onfidential and/or privileged material. Any review, retransmission, dissem=nation or 
other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this info=mation by persons or entities other than the intended 
recipient is prohibi=ed. If you have received this email in error please contact the sender and=delete the material from 
any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmai=.com>, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and 
intended =olely for the person or entity to whom they are addressed and may contain =onfidential and/or privileged 
material. Any review, retransmission, dissem=nation or other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this 
info=mation by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibi=ed. If you have received this email in 
error please contact the sender and=delete the material from any computer. Apollo Global Management, LLC 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD KIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"› 
<plist version=.0"> 
alict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1504178505</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195717</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>18</integer> 
<integer>5</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>745177</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01445109 
EFTA02404978

