# EFTA00038592 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, December 9, 2020 12:57 PM
- **Subject:** Re: Maxwell Finances

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - Re: Maxwell Finances Date: Wed, 09 Dec 2020 18:30:48 +0000 Importance: Normal Attachments: Cohen_and_Gresser Page_9_Schedule_Analysis_12-9-2020.pdf Please refer to this spreadsheet that recreated for the phone call. Detective NYPD FBI Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force Office: Cell: Fax

### Match 2
> Cohen_and_Gresser Page_9_Schedule_Analysis_12-9-2020.pdf Please refer to this spreadsheet that recreated for the phone call. Detective NYPD FBI Child Exploitation Human Trafficking Task Force Office: Cell: Fax: From: • Sent: Wednesday, December 9, 2020 12:57 PM To: Cc: > Subject: Re: Maxwell Finances 2 is good for all of us yes. On Dec 9, 2020, at 12:44, Hey M, All of us are free at 2pm. Would that work for =? If so, we can use the below dial-in: Dial-in: Code: 707522 Thanks, On Dec 9, 2020, at 12:37 PM, Works for me, thanks. > wrote: > wrote: EFTA00038592 From: Sent: We

### Match 3
> 12:44, Hey M, All of us are free at 2pm. Would that work for =? If so, we can use the below dial-in: Dial-in: Code: 707522 Thanks, On Dec 9, 2020, at 12:37 PM, Works for me, thanks. > wrote: > wrote: EFTA00038592 From: Sent: Wednesday, December 09, 2020 12:32 PM To: Cc: Subject: Re: Maxwell Finances Thanks very much, MI. I'm available for the next hour. IMI? I can circulate a dial-in if so. On Dec 9, 2020, at 12:16 PM, Hey guys, , you want to jump on a call with > wrote: We spoke with briefly this morning about his review of the recent bail submission and he would like to set
