# EFTA02684877

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, October 30, 2010 10:00 PM To: Al seckel here is a current list of funding projects.. please remove ylk, from chari=y page. clinton foundation. The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying=of this communication or any pa

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, October 30, 2010 10:00 PM 
To: 
Al seckel 
here is a current list of funding projects.. please remove ylk, from chari=y page. clinton foundation. 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying=of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unla=ful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us=immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. 
1 
EFTA_R1_02007618 
EFTA02684877

