# EFTA02513978

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** stories have been published about me . It seems that each week passes the allegations become ever more extreme and to date the press have failed to hold and her advisors to account and I call upon them to do so. I ask that they take=the necessary steps to verify her credibility, Her dinner with=bill Clinton and myself. storied in minute detail, is easily shown to be a=total 100percent fabrication , highlighting both the oulandish accussation= and its simple refutation. =span style="font-size:llpt" lang="EN-GB"> =C2 please note The information contained in t=is communication is confidential, ma

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, January 9, 2015 8:26 PM 
To: 
Gmax 
Subject: 
more like this if you must. 
I will now report this matter=20 to the press regulator as numerous offensive and untrue stories have been published 
about me . It seems that each week passes the allegations become ever more extreme and to date the press have failed 
to hold 
and her advisors to account and I call upon them to do so. I ask that they take=the necessary 
steps to verify her credibility, Her dinner with=bill Clinton and myself. storied in minute detail, is easily shown to be 
a=total 100percent fabrication , highlighting both the oulandish accussation= and its simple refutation. 
=span style="font-size:llpt" lang="EN-GB"> 
=C2 
please note 
The information contained in t=is communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, ma= constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of =he addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure=or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohib=ted and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in =rror, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.c=m, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, includ=ng all attachments. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
--089e01493caa6feb2b050c3df76a-- conversation-id 128608 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1420835167 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 471667 
1 
EFTA_R1_01647328 
EFTA02513978

