# EFTA00030912 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 9

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, January 29, 2021 4:34 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Discovery Requests

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> in each subpoena. EFTA00030916 There is one other issue we'd like to raise. An article in the Daily Beast on Monday referenced the search warrant affidavit for the cell-site simulator used to track Ms. Maxwell's cellphone before her arrest (https://www.thedailybeast.com/how- the-fbi-tracked-down-ghislaine-maxwell-alleged-madam-of-jeffrey-epstein). The article stated that the affidavit appeared in a "newly unsealed court filing." I don't recall this affidavit being unsealed or referenced in anything that was filed on the court docket. Please confirm whether or not the government unsealed this affid

### Match 2
> out the remaining issues you identified in point 6. Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York From: Sent: Sunday, January 17, 2021 10:05 PM To:' (U I>; Subject: RE: Discovery Requests Chris, Below please find our responses. 1. As we have recently discussed, Ms. Maxwell now has access to the 4TB drive containing a full set of the discovery produced to date. It took a significant amount of time to create this copy due to the volume of discovery and delays on the part of our vendor, who assisted in creating the copy. 2. As we have recently discussed, Ms. Maxwell

### Match 3
> Ms. Maxwell now has access to the 4TB drive containing a full set of the discovery produced to date. It took a significant amount of time to create this copy due to the volume of discovery and delays on the part of our vendor, who assisted in creating the copy. 2. As we have recently discussed, Ms. Maxwell now has a drive containing the contents of the CD produced on November 18, 2020. 3. As I conveyed to you over the phone and in a recent email, the materials produced from the Subject Devices all contain metadata indicating the "NYC" CART Evidence Number of the device from which each document wa

### Match 4
> y important for Ms. Maxwell to have this drive as soon as possible to prepare her defense. Do you have an update on when the drive will be ready? 2. We also informed you that the CD produced on November 18, 2020 did not work on the prison computer at the MDC (as you know, the laptop provided to Ms. Maxwell does not have a CD drive). Accordingly, we asked you to include the material on the CD in the new 4TB hard drive. We followed-up with you about this issue on December 30, 2020. Given that the new hard drive is still not ready, we ask that you download the material on the CD onto a separate thumb

### Match 5
> ude the material on the CD in the new 4TB hard drive. We followed-up with you about this issue on December 30, 2020. Given that the new hard drive is still not ready, we ask that you download the material on the CD onto a separate thumb drive or hard drive and provide it as quickly as possible to Ms. Maxwell at the MDC so that she can review the materials this weekend. Alternatively, you can provide an external CD drive to Ms. Maxwell at the MDC so that she can read the files on the MDC computer. We will provide whatever media device you require to facilitate this production. 3. Unlike the November

### Match 6
> he new hard drive is still not ready, we ask that you download the material on the CD onto a separate thumb drive or hard drive and provide it as quickly as possible to Ms. Maxwell at the MDC so that she can review the materials this weekend. Alternatively, you can provide an external CD drive to Ms. Maxwell at the MDC so that she can read the files on the MDC computer. We will provide whatever media device you require to facilitate this production. 3. Unlike the November 9, 2020 discovery cover letter, the November 18, 2020 discovery cover letter (attached) does not correlate the Bates numbers to

### Match 7
> d by the government in this case. Also, please identify the date range of documents you requested in each subpoena. EFTA00030916 There is one other issue we'd like to raise. An article in the Daily Beast on Monday referenced the search warrant affidavit for the cell-site simulator used to track Ms. Maxwell's cellphone before her arrest (https://www.thedailybeast.com/how- the-fbi-tracked-down-ghislaine-maxwell-alleged-madam-of-jeffrey-epstein). The article stated that the affidavit appeared in a "newly unsealed court filing." I don't recall this affidavit being unsealed or referenced in anything that

### Match 8
> m again through their FTP link as they total about 15GB, if not more. Thanks, From: Sent: Friday, January 29, 2021 4:09 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] e; (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) < Subject: FW: Discovery Requests i ME and =, Please see below. Would you please use the link to send Maxwell's counsel a copy of everything you prepared in response to point 6 of their earlier email? And would you also please take a look at the bates ranges in their most recent email (below) and let me know (a) if we already produced them, and (b) whether you can re-produce them using the FTP link? Tha

### Match 9
> us know your position on these issues at your earliest convenience. 1. In our email correspondence on 11/18/2020, you agreed to create a new hard drive containing the entire discovery production. We provided you with a 4T8 hard drive for that purpose on 11/20/2020. It is very important for Ms. Maxwell to have this drive as soon as possible to prepare her defense. Do you have an update on when the drive will be ready? 2. We also informed you that the CD produced on November 18, 2020 did not work on the prison computer at the MDC (as you know, the laptop provided to Ms. Maxwell does not have a
