# EFTA02428038

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|jeanluc|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: <no subject>|

---

**[FULL]:** hat happened On Thu, Apr 1, 2010 at 7:46 PM, 'canine wrote: Dear Sir, Thank you for your quick answer to Jeffrey. Unfortunately, I have to postpone my trip to Dubai. I hope that the unexpected and late changes in my planning will not affect your real estate GM's schedule. Yours faithfully Jean Luc Brunel The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein EFTA_R1_0 1497370 EFTA02428038 Unauthorized use, disclosure or copy

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.comj 
From: 
jeanluc 
Sent 
Fri 4/2/2010 12:40:35 AM 
Subject: Re: <no subject> 
It is Easter week end 
Kate Moss has a party tomorrow. But the truth is that I didn't feel to go alone and unprepared to 
Dubai for first visit 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 1 A r 2010 20:09:53 -0400 
To: jeanluc 
Subject: Re: <no subject> 
what happened 
On Thu, Apr 1, 2010 at 7:46 PM, 'canine 
wrote: 
Dear Sir, 
Thank you for your quick answer to Jeffrey. 
Unfortunately, I have to postpone my trip to Dubai. 
I hope that the unexpected and late changes in my planning 
will not 
affect your real estate GM's schedule. 
Yours faithfully 
Jean Luc Brunel 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_0 1497370 
EFTA02428038

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationQgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01497371 
EFTA02428039

