# EFTA00020881 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, September 29 2020 3:40 PM
- **Subject:** RE: SDNY investigation

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version. From: Sent: Monday, September 14, 2020 3:01 PM To: Weinstein, Marc A. Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: SDNY investigation CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm. Hi Marc, Thanks — we have conferred with plaintiff's counsel, who has informed us that he is unaware of any protective order relating to th- lawsuit. Best, EFTA00020883 Assistant United Sta

### Match 2
> omplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version. From: Sent: Friday, September 11, 20201:30 PM To: Weinstein, Marc A Cc: Andrew Tomback < EFTA00020885 Subject: RE: SONY investigation CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm. Marc, Thanks for speaking earlier. The plaintiff's name is who is represented by Jack Scarola. The deposition took place in 2009, and Jeffrey Epstein was represented by Mark Lu

### Match 3
> ed by Mark Luttier and Bob Critton of Critton, Luttier, and Coleman LLP in West Palm Beach. Thanks very much, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York. NY 10007 From: Weinstein, Marc A. > Sent: Frida Se tember 11 202011:11 AM To Cc: Andrew Tomback > Subject: RE: SDNY investigation I just realized that you didn't share with us the deponent's name for the transcript you are looking for. Let us know so that we can make the appropriate inquiries. Best regards, Marc Marc A. Weinstein I Partner Chair, Valle Collar Defense This mes
