# EFTA02460337

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Monday, June 6, 2016 4:00 AM To: MICHAEL BUCHHOLTZ Cc: jeevacation@gmail.com Subject: Re: Michael S Buchholtz/Emily Hi Michael, I will make sure to tell the people at Ruttenberg to consider her for the in=person interview round!! Please tell George I say hi and that I miss him!!!

**[WORD]:** know she will be a true asset to their program and the patie=ts and staff will love her. • I hope all is well with you and your family. George Raptis sin=s your praises and has told me a bit about all the great things you have do=e for breast cancer patients and Mount Sinai and the outstanding Dubin Cent=r. I'm confident you must feel very gratified and proud with what you have a=hieved. I would love to catch up with you and hear what you are doing; even=a brief phone call when you have the chance. • I will have Emily's C.V. sent under separate cover. Thanks in a=vance for your considerati

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Monday, June 6, 2016 4:00 AM 
To: 
MICHAEL BUCHHOLTZ 
Cc: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Re: Michael S Buchholtz/Emily 
Hi Michael, 
I will make sure to tell the people at Ruttenberg to consider her for the in=person interview round!! 
Please tell George I say hi and that I miss him!!! 
Let's catch up! 
Best Eva 
Sent from my iPhone 
> On Jun 5, 2016, at 11:11 PM, MICHAEL BUCHHOLTZ 
wr=te: 
> Dear Eva 
• 
It's Michael Buchholtz; I got your email address from Jeffrey. 
> As you may know I work for Northwell Health; I'm Chief of Hematology/Oncol=gy at Huntington Hospital and Medical 
Director of the (outpatient) Cancer I=stitute at Huntington. All is well. 
• 
My daughter Emily Buchholtz is a certified Dietitian/Nutritionist=who has applied for the position of outpatient 
Nutritionist at the Ruttenbe=g Cancer Center. She had the first round telephone screening interview on T=ursday and I 
think it went well. I'm sure its a very competitive position a=d I was hoping you might be able to put in a good word for 
the next round o= "in person" interviews which will probably be this next week. 
• 
Obviously I'm prejudiced but Emily is an outstanding candidate. H=r education /training is excellent. Her BS is 
from Indiana University whic= has a high quality Nutrition Department ( and nationally recognized Medica= School) ;and 
then her internship at North Shore-LIJ Medical Centers. She d=d a rotation at Lenox Hill during the internship and 
immediately upon gradu=tion they asked her to fill in when one of their dietitians went out on s=ck leave. After several 
months there the senior dietitian returned and the L=nox Hills director helped Emily go straight into SUNY Downstate, 
another NY=academic center ,where she currently is employed. 
• 
Emily is a very hard working, responsible young woman who gets a=ong great with co-workers and patients. She 
has a wonderful personality and=excellent "social skills". She and 2 other friends have recently developed a= outpatient 
consulting program (TheWellNecessities.com) and Emily has done c=nsults with cancer patients from my practice ; all 
have been very pleased.=20 
• 
The position at Ruttenberg sounds very exciting; Emily has a gr=at interest in oncology and she would be thrilled 
to work at such a world c=ass program. I know she will be a true asset to their program and the patie=ts and staff will 
love her. 
• 
I hope all is well with you and your family. George Raptis sin=s your praises and has told me a bit about all the 
great things you have do=e for breast cancer patients and Mount Sinai and the outstanding Dubin Cent=r. I'm confident 
you must feel very gratified and proud with what you have a=hieved. I would love to catch up with you and hear what 
you are doing; even=a brief phone call when you have the chance. 
• 
I will have Emily's C.V. sent under separate cover. Thanks in a=vance for your consideration or any thoughts you 
may have. 
• 
With all my best wishes 
Michael 
mbuchhol@optonline.ne= 
• 
Contact at Mount Sinai Samantha Gallo, MS,RD,CDN,CDE 
Clinical Nutrition Super=isor, Mount Sinai Hospital 
EFTA_R1_01565868 
EFTA02460337

<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>78354</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1465185605</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>618344</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01565869 
EFTA02460338

