# EFTA02415791

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jean Luc Brunel [|
|To|Masha_Manyuk|
|Sent|Friday, October 22, 2010 5:38 PM|
|Subject|RE: LINEA 12 UKRAINE /|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.com] From: IIINIMINMINIMM Sent: Thur 10/28/2010 7:02:54 PM Subject: Fwd: LINEA 12 UKRAINE / I (NY schedule + representation contract) Sent from my iPhonc Begin forwarded message: From: "Masha_Manyuk Date: October 28, 2010 9:10:40 AM EDT To: "'Jean Luc Brunel'" Cc: Subject: RE: LINEA 12 UKRAINE / contract) (NY schedule + representation Dear Jean-Luc, hello! So, MI is return to Ukraine. Now w need to plan her January — March schedule. I understand that I will get an invitation letter before the X-Mass. But what is the best time for her arrival?

**[FULL]:** r January — March schedule. I understand that I will get an invitation letter before the X-Mass. But what is the best time for her arrival? Beginning or the end of February? Also, please, give me contact person who I may ask to send me the representation contract. Thanks! Masha Manyuk From: Jean Luc Brunel [ Sent: Friday, October 22, 2010 5:38 PM To: Masha_Manyuk Subject: Re: LINEA 12 UKRAINE / Boyko Alina - NY promotion Importance: High Hi Masha I will try to see her again beginning of the week, but we could have come on invitation letter before X'Mas Thank you On 10/21/10 4:56 AM, "Masha M

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epstein[jeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
IIINIMINMINIMM 
Sent: 
Thur 10/28/2010 7:02:54 PM 
Subject: Fwd: LINEA 12 UKRAINE / I 
(NY schedule + representation contract) 
Sent from my iPhonc 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Masha_Manyuk 
Date: October 28, 2010 9:10:40 AM EDT 
To: "'Jean Luc Brunel'" 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: LINEA 12 UKRAINE / 
contract) 
(NY schedule + representation 
Dear Jean-Luc, hello! 
So, MI is return to Ukraine. 
Now w need to plan her January — March schedule. 
I understand that I will get an invitation letter before the X-Mass. 
But what is the best time for her arrival? 
Beginning or the end of February? 
Also, please, give me contact person who I may ask to send me the representation 
contract. 
Thanks! 
Masha Manyuk 
From: Jean Luc Brunel [ 
Sent: Friday, October 22, 2010 5:38 PM 
To: Masha_Manyuk 
Subject: Re: LINEA 12 UKRAINE / Boyko Alina - NY promotion 
Importance: High 
Hi Masha 
I will try to see her again beginning of the week, but we 
could have come on invitation letter before X'Mas 
Thank you 
On 10/21/10 4:56 AM, "Masha Manyuk" 
wrote: 
Dear Jean-Luc, hello! 
No, I didn't receive anything from you. 
What time is her best arrive to NY? For how long? 
Please, let me know. 
EFTA_R1_01479425 
EFTA02415791

Thanks,
Masha Manyuk 
From: 
Sent: ThursdayMIMIMMM 
To: Masha_Manyuk 
Subject: 
Hi Masha 
I have sent you an email about 
that I have met in 
Paris 
If you agree, she could come to the States on an invitation 
letter and we will see how it works out for her. 
Let me know, I think it will be a good opportunity for 
Alina. 
I will try to call you tomorrow. If I cannot reach you, you 
can email back to me and will start to work on it right 
away. 
How is the Photo Gallery doing? 
Hugs 
Jean luc 
EFTA_R1_01479426 
EFTA02415792

