# EFTA02250418

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Eva taking own plane to sweden-She will not go to Paris anymore|

---

**[FULL]:** ote, my email address has changed On Jul 2, 2018, at 10:43 AM, Lesley Groff wrote: Oh wow! Well That's the best solution of all! Ok thanks and safe travels. Will you still stay at Jeffreys Paris apartment? Would you like Valdson to pick you up? Sent from my iPhone On Jul 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin Thank you! I am taking our plane•••• Please note, my email address has changed On Jul 2, 2018, at 9:27 AM, Lesley Groff Thanks, Lesley wrote: wrote: Good morning! Happy to purchase your flights once you are ready. Just email me the flight #, day and time... EFTA_R1_01035676 EFTA02250418

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jefffrey Epsteinheevacation@gmaiLcom) 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Mon 7/2/2018 3:33:53 PM 
Subject: Eva taking own plane to sweden-She will not go to Paris anymore 
I will fly straight to Sweden 
Thank you though!! 
Please note, my email address has changed 
On Jul 2, 2018, at 10:43 AM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Oh wow! Well That's the best solution of all! Ok thanks and safe travels. Will 
you still stay at Jeffreys Paris apartment? Would you like Valdson to pick you up? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin 
Thank you! 
I am taking our plane•••• 
Please note, my email address has changed 
On Jul 2, 2018, at 9:27 AM, Lesley Groff 
Thanks, Lesley 
wrote: 
wrote: 
Good morning! Happy to purchase your flights once you 
are ready. Just email me the flight #, day and time... 
EFTA_R1_01035676 
EFTA02250418

