# EFTA00030069 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 11

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, March 9, 2021 2:01 PM
- **Subject:** RE: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Objections to Gov't Proposed Redactions in Omnibus Response

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: )" To: a(USANYS)” Cc: (USANYS)" Subject: RE: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Objections to Gov't Proposed Redactions in Omnibus Response Date: Tue, 09 Mar 2021 19:56:11 +0000 Attachments: PROPOSED_REDACT1ONS - 2021.02.26 Government Omnibus_Opposition to Maxwell Defense Motions FINAL.pd >, Attached. From: (USANYS) c Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021

### Match 2
> esponse Date: Tue, 09 Mar 2021 19:56:11 +0000 Attachments: PROPOSED_REDACT1ONS - 2021.02.26 Government Omnibus_Opposition to Maxwell Defense Motions FINAL.pd >, Attached. From: (USANYS) c Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 2:54 PM To: >; USANYS) Cc: ) < ).; (USANYS) < Subject: RE: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Objections to Gov't Proposed Redactions in Omnibus Response Thanks. When you can would you mind sending us our proposed redactions to pages 1-128? From: Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 2:01 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: < )'; cza ) (USANYS)< Subject: FW: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell,

### Match 3
> Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Objections to Gov't Proposed Redactions in Omnibus Response Thanks. When you can would you mind sending us our proposed redactions to pages 1-128? From: Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 2:01 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: < )'; cza ) (USANYS)< Subject: FW: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Objections to Gov't Proposed Redactions in Omnibus Response FYI From: Laura Menninger <ImenningerPhmflaw.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 1:08 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) >; >, I I c ; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' ; Jeff Pagliuca Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP Subject:

### Match 4
> 330 (AJN) -- Objections to Gov't Proposed Redactions in Omnibus Response FYI From: Laura Menninger <ImenningerPhmflaw.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 1:08 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) >; >, I I c ; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' ; Jeff Pagliuca Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Objections to Gov't Proposed Redactions in Omnibus Response Dear Judge Nathan — Pursuant to Rule 2(B) of the Court's individual rules, attached is a letter setting forth Ms. Maxwell's objections to the redactions proposed by the government to their Omnibus Response and Exhib

### Match 5
> From: )" To: a(USANYS)” Cc: (USANYS)" Subject: RE: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Objections to Gov't Proposed Redactions in Omnibus Response Date: Tue, 09 Mar 2021 19:56:11 +0000 Attachments: PROPOSED_REDACT1ONS - 2021.02.26 Government Omnibus_Opposition to Maxwell Defense Motions FINAL.pd >, Attached. From: (USANYS) c Sent: Tuesday, March

### Match 6
> esponse Date: Tue, 09 Mar 2021 19:56:11 +0000 Attachments: PROPOSED_REDACT1ONS - 2021.02.26 Government Omnibus_Opposition to Maxwell Defense Motions FINAL.pd >, Attached. From: (USANYS) c Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 2:54 PM To: >; USANYS) Cc: ) < ).; (USANYS) < Subject: RE: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Objections to Gov't Proposed Redactions in Omnibus Response Thanks. When you can would you mind sending us our proposed redactions to pages 1-128? From: Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 2:01 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: < )'; cza ) (USANYS)< Subject: FW: U.S. v. Ghislaine

### Match 7
> Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Objections to Gov't Proposed Redactions in Omnibus Response Thanks. When you can would you mind sending us our proposed redactions to pages 1-128? From: Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 2:01 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: < )'; cza ) (USANYS)< Subject: FW: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Objections to Gov't Proposed Redactions in Omnibus Response FYI From: Laura Menninger <ImenningerPhmflaw.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 1:08 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) >; >, I I c ; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' ; Jeff Pagliuca Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP

### Match 8
> 330 (AJN) -- Objections to Gov't Proposed Redactions in Omnibus Response FYI From: Laura Menninger <ImenningerPhmflaw.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 1:08 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) >; >, I I c ; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' ; Jeff Pagliuca Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Objections to Gov't Proposed Redactions in Omnibus Response Dear Judge Nathan — Pursuant to Rule 2(B) of the Court's individual rules, attached is a letter setting forth Ms. Maxwell's objections to the redactions proposed by the government to their Omnibus Response a

### Match 9
> TERNHEIM' ; Jeff Pagliuca Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP Subject: U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) -- Objections to Gov't Proposed Redactions in Omnibus Response Dear Judge Nathan — Pursuant to Rule 2(B) of the Court's individual rules, attached is a letter setting forth Ms. Maxwell's objections to the redactions proposed by the government to their Omnibus Response and Exhibit 5. Also attached are exhibits setting forth Ms. Maxwell's proposed redactions. Best regards, Laura A. Menninger EFTA00030069 Laura A. Menninger I Partner Haddon, Mor an & Foreman, P.C. Denver, CO

### Match 10
> ed Redactions in Omnibus Response Dear Judge Nathan — Pursuant to Rule 2(B) of the Court's individual rules, attached is a letter setting forth Ms. Maxwell's objections to the redactions proposed by the government to their Omnibus Response and Exhibit 5. Also attached are exhibits setting forth Ms. Maxwell's proposed redactions. Best regards, Laura A. Menninger EFTA00030069 Laura A. Menninger I Partner Haddon, Mor an & Foreman, P.C. Denver, CO 80203 EFTA00030070
