# EFTA02339616

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Boris Nikolic|
|To||
|Sent|Monday, January 23, 2012 1:29 PM|
|Subject|RE:|

---

**[WORD]:** o: Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@qmail.com) Subject: FW: SO SORRY =AN. You really clashed bad with Chris. They =re adamant about it. I tr=ed everything. Will tell you more. Going to sleep soon. Will call you tmr. Boris Went to a small dinner with Mette= and Hakkaan. Invited Melanie and your Andrew. We had fun (mor= me than Melanie and Andrew ;) <=pan style=lont-size:11.0pt;font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";color:1$1F=97D1>Will tell you more. =o:p> B Fro=: Wendy Woska Sent: Monday, January 23, 2012 1:29 PM Th: Boris Nikolic Subject: RE: Hi=Boris — Unfortunat=ly TED has declined our

**[WORD]:** ubject: FW: SO SORRY =AN. You really clashed bad with Chris. They =re adamant about it. I tr=ed everything. Will tell you more. Going to sleep soon. Will call you tmr. Boris Went to a small dinner with Mette= and Hakkaan. Invited Melanie and your Andrew. We had fun (mor= me than Melanie and Andrew ;) <=pan style=lont-size:11.0pt;font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";color:1$1F=97D1>Will tell you more. =o:p> B Fro=: Wendy Woska Sent: Monday, January 23, 2012 1:29 PM Th: Boris Nikolic Subject: RE: Hi=Boris — Unfortunat=ly TED has declined our transfer request because they do not feel Dr.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Monday, January 23, 2012 10:54 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@qmail.com) 
Subject: 
FW: 
SO SORRY =AN. 
You really clashed bad with Chris. They =re adamant about it. 
I tr=ed everything. Will tell you more. 
Going to sleep soon. Will call you tmr. 
Boris 
Went to a small dinner with Mette= and Hakkaan. Invited Melanie and your Andrew. We had fun (mor= me than 
Melanie and Andrew ;) 
<=pan style=lont-size:11.0pt;font-family:"Calibri","sans-serif";color:1$1F=97D1>Will tell you more. 
=o:p> 
B 
Fro=: Wendy Woska 
Sent: Monday, January 23, 2012 1:29 PM 
Th: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: RE: 
Hi=Boris — 
Unfortunat=ly TED has declined our transfer request because they do not feel Dr. Epst=in is a good fit for the 
conference. Would you be able to let Jeffrey and =ichard know? 
EFTA_R1_01302862 
EFTA02339616

-ww-=/p> 
From: Boris Nikolic 
Sent: Thursday, Janu=ry 05, 2012 2:11 PM 
To: Wendy Woska 
Cc: Richard Kahn; =effrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com) 
Subject: RE: <=span> 
Hi=Wendy, 
<=span> 
Can =ou please help Richard with a transfer of one of our tickets to Jeffrey Ep=tein to attend TED 2012? 
=hank you! 
B 
=/html>= 
2 
EFTA_R1_01302863 
EFTA02339617

