# EFTA00028775 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Parry, Emma <emma.parry@thesun.co.uk>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, July 16, 2020 1:26 PM
- **Subject:** Maxwell info

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> .parry@thesun.co.uk> Sent: Thursday, July 16, 2020 1:26 PM To: Subject: Maxwell info Hi I'm not sure if you are the right person to speak to so please redirect this email if necessary. I am a reporter at The Sun and I recently did an interview with a source who has a lot of information about Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein. He is currently in prison but has cooperated on other cases with ATF and now wants to cooperate with authorities on the Maxwell case. I believe he is credible. He named many names to me which we didn't publish but he is happy to share with investigators. https://www.thesun.c

### Match 2
> .parry@thesun.co.uk> Sent: Thursday, July 16, 2020 1:26 PM To: Subject: Maxwell info Hi I'm not sure if you are the right person to speak to so please redirect this email if necessary. I am a reporter at The Sun and I recently did an interview with a source who has a lot of information about Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein. He is currently in prison but has cooperated on other cases with ATF and now wants to cooperate with authorities on the Maxwell case. I believe he is credible. He named many names to me which we didn't publish but he is happy to share with investigators. https://www.

### Match 3
> From: To: Subject: RE: Maxwell info Date: Thu, 16 Jul 2020 18:05:12 +0000 Thanks very much From: Sent: Thursday, July 16, 2020 13:41 To: Subject: FW: Maxwe in o For you. From: Parry, Emma <emma.parry@thesun.co.uk> Sent: Thursday, July 16, 2020 1:26 PM To: Subject: Maxwell info Hi I'm not sure if you are the right pe

### Match 4
> From: To: Subject: RE: Maxwell info Date: Thu, 16 Jul 2020 18:05:12 +0000 Thanks very much From: Sent: Thursday, July 16, 2020 13:41 To: Subject: FW: Maxwe in o For you. From: Parry, Emma <emma.parry@thesun.co.uk> Sent: Thursday, July 16, 2020 1:26 PM To: Subject: Maxwell info Hi I'm not sure if you are the right person to speak to so please redirect this email if necessary. I am a reporter at The Sun and I recently did an interview with a source who has a lot of information about Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein. He is currently in prison but has cooperate

### Match 5
> rect this email if necessary. I am a reporter at The Sun and I recently did an interview with a source who has a lot of information about Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein. He is currently in prison but has cooperated on other cases with ATF and now wants to cooperate with authorities on the Maxwell case. I believe he is credible. He named many names to me which we didn't publish but he is happy to share with investigators. https://www.thesun.co.uldnews/1209170 1 /epstein-maxwell-people-sex-under-age-girls/ He has asked me to reach out to help facilitate this. Can you help? Or advise on ho
