# EFTA02430710

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, settlement

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein cjeeyacation@gmall.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Thu Jan 28 06:55:46 2010|
|Subject|Re: SR|

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmail.comueeyacation©gmail.comi From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Thur 1/28/2010 11:58:55 AM Subject: Re: SR OK. Speaking to him again this weekend. Giving keynote address this am to us marine industry assoc on future of marina industry. It will be a short speech. From: Jeffrey Epstein cjeeyacation@gmall.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Jan 28

**[WORD]:** comi From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Thur 1/28/2010 11:58:55 AM Subject: Re: SR OK. Speaking to him again this weekend. Giving keynote address this am to us marine industry assoc on future of marina industry. It will be a short speech. From: Jeffrey Epstein cjeeyacation@gmall.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Jan 28 06:55:46 2010 Subject: Re: SR third party ??/ aj. discaler„ no big deal but might be helpful On Thu, Jan 28, 2010 at 6:45 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. wrote: I finally got to speak to him about this matter. Yes, he did invest in the settlement fnd, but it was in a pooled context

**[WORD]:** e industry assoc on future of marina industry. It will be a short speech. From: Jeffrey Epstein cjeeyacation@gmall.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Jan 28 06:55:46 2010 Subject: Re: SR third party ??/ aj. discaler„ no big deal but might be helpful On Thu, Jan 28, 2010 at 6:45 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. wrote: I finally got to speak to him about this matter. Yes, he did invest in the settlement fnd, but it was in a pooled context and it was brought to him by a third party money manager. He did not recall who. He did not know what settlements, specifically, he was investing in or anything a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.comueeyacation©gmail.comi 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Thur 1/28/2010 11:58:55 AM 
Subject: Re: SR 
OK. Speaking to him again this weekend. Giving keynote address this am to us marine industry assoc on future 
of marina industry. It will be a short speech. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein cjeeyacation@gmall.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Thu Jan 28 06:55:46 2010 
Subject: Re: SR 
third party ??/ aj. discaler„ no big deal but might be helpful 
On Thu, Jan 28, 2010 at 6:45 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
wrote: 
I finally got to speak to him about this matter. Yes, he did invest in the settlement fnd, but it 
was in a pooled context and it was brought to him by a third party money manager. He did not 
recall who. He did not know what settlements, specifically, he was investing in or anything 
about any nexus to you. Yes, JP invested too, but sr did not think that he had any specific 
knowledge that the money was earmarked for investment in specific settlements. To his 
knowledge there was diversification of risk as it was a pool of settlements. This was far from 
in the forefront of his mind and I did not want to push. I will if you want. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@smail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1500743 
EFTA02430710

