# EFTA02368513

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Saturday, October 6, 2012 6:37 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Plastic surgeon I assume??? X ray does not help. CT scan in that case or ju=t watch carefully for symptoms. Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> D

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Saturday, October 6, 2012 6:37 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Plastic surgeon I assume??? X ray does not help. CT scan in that case or ju=t watch carefully for symptoms. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 6 Oct 2012 18:15:48 
To: 
Subji 
I am flying to ny will land at 630.. 
fell off the atv and needs stit=hes in her forehead and an x-ray to insure no 
concussion.. can you orga=ize thanks will call later or try my cell. 
=0A=-
=********* 
****** 
***** 
***** 
***** 
***** 
******** 
**** 
********* 
=The information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =nd may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"b <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1349548614</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox<Aey> 
<string>imap:Meevacation@imap.gmail.com/%58Gmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>250347</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01367543 
EFTA02368513

