# EFTA02533197

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=effrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|To|</=>Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** 23 PM, Are you back i= Paris. ? Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Friday, November 12, 2010 5:10 PM Re: Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile =It;2 <mailto >=wrote: From: =effrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Date: Fri, 12 Nov 2010 16:55:10 +0100 To: </=>Jean Luc Brunel <mailto > Subject: The information contained in this communication is confi=ential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
yes 
On Fri, Nov 12, 2010 at 5:23 PM, 
Are you back i= Paris. ? 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Friday, November 12, 2010 5:10 PM 
Re: 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
=It;2 
<mailto 
>=wrote: 
From: =effrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Fri, 12 Nov 2010 16:55:10 +0100 
To: </=>Jean Luc Brunel
<mailto 
> 
Subject: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confi=ential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmailcom, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
***** 
****** 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
EFTA_R1_01677324 
EFTA02533197

have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy thi= communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01677325 
EFTA02533198

