# EFTA02435120

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Feierstein, Kimberly" c:a|
|To|"|
|Sent||
|Subject|Thanksgiving plans|

---

**[FULL]:** family were thinking of going to Jeffrey's house for thanksgiving dinner. The Mottolas are not coming, but may stop by for dessert. Is this plan OK? If not Eva said they could come on Friday for lunch or dinner instead. Let me know. Thanks. Have a nice weekend. Kimberly Feierstein Assistant to Eva Dubin This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. If you arc not the intended recipient you arc hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this c-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey E steinfieevacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Sent: 
Fri 11/6/2009 9:26:01 PM 
Subject: Fwd: Thanksgiving plans 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Feierstein, Kimberly" c:a 
Date: November 6, 2009 4:20:36 PM EST 
To:" 
Subject: Thanksgiving plans 
Hi there. 
OK so Eva and family were thinking of going to Jeffrey's house for thanksgiving dinner. The Mottolas 
are not coming, but may stop by for dessert. Is this plan OK? 
If not Eva said they could come on Friday for lunch or dinner instead. 
Let me know. Thanks. Have a nice weekend. 
Kimberly Feierstein 
Assistant to Eva Dubin 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain 
confidential information. If you arc not the intended recipient you arc hereby 
notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this c-mail and any 
attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please 
immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and 
any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01507021 
EFTA02435120

