# EFTA02491640

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Reid Hoffman|
|Sent|Sunday, August 02, 2015 9:57 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** inner, the first draft , and the pen. . I really appreciate the kind gesture and your friendship. can you give me marks email. ? I suggested to him, and you should also join ,the last week in sept is full of interesting people in new york, as it is the opening of the UN general assembly, and the clinton global initiative. world leaders. finance ministers. fun dinners lunches etc. I will be at the ranch the rest of the month, come whenever you want, bring whomever you please please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may const

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Reid Hoffman 
Sent: 
Tuesday, August 4, 2015 12:26 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
as always, very fun talking with you. =noted 
that you were the most conversational of the high intellects. 
i will intro you and Mark Z. 
Let me look at september and August. 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, August 02, 2015 9:57 PM 
To: Reid Hoffman 
Subject: 
thank you for dinner, the first draft , and the pen. . I really appreciate the kind gesture and your friendship. 
can you 
give me marks email. ? I suggested to him, and you should also join ,the last week in sept is full of interesting people in 
new york, as it is the opening of the UN general assembly, and the clinton global initiative. world leaders. finance 
ministers. fun dinners lunches etc. 
I will be at the ranch the rest of the month, come whenever you want, bring whomever you please 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01613856 
EFTA02491640

