# EFTA02441174

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Mon Aug 17 17:13:37 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comijeevacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 8/17/2009 10:23:24 PM Subject: Re: I heard a very different story. I know that the tax info is very different from gaap info because that's just the way things work. They told me that the igy finance and tax guy are going to speak with your guys to reconcile the tax treatment for

**[WORD]:** ey told me that the igy finance and tax guy are going to speak with your guys to reconcile the tax treatment for you, but it has nothing to do with gaap operating statements. Personalty I now feel that they have it under control but rm happy to review with you. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Aug 17 17:13:37 2009 Subject: gamer and boys arc tyrying to tie together the tax info, with the chart„ though there were four people on the phone„ no one could make heads nor tails *********************************************************** The information contained in this commu

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comijeevacationellgmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Mon 8/17/2009 10:23:24 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I heard a very different story. I know that the tax info is very different from gaap info because that's just the way 
things work. They told me that the igy finance and tax guy are going to speak with your guys to reconcile the tax 
treatment for you, but it has nothing to do with gaap operating statements. Personalty I now feel that they have it 
under control but rm happy to review with you. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Mon Aug 17 17:13:37 2009 
Subject: 
gamer and boys arc tyrying to tie together the tax info, with the chart„ though there were four 
people on the phone„ no one could make heads nor tails 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01515412 
EFTA02441174

