# EFTA02274591

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Eva Dubin|
|Sent|Friday, February 8, 2019 12:28 PM|
|Subject|Re: muffins|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Eva Andersson From: Sent: Mon 2/11/2019 6:37:10 PM Subject: Re: muffins muffins delivered to your apartment! ) On Fcb 8, 20 I 9, at 1:1 1 PM, Eva Dubin • wrote: no worries at all i was just joking! i can wait until Jeffrey is back in ny next time Please note, my email address has changed tomilliml From Sent: Friday, February 8, 2019 12:28 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: muffins Hi Eva. I am still waiting to hear back from Sonam who is to mak

**[FULL]:** ct: Re: muffins muffins delivered to your apartment! ) On Fcb 8, 20 I 9, at 1:1 1 PM, Eva Dubin • wrote: no worries at all i was just joking! i can wait until Jeffrey is back in ny next time Please note, my email address has changed tomilliml From Sent: Friday, February 8, 2019 12:28 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: muffins Hi Eva. I am still waiting to hear back from Sonam who is to make the muffins. I am hoping for today. But it could be Monday A I will let you know. Sent from my iPhone On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: AAA Please note, my email address has changed to On Feb

**[FULL]:** nged tomilliml From Sent: Friday, February 8, 2019 12:28 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: muffins Hi Eva. I am still waiting to hear back from Sonam who is to make the muffins. I am hoping for today. But it could be Monday A I will let you know. Sent from my iPhone On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: AAA Please note, my email address has changed to On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, - > wrote: Oh Eva!!! Completely understand!! They are simply the BEST! Let me work on This for you AO Sent from my iPhone On Feb 8, 2019, at 10:55 AM, Eva Dubi wrote: Hi EFTA_R1_01087842 EFTA02274591 I

**[FULL]:** To: Eva Andersson From: Sent: Mon 2/11/2019 6:37:10 PM Subject: Re: muffins muffins delivered to your apartment! ) On Fcb 8, 20 I 9, at 1:1 1 PM, Eva Dubin • wrote: no worries at all i was just joking! i can wait until Jeffrey is back in ny next time Please note, my email address has changed tomilliml From

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Eva Andersson 
From: 
Sent: 
Mon 2/11/2019 6:37:10 PM 
Subject: Re: muffins 
muffins delivered to your apartment! ) 
On Fcb 8, 20 I 9, at 1:1 1 PM, Eva Dubin 
• wrote: 
no worries at all i was just joking! i can wait until Jeffrey is back in ny next time 
Please note, my email address has changed tomilliml 
From 
Sent: Friday, February 8, 2019 12:28 PM 
To: Eva Dubin 
Subject: Re: muffins 
Hi Eva. I am still waiting to hear back from Sonam who is to make the muffins. I am 
hoping for today. But it could be Monday A I will let you know. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, Eva Dubin
 wrote: 
AAA 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
On Feb 8, 2019, at 11:07 AM, -
> wrote: 
Oh Eva!!! Completely understand!! They are simply the 
BEST! Let me work on This for you AO 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 8, 2019, at 10:55 AM, Eva Dubi 
wrote: 
Hi 
EFTA_R1_01087842 
EFTA02274591

I ran out of muffins this morning and I do 
not know how I will survive without them! 
Do you have any ideas of how I can get 
more? A 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
EFTA_R1_01087843 
EFTA02274592

