# EFTA02709288

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** a with additional offices in Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles, New York, Northern Virginia, and Phoenix, as well =as in Dublin, London, and Paris. EFTA_R1_02115101 EFTA02709288 Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 tel fax cel Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" < Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 =ar: Digital Realty Trust Inc. Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock: =.50% Area Date: =/b>August 13, 2015 at 10:29:40 AM =DT To: 4b>"Richard Kahn ( /., Good Morning Rich, Here is a new issue =referred coming today. Thanks again-Andrew $25 Par New Issue Syndi

**[WORD]:** sage: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" < Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 =ar: Digital Realty Trust Inc. Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock: =.50% Area Date: =/b>August 13, 2015 at 10:29:40 AM =DT To: 4b>"Richard Kahn ( /., Good Morning Rich, Here is a new issue =referred coming today. Thanks again-Andrew $25 Par New Issue Syndicate Offering: Digital Realty Trust Inc. =DLR) Issuer: Digital Realty Trust Inc. (Ticker: =E2 DLR") Securities =ffered: Series I =umulative Redeemable Preferred =tock &nb=p; Expected =atings: =Baa3 / BB+ / =8+ Expected =ize: $150mm (6mm $25 Par Shares) Maturity: =n

**[WORD]:** ts: Upon the =ccurrence of a Change of Control, see red for retails. =nbsp; Use of =roceeds: = To fund a portion of the aggregate purchase price for the Telx =cquisition &nb=p; DRD/QDI: &=bsp; Not =ligible Subject to U.S. Tax =ithholding for NRA Clients Yes* Expected =isting: =nbsp; NYSE Andrew S. Atlas Financial =dvisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan =omplex Tel/Direct: Fax: I New York, =Y 10104 <mailto 3 EFTA_R1_02115103 EFTA02709290 Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not use email to request, authorize or effect

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn < 
Sent: 
Thursday, August 13, 2015 2:49 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: New Issue $25 Par: Digital Realty Trust Inc. Cumulative Redeemable Preferred 
Stock: 6.50% Area 
Attachments: 
51645ACL.PDF; Untitled attachment 00178.htm 
Please advise if you have any interest and if =o what amount Stock at current price of 65.96 =urrently pays a dividend of 
5.20% vs preferred offering of =.50% Thank you 
Digital Realty Trust Inc. (DLR) 
65.96 0.37(0.56%) 10:46AM =DT - Nasdaq Real Time Price Add to =ortfolio 
Prey Close: 
65.59 
Open: 65.58 
Bid: 
65.53 x 400 
Ask: 
65.56 x 100 
ly Target Est: 
70.67 
Beta: 
-0.61 
Earnings Date: Oct 26 - Oct 30 =Est.) 
Day's=Range: 
65.20 - 65.97 
52wk Range: 
61.33 - 75.39 
Volume: 
239,156 
Avg Vol (3m): 
1,346,060 
Market Cap: 
8.96B 
PIE (ttm): 
32.40 
EPS (ttm): 
2.02 
Div & Yield: 
3.40 (5.20%) =/td> 
Business =ummary 
Digital Realty Trust, Inc., a real estate investment trust (REIT), through its =controlling interest in Digital Realty Trust, 
L.P., engages in the ownership, acquisition, development, redevelopment, and management of technology-related real 
estate. It focuses on strategically located properties containing applications and operations critical to the day-to-day 
operations of technology industry tenants and corporate enterprise datacenter users, including the information 
technology departments of Fortune 1000 companies, and financial services companies. The company's property 
portfolio consists of Internet gateway properties, corporate datacenter properties, technology manufacturing 
properties, and regional or national offices of technology companies. As of December 31, 2008, Digital Realty's portfolio 
consisted of 75 =properties, including 62 located in North America and 13 located in Europe. Digital Realty Trust has 
elected to be treated as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and would not be subject to income tax, if =it distributes 
at least 90% of its REIT taxable income to its stockholders. The company was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in 
San Francisco, California with additional offices in Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles, New York, Northern Virginia, and 
Phoenix, as well =as in Dublin, London, and Paris. 
EFTA_R1_02115101 
EFTA02709288

Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" < 
Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 =ar: Digital Realty Trust Inc. Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock: =.50% Area 
Date: =/b>August 13, 2015 at 10:29:40 AM =DT 
To: 4b>"Richard Kahn ( 
/., 
Good Morning Rich, 
Here is a new issue =referred coming today. 
Thanks again-Andrew 
$25 Par New Issue Syndicate Offering: 
Digital Realty Trust Inc. =DLR) 
Issuer: Digital Realty Trust Inc. (Ticker: =E2 DLR") 
Securities =ffered: 
Series I =umulative Redeemable Preferred =tock 
&nb=p; 
Expected =atings: 
=Baa3 / BB+ / =8+ 
Expected =ize: $150mm (6mm $25 Par Shares) 
Maturity: 
=nbsp; 
=erpetual 
2 
EFTA_R1_02115102 
EFTA02709289

Price =alk: 
=.50% Area 
Offer =rice: 
$25 per =hare 
Distributions: 
Quarterly =n arrears on or about the last day of March, June, September and =ecember of each 
year beginning on December 31, =015. 
&nb=p; 
Redemption: 
At the =ssuer's option, callable at par at any time on or after August =xxJ, 2020 or before upon 
the occurrence of a Change of Control, see red =or details. 
Conversion =ights: 
Upon the =ccurrence of a Change of Control, see red for retails. 
=nbsp; 
Use of =roceeds: 
= To fund a portion of the aggregate purchase price for the Telx =cquisition 
&nb=p; 
DRD/QDI: 
&=bsp; Not =ligible 
Subject to U.S. Tax =ithholding for NRA Clients Yes* 
Expected =isting: 
=nbsp; NYSE 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial =dvisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan =omplex 
Tel/Direct: 
Fax: 
I New York, =Y 10104 
<mailto 
3 
EFTA_R1_02115103 
EFTA02709290

Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use email to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any =ecurity or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this =-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
=eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, =o the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is subject to terms 
available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If you cannot access 
this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley 
you consent to =he foregoing. 
4 
EFTA_R1_02115104 
EFTA02709291

