# EFTA00018586 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ) (the "Subject Offenses"), for the period 1994 through August 8, 2019, described as follows: 1. Evidence concerning the identity or location of the owner(s) or user(s) of the Subject Devices. 2. Evidence concernin the identity or location of co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including nd GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 3. Evidence concernin communications to, from, by, and/or among co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including nd GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 4. Any documents or communications with or regarding victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses. 5. Documents or records reflecting payments to vic

### Match 2
> location of the owner(s) or user(s) of the Subject Devices. 2. Evidence concernin the identity or location of co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including nd GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 3. Evidence concernin communications to, from, by, and/or among co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including nd GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 4. Any documents or communications with or regarding victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses. 5. Documents or records reflecting payments to victims and/or co-conspirators including but not limited to bank and financial records, spreadsheets, ledgers, account listings, check an

### Match 3
> ) (the "Subject Offenses"), for the period 1994 through August 8, 2019, described as follows: 1. Evidence concerning the identity or location of the owner(s) or user(s) of the Subject Devices. 2. Evidence concernin the identity or location of co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including nd GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 3. Evidence concernin communications to, from, by, and/or among co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including nd GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 4. Any documents or communications with or regarding victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses. 5. Documents or records reflecting payment

### Match 4
> location of the owner(s) or user(s) of the Subject Devices. 2. Evidence concernin the identity or location of co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including nd GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 3. Evidence concernin communications to, from, by, and/or among co-conspirators of JEFFREY EPSTEIN, including nd GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 4. Any documents or communications with or regarding victims or potential victims of the Subject Offenses. 5. Documents or records reflecting payments to victims and/or co-conspirators including but not limited to bank and financial records, spreadsheets, ledgers, account listings,
