# EFTA02296718

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** wro=e: > Okey > O b 28, 2013 3:12 PM, a wrote: can you order 2 orders of chicken Parm with some side vegetables and=penne pasta with tomato sauce from Scalinetella tonight to send to the plan= tomorrow for plane food. I would also get some sandwiches from Sant Ambroe=s for any security people Gates might be bringing with him » Begin forwarded message: >» From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> >» Date: Februar 28 2013 2:24:00 PM EST >» To: >» Subject: Re: >» >» yes, >» On Thu, Feb 28, 2013 at 2:03 PM, > wro=e: »» Gates office is asking if it's possible to serve him a warm lunc

**[WORD]:** ome sandwiches from Sant Ambroe=s for any security people Gates might be bringing with him » Begin forwarded message: >» From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> >» Date: Februar 28 2013 2:24:00 PM EST >» To: >» Subject: Re: >» >» yes, >» On Thu, Feb 28, 2013 at 2:03 PM, > wro=e: »» Gates office is asking if it's possible to serve him a warm lunch on pl=ne tomorrow. How do you feel about getting chicken parm from Scalinatella t= have reheated on the plane for lunch? trying to think of something that wo=ld be good and easy to reheat.. >>» »» On Feb 27, 2013, at 5:14 PM, Jeffrey E

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Thursda , Februa 
28, 2013 9:15 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Subject: 
Re: Fwd: Re: 
.
Thank you 
! Sorry to put all this on you. Won't be landing till midni=ht, so she won't be any help tonight. She did 
say she wi 
e by in the mor=ing to help pack up before he leaves. Also be sure to include something swe=t..cookies or 
cakes for the plane. Thank you!! 
On Feb 28, 2013, at 3:13 PM, 
> wro=e: 
> Okey 
> O
b 28, 2013 3:12 PM, a 
wrote: 
can you order 2 orders of chicken Parm with some side vegetables and=penne pasta with tomato sauce from 
Scalinetella tonight to send to the plan= tomorrow for plane food. I would also get some sandwiches from Sant 
Ambroe=s for any security people Gates might be bringing with him 
» Begin forwarded message: 
>» From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
>» Date: Februar 28 2013 2:24:00 PM EST 
>» To: 
>» Subject: Re: 
>» 
>» yes, 
>» On Thu, Feb 28, 2013 at 2:03 PM, 
> wro=e: 
»» Gates office is asking if it's possible to serve him a warm lunch on pl=ne tomorrow. How do you feel about getting 
chicken parm from Scalinatella t= have reheated on the plane for lunch? trying to think of something that wo=ld be good 
and easy to reheat.. 
>>» 
»» On Feb 27, 2013, at 5:14 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wr=te: 
>>» 
>»» no, but might have lunch on friday, we need to orgazie plane food l=nch going down 
>>>» 
>»» On Wed, Feb 27, 2013 at 5:14 PM, 
w=ote: 
>>>>» will he be staying at the house? 
>>>>» 
>>»» On Feb 27, 2013, at 5:09 PM, Jeffre 
EFTA_R1_01158387 
EFTA02296718

