# EFTA02554302

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation, dinner

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** ith Brian Boyd and had dinner with Eric lander last night, I fu=d quite a bit of brain research and have established an evolutionary dynam=cs institute at Harvard. ( controversial last paper with E.o wilson. ).=AO with Martin Novak. I will be in Paris for the next two weeks with so=e execs of the Gates Foundation. We would love to have you over for coffee=when and if convenient. T=e information contained in this communication is confidential, may be a=torney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is int=nded only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Ep

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Monday, May 14, 2012 10:42 AM 
I spoke with Brian Boyd and had dinner with Eric lander last night, I fu=d quite a bit of brain research and have 
established an evolutionary dynam=cs institute at Harvard. ( controversial last paper with E.o wilson. ).=AO with Martin 
Novak. I will be in Paris for the next two weeks with so=e execs of the Gates Foundation. We would love to have you 
over for coffee=when and if convenient. 
T=e information contained in this communication is confidential, may be a=torney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is int=nded only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received t=is communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or=by e-mail to 
je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--90e6ba10a5dleef8d304bffcbbcd-- conversation-id 219576 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1336992112 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 222792 
1 
EFTA_R1_01711614 
EFTA02554302

