# EFTA00038973 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** ELIZABETH WILLIAMS
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: Maxwell Trial sketches

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: (EXTERNAL EMAIL' - Fwd: Maxwell Trial sketches Date: Wed, 09 Feb 2022 13:25:31 +0000 Importance: Normal !aline-Images: imagc0.jpeg: image I .jpeg: image2jpeg: image3.jpeg Begin forwarded message: From: Date: Febniary 9, 2022 at 06:03:44 EST To: ELIZABETH WILLIAMS Cc: ELIZABETH STUDIO EMAIL Subject: Re: Maxwell Trial sketc

### Match 2
> AIL' - Fwd: Maxwell Trial sketches Date: Wed, 09 Feb 2022 13:25:31 +0000 Importance: Normal !aline-Images: imagc0.jpeg: image I .jpeg: image2jpeg: image3.jpeg Begin forwarded message: From: Date: Febniary 9, 2022 at 06:03:44 EST To: ELIZABETH WILLIAMS Cc: ELIZABETH STUDIO EMAIL Subject: Re: Maxwell Trial sketches Great! I'm around Thursday to chat. You can call me at my cell Are any of these 4 attached sketches ones you drew? Thanks! anytime. We can discuss options. Ideally I'd prefer the originals. EFTA00038973 EFTA00038974 EFTA00038975 EFTA00038976 " --1Mittlig galconst q '<vegil

### Match 3
> prints or originals? I'm at the Sarah Paint trial tomorrow but should be available on Thursday if you'd like to discuss further. Thanks! Elizabeth On Tuc, Feb 8, 2022, 9:33 AM =<az• wrote: EFTA00038977 Hello, I'm looking to track down who did sketches of myself and my partner =during the Maxwell trial. She was called to testify for the defense when sketched and I was sketched while setting up the massage table. We arc looking to purchase some of these sketches. Please let me know if that was you or you can assist me in my search. Thanks! EFTA00038978
