# EFTA00016959 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 7

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, October 20, 2021 1:19 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Maxwell victim website

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> om: ' (USANYS)" < To: ' (USANYS)" < Cc: ' MIlk)" c Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website Date: Wed, 20 Oct 2021 22:36:23 +0000 >, ' 1" Thanks] From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 5:45 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website < => Updated: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell (justice.gov) From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 1:19 PM To: (USANYS)< > Cc: ) 4: *; Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website I added some language to the text below. I don't think there is a need to include the document unless that is what we have been doing in this case. Thanks

### Match 2
> om: ' (USANYS)" < To: ' (USANYS)" < Cc: ' MIlk)" c Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website Date: Wed, 20 Oct 2021 22:36:23 +0000 >, ' 1" Thanks] From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 5:45 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website < => Updated: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell (justice.gov) From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 1:19 PM To: (USANYS)< > Cc: ) 4: *; Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website I added some language to the text below. I don't think there is a need to include the document unless that is what we have been doing in this case.

### Match 3
> From: ' (USANYS)" < To: ' (USANYS)" < Cc: ' MIlk)" c Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website Date: Wed, 20 Oct 2021 22:36:23 +0000 >, ' 1" Thanks] From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 5:45 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website < => Updated: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell (justice.gov) From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20,

### Match 4
> From: ' (USANYS)" < To: ' (USANYS)" < Cc: ' MIlk)" c Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website Date: Wed, 20 Oct 2021 22:36:23 +0000 >, ' 1" Thanks] From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 5:45 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website < => Updated: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell (justice.gov) From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 1:19 PM To: (USANYS)< > Cc: ) 4: *; Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website I added some language to the text below. I don't think there is a need to include the docu

### Match 5
> 1" Thanks] From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 5:45 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website < => Updated: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell (justice.gov) From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 1:19 PM To: (USANYS)< > Cc: ) 4: *; Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website I added some language to the text below. I don't think there is a need to include the document unless that is what we have been doing in this case. Thanks so much! From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 1:16 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website )

### Match 6
> *; Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website I added some language to the text below. I don't think there is a need to include the document unless that is what we have been doing in this case. Thanks so much! From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 1:16 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website ) Sure think. Include the document as well or just the text? From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 1:13 PM To: (USANYS) < Cc: < >; Subject: Maxwell victim website Hi Nick, Judge Nathan issued the attached order regarding the teleconference set for tomorrow. Woul

### Match 7
> s case. Thanks so much! From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 1:16 PM To: (USANYS) Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell victim website ) Sure think. Include the document as well or just the text? From: (USANYS) Sent: Wednesday, October 20, 2021 1:13 PM To: (USANYS) < Cc: < >; Subject: Maxwell victim website Hi Nick, Judge Nathan issued the attached order regarding the teleconference set for tomorrow. Would you be able to update the victim website with this info, please? Some proposed language below. The Court will hold a telephone conference to discuss jury selection matters on Octo
