# EFTA02300664

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Kris Fuchs < Sent: Wednesday, August 31, 2016 10:08 PM To: Jeffrey E. Cc: Karyna Shuliak Subject: Re: Kris Fuchs /Eva Dubins friend Her name is Her pho=e is She is available after 9/12/16 She is legal. Drivers li=ense. She can travel domestic and international. I adore her so please be g=od to her if you hire her ;) =div id="AppleMailSignature">She is a team player ,private and always prof=ssional. Best- Kris Fuc

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Kris Fuchs < 
Sent: 
Wednesday, August 31, 2016 10:08 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Cc: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Subject: 
Re: Kris Fuchs /Eva Dubins friend 
Her name is 
Her pho=e is 
She is available after 9/12/16 
She is legal. Drivers li=ense. She can travel domestic and international. I adore her so please be g=od to her if you hire 
her ;) 
=div id="AppleMailSignature">She is a team player ,private and always prof=ssional. 
Best-
Kris Fuchs 
Founder, 
On Aug 31, 2016, at 6:02 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
clockquote type="cite"> 
yes, please=send all info 
On Wed, Aug 31, 2016 at 6:01 PM, Kris Fuchs a 
wrote: 
Dear=Jeffrey 
I hope you're well since I last spoke to y=u in the spring. I wanted to know if you're looking for a house keepe=. I 
have someone who's been with me 3 summers and she needs a full-time job=which I can't give her. I hate to lose her 
next summer but I would li=e to recommend her to you if you're still interested looking for a full-tim= housekeeper. she 
is legal her name is Isabella and I just adore her. Profe=sional and my home is spotless organized etc 
Best,</=iv> 
K 
=br> 
Kris Fuchs 
Fo=nder, 
Lavender Fields Communications 
EFTA_R1_01167622 
EFTA02300664

=/span> 
The informat=on contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-clie=t privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only fo= 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized u=e, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is st=ictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-=ail to jeevacati=n@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof,<=r>including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01167623 
EFTA02300665

