# EFTA02335857

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: ghislaine, royal

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|G. Max|
|To|Dorman, David, EXEO|
|Sent|Wed May 26 16:11:20 2004|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[WORD]:** you get a chance a MI report! -H-F do not forget to send the pits - otherwise it may not happen won't be cheap seats when the guest of honor comes over to say hi! G At 04:01 PM 4/26/2004 -0500, you wrote: Thanks for following up...will in UK thursday- sunday "golfing and drinking wine". With Andrew 1 May at Royal Liverpool.... Or I should say he will be the guest of honor and I will be in cheap seats! Original Messa e From: G. Max To: Dorman, David, EXEO Sent: Wed May 26 16:11:20 2004 Subject: Re: Ok, I just want to resend everything again to Andrew ( I am not at the computer that h

**[WORD]:** "golfing and drinking wine". With Andrew 1 May at Royal Liverpool.... Or I should say he will be the guest of honor and I will be in cheap seats! Original Messa e From: G. Max To: Dorman, David, EXEO Sent: Wed May 26 16:11:20 2004 Subject: Re: Ok, I just want to resend everything again to Andrew ( I am not at the computer that has the info) so that there is no excuse! G At 03:55 PM 4/26/2004 -0500, you wrote: >Will do when I get to PC Thanks again > Original Messa e >From: G. Max < >To: Dorman, David, EXEO >Sent: Wed May 26 16:07:42 >Subject: >Dear David >Can you Plse re send m

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
"Dorman, David EXEC? 
From: 
"G. Max' 
Subject Re: 
Have a wonderful time + Plse when you get a chance a MI report! -H-F do not forget to send the 
pits - otherwise it may not happen 
won't be cheap seats when the guest of honor comes 
over to say hi! 
G 
At 04:01 PM 4/26/2004 -0500, you wrote: 
Thanks for following up...will in UK thursday- sunday "golfing and drinking 
wine". With Andrew 1 May at Royal Liverpool.... Or I should say he will be the 
guest of honor and I will be in cheap seats! 
 
Original Messa e 
From: G. Max 
To: Dorman, David, EXEO 
Sent: Wed May 26 16:11:20 2004 
Subject: Re: 
Ok, I just want to resend everything again to Andrew ( I am not at the 
computer that has the info) so that there is no excuse! 
G 
At 03:55 PM 4/26/2004 -0500, you wrote: 
>Will do when I get to PC Thanks again 
> 
Original Messa e 
>From: G. Max < 
>To: Dorman, David, EXEO 
>Sent: Wed May 26 16:07:42 
>Subject: 
>Dear David 
>Can you Plse re send me the photos of you and Carlos + the date of the 
>dinner again 
>Thx 
>Hope all is well - 
>Ghislaine 
EFTA_R1_01283414 
EFTA02335857

