# EFTA02434384

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmall.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Thu Dec 10 07:04:07 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmaitcompeevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Thur 12/10/2009 12:06:53 PM Subject: Re: Yes I have and no I'm not. Not right now. The centerline negotiations have reached a heated pace and I am sequestered until its done or the pry it from my cold dead fingers. I will be down as soon as it's over. though. How are you? From: Jeffr

**[WORD]:** Re: Yes I have and no I'm not. Not right now. The centerline negotiations have reached a heated pace and I am sequestered until its done or the pry it from my cold dead fingers. I will be down as soon as it's over. though. How are you? From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmall.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Dec 10 07:04:07 2009 Subject: have you talke to hamsa about the fountainbleau negotiations..? are you coming down? *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcompeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Thur 12/10/2009 12:06:53 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Yes I have and no I'm not. Not right now. The centerline negotiations have reached a heated pace and I am 
sequestered until its done or the pry it from my cold dead fingers. I will be down as soon as it's over. though. 
How are you? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmall.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Thu Dec 10 07:04:07 2009 
Subject: 
have you talke to hamsa about the fountainbleau negotiations..? are you coming down? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1505990 
EFTA02434384

