# EFTA00019889 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 2

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "TheAbstraction ."
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Sunday, 23 February, 2020 07:58:29
- **Subject:** Re: The Jeffrey Epstein & Jes Staley Blackmail Ring

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> d the honourable thing and demand the FCA investigate. Mr Stride, do you take personal responsibility for the TSC witholding key legal evidence to ongoing inquiries? Which civil servants in the TSC are involved with the cover-up? Are they expecting a role in Barclays after the dust has settled? Andrew Bailey of the FCA and Lisa Osofsky of the SFO both explicity refused to investigate Staley after I supplied them with FOIA responses. Did the TSC order the FCA and the SFO to stand down? It is only the US press that has forced the British establishment's hand. Had Staley's role in JP Morgan not

### Match 2
> corrupted in order for Staley to keep his job. Why is Bailey being considered for top job at the Bank of England when the FCA that he runs has a 98% disapproval rating from the general public. Bailey and the FCA are answerable to the Treasury which is answerable to Parliament. It is noted that Andrew Bailey and Mark Carney are being investigated for the LC&F scandal. EFTA00019890 To remind you, my friend may well have been murdered for exposing the Epstein and Staley story back in 2017. The timing of her death and the contents of her exposé were given as evidence to Judge Worster of the Bi
