# EFTA02417868

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Wed Oct 13 05:56:13 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacationftmail.com[jeeyacation©gmaitcorn] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Wed 10/13/2010 10:37:14 AM Subject: Re: I do not know. check. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Wed Oct 13 05:56:13 2010 Subject: did wico have their meeting.? ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The inform

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacationftmail.com[jeeyacation©gmaitcorn] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Wed 10/13/2010 10:37:14 AM Subject: Re: I do not know. check. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Wed Oct 13 05:56:13 2010 Subject: did wico have their meeting.? ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacationftmail.com[jeeyacation©gmaitcorn] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Wed 10/13/2010 10:37:14 AM 
Subject: Re: 
I do not know. 
check. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Wed Oct 13 05:56:13 2010 
Subject: 
did wico have their meeting.? 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@smail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1482934 
EFTA02417868

