# EFTA02213925

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff|
|To|George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel)|
|Sent|Friday, June 02, 2017 12:51 PM|
|Subject|Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin|

---

**[FULL]:** To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel Fran: Lesley Groff Sent Fri 6/2/2017 8:51:08 PM Subject Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin she would like an evening performance on only one of the days I have given you...so which ever date you still hold 4 very good house seats, we will take that evening performance...(this being said, July 2nd is out considering it is only a matinee) On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:48 PM, George Lane Asst (L

**[FULL]:** inee. Let me know if you have a preference. Thanks. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 191° Floor New York, NY Office. From: Lesley Groff Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 12:51 PM To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. We would like 4 tickets for the best scats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think have the best seats for an evening show: June 20,21,23,25,29 July 1,2 Name should be for Eva Dubin at Will Call Credit CARD: Amex

**[FULL]:** Liz Grobel) Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. We would like 4 tickets for the best scats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think have the best seats for an evening show: June 20,21,23,25,29 July 1,2 Name should be for Eva Dubin at Will Call Credit CARD: Amex Jeffrey Epstein 6/21 EFTA_R1_00939536 EFTA02213925 9 East 7Ist Street NY, NY 10021 # on back of card is Lct me know what works! thank you, Lesley On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, George Lanc Asst (Liz Grobel) wrote: Dear Lesley, Bail Sher kindly passed on yo

**[FULL]:** EFTA02213925 9 East 7Ist Street NY, NY 10021 # on back of card is Lct me know what works! thank you, Lesley On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, George Lanc Asst (Liz Grobel) wrote: Dear Lesley, Bail Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway. I am happy to arrange house seats for Eva Dubin. House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance date. The full show schedule is viewable at this link: http://vmw.Ict.orgishowsioslo- broadwavischedule/ Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to submit your request. Date and Time of performance: # of tic

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel 
Fran: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Fri 6/2/2017 8:51:08 PM 
Subject Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
she would like an evening performance on only one of the days I have given you...so which ever 
date you still hold 4 very good house seats, we will take that evening performance...(this being 
said, July 2nd is out considering it is only a matinee) 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:48 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
wrote:
Hi Lesley, 
On June 21", are you requesting the matinee or evening performance? 
Please note that July 1" there is a matinee and evening performance and July 2nd is only 
a matinee. Let me know if you have a preference. Thanks. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 191° Floor 
New York,
NY Office. 
From: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 12:51 PM 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. 
We would like 4 tickets for the best scats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the 
following nights you think have the best seats for an evening show: 
June 20,21,23,25,29 
July 1,2 
Name should be for Eva Dubin at Will Call 
Credit CARD: 
Amex 
Jeffrey Epstein 
6/21 
EFTA_R1_00939536 
EFTA02213925

9 East 7Ist Street 
NY, NY 10021 
# on back of card is 
Lct me know what works! thank you, Lesley 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, George Lanc Asst (Liz Grobel) 
wrote: 
Dear Lesley, 
Bail Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway. I am 
happy to arrange house seats for Eva Dubin. 
House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance date. The full show 
schedule is viewable at this link: http://vmw.Ict.orgishowsioslo-
broadwavischedule/ 
Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to submit your request. 
Date and Time of performance: 
# of tickets: 
Name at will-call: 
Name as it appears on credit card: 
Credit card #: 
Expiration date: 
Security code: 
Full Billing Address: 
Please note that there are no refunds or exchanges on house seats. Please let me know 
if you have any questions, thanks! 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor 
New York, NY 10174 
NY Office: 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended 
recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use dissemination, forwarding. 
printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA_R1_00939537 
EFTA02213926

This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the 
employee or agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any use dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly 
prohibited. 
EFTA_R1_00939538 
EFTA02213927

