# EFTA02591621

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Pritzker, Tom|
|Sent|Friday, October 03, 2014 03:11 PM|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** r 03, 2014 03:11 PM To: Pritzker, Tom Subject: Re: 340-775-8111 On Friday, October 3, 2014, Pritzker, Tom > wrote: Yup. On Oct 3, 2014, at 10:16 AM, jeffrey E. cjeevacation@gmail.com <javascript:_e(047B%7D;cvmUjeevacation@gmail.comi);» wrote: in our Jewish poker game, I see you called my-" Bill Gates" and raised me a " president", I am examining my cards and unless i hold a- female noble prize winner with a great body, I might have to throw in my hand and concede the pot On Thu, Oct 2, 2014 at 9:58 PM, Pritzker, Toni <javascript:_e(%7B%7D;cvmr,' ;> wrote: Spent 2.5 hours with president la

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Pritzker, Tom < 
Sent: 
Friday, October 3, 2014 8:58 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
RE: Re: 
In UK, will probably call tomorrow or Sunday. 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, October 03, 2014 03:11 PM 
To: Pritzker, Tom 
Subject: Re: 
340-775-8111 
On Friday, October 3, 2014, Pritzker, Tom 
> wrote: 
Yup. 
On Oct 3, 2014, at 10:16 AM, jeffrey E. cjeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(047B%7D;cvmUjeevacation@gmail.comi);» wrote: 
in our Jewish poker game, I see you called my-" Bill Gates" and raised me a " president", I am examining 
my cards and unless i hold a- female noble prize winner with a great body, I might have to throw in my hand and 
concede the pot 
On Thu, Oct 2, 2014 at 9:58 PM, Pritzker, Toni 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D;cvmr,' 
;> wrote: 
Spent 2.5 hours with president last night. Fascinating. 
On my way to Oxford to hang with Ruben. 
More later. What number? 
The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely for the 
addressee(s) and may contain confidential and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure. If 
you are not the intended recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, 
please immediately alert the sender by reply email and then delete this message and any attachments. If you are not the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its 
attachments is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA_R1_01774210 
EFTA02591621

please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvml','jeevacation@gmail.com');> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may 
contain confidential and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure. If you are not the 
intended recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, please 
immediately alert the sender by reply email and then delete this message and any attachments. If you are not the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its 
attachments is strictly prohibited. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely for the addressee(s) and may contain 
confidential and/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure. If you are not the intended 
recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, please immediately alert 
the sender by reply email and then delete this message and any attachments. If you are not the intended recipient, you 
are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its attachments is strictly 
prohibited. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01774211 
EFTA02591622

