# EFTA02515971

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com</=»|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject|<no subject|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Friday, November !, *I. ...III To: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Will call you tomorrow Will forward you info from visa application From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Friday, November 7 2014 at 2=04 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: what number can i call you on? On

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Friday, November !, *I. ...III To: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Will call you tomorrow Will forward you info from visa application From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Friday, November 7 2014 at 2=04 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: what number can i call you on? On Thu, Nov 6, 2014 at 5:45 PM, Jean Luc Brunel =span dir="ltr <manta wrote: Just saw your email From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Thursday, November 6, 2014 at=5:15 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: <no subject I would like t

**[FULL]:** I. ...III To: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Will call you tomorrow Will forward you info from visa application From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Friday, November 7 2014 at 2=04 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: what number can i call you on? On Thu, Nov 6, 2014 at 5:45 PM, Jean Luc Brunel =span dir="ltr <manta wrote: Just saw your email From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Thursday, November 6, 2014 at=5:15 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: <no subject I would like to speak with you today please note The information contained in this communication is confid

**[FULL]:** iday, November 7 2014 at 2=04 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: what number can i call you on? On Thu, Nov 6, 2014 at 5:45 PM, Jean Luc Brunel =span dir="ltr <manta wrote: Just saw your email From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Thursday, November 6, 2014 at=5:15 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: <no subject I would like to speak with you today please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthor

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: 
Friday, November !,
*I.
...III 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
Will call you tomorrow 
Will forward you info from visa application 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Friday, November 7 2014 at 2=04 AM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: Re: 
what number can i call you on? 
On Thu, Nov 6, 2014 at 5:45 PM, Jean Luc Brunel =span dir="ltr 
<manta 
wrote: 
Just saw your email 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com</=» 
Date: Thursday, November 6, 2014 at=5:15 PM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: <no subject 
I would like to speak with you today 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
1 
EFTA_R1_01650511 
EFTA02515971

including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01650512 
EFTA02515972

