# EFTA00016532 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 26

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Exhibit C EFTA00016532 30'h November 2020 The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 Dear Judge Nathan: I have known Ghislaine all her life. Ghislaine and I ave a wa s erfoyed sharing the personal experience of our lives with each other. she was full of 'vim and vigor' and always just lovely to be with. she and I have seen our relationship strengthen through shared common interests. In particular, Ghislaine's passio

### Match 2
> Exhibit C EFTA00016532 30'h November 2020 The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 Dear Judge Nathan: I have known Ghislaine all her life. Ghislaine and I ave a wa s erfoyed sharing the personal experience of our lives with each other. she was full of 'vim and vigor' and always just lovely to be with. she and I have seen our relationship strengthen through shared common interests. In particular, Ghislaine's passion TerraMar Pro'ect focusi

### Match 3
> ve known Ghislaine all her life. Ghislaine and I ave a wa s erfoyed sharing the personal experience of our lives with each other. she was full of 'vim and vigor' and always just lovely to be with. she and I have seen our relationship strengthen through shared common interests. In particular, Ghislaine's passion TerraMar Pro'ect focusin! on the rotection of the world's oceans, gave me for making a positive difference in the world, notably through her creation of the non- rofit Although alwa s in touch we have talked ast seven ears and met u much more consistent) over the one of her best fri

### Match 4
> oceans, gave me for making a positive difference in the world, notably through her creation of the non- rofit Although alwa s in touch we have talked ast seven ears and met u much more consistent) over the one of her best friends. It is a joy to Wage EFTA00016533 Throughout her school life Ghislaine always had friends and seemed to be genuinely grounded in her love of life and learnin . We were all quite proud when she graduated from Oxford with her Bachelor's degree. She, learned early on the value of hard work Around 1990, Ghislaine came to live in New York to continue Maxwell Corporate

### Match 5
> joy to Wage EFTA00016533 Throughout her school life Ghislaine always had friends and seemed to be genuinely grounded in her love of life and learnin . We were all quite proud when she graduated from Oxford with her Bachelor's degree. She, learned early on the value of hard work Around 1990, Ghislaine came to live in New York to continue Maxwell Corporate Gifts, a successful company she had founded in the UK which was subsequently absorbed in 1991, Ghislaine had to rely on her personal compass, inner resilience and sheer determination to build a fresh life for herself. Her prior 'big pictur

### Match 6
> e all quite proud when she graduated from Oxford with her Bachelor's degree. She, learned early on the value of hard work Around 1990, Ghislaine came to live in New York to continue Maxwell Corporate Gifts, a successful company she had founded in the UK which was subsequently absorbed in 1991, Ghislaine had to rely on her personal compass, inner resilience and sheer determination to build a fresh life for herself. Her prior 'big picture' experience, top-level entertaining skills and talent for organizing, coupled with her multi-cultural and multi-lingual sophistication, opened doors into New Yo

### Match 7
> ce and sheer determination to build a fresh life for herself. Her prior 'big picture' experience, top-level entertaining skills and talent for organizing, coupled with her multi-cultural and multi-lingual sophistication, opened doors into New York society. Although it is true that for many years Ghislaine was frequently involved in high society and attended fashionable social gatherings; what irks me greatly is the press's one dimensional `socialite' focus on Ghislaine, that completely denies and refuses to acknowledge the very serious, highly intellectual and passionate caring sides of Ghislaine

### Match 8
> her multi-cultural and multi-lingual sophistication, opened doors into New York society. Although it is true that for many years Ghislaine was frequently involved in high society and attended fashionable social gatherings; what irks me greatly is the press's one dimensional `socialite' focus on Ghislaine, that completely denies and refuses to acknowledge the very serious, highly intellectual and passionate caring sides of Ghislaine. For example, since 2003, Ghislaine devoted all her energy, her own financial resources and intellectual skills to helping save the Oceans, through her establishment

### Match 9
> Ghislaine was frequently involved in high society and attended fashionable social gatherings; what irks me greatly is the press's one dimensional `socialite' focus on Ghislaine, that completely denies and refuses to acknowledge the very serious, highly intellectual and passionate caring sides of Ghislaine. For example, since 2003, Ghislaine devoted all her energy, her own financial resources and intellectual skills to helping save the Oceans, through her establishment of the not-for-profit company, The Terramar Project Ghislaine's deep knowledge and appreciation of the significant role the oceans

### Match 10
> high society and attended fashionable social gatherings; what irks me greatly is the press's one dimensional `socialite' focus on Ghislaine, that completely denies and refuses to acknowledge the very serious, highly intellectual and passionate caring sides of Ghislaine. For example, since 2003, Ghislaine devoted all her energy, her own financial resources and intellectual skills to helping save the Oceans, through her establishment of the not-for-profit company, The Terramar Project Ghislaine's deep knowledge and appreciation of the significant role the oceans play in our world's fragile ecosyst
