# EFTA02436600

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD, ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation, philanthrop, mit

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent|Tue, Sep 8, 2009 9:07 am|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[ORG]:** ke and heart attack. Stuff like that! Since you've been out of the loop some interesting stuff has happened to me. I've been writing for the FT style section (under a fake name) and friendly with some of the fancy designer types. Good practice for me! Still working on Special Initiatives at the Gates Foundation and also reviewing the very crazy stuff that comes our way. I think you have a much better sense of the real vs. fake than Bill does. I manage several different portfolios of Special Projects whose grants/commitments total about $315M. It's crazy to think about the amount of money. Wow.

**[WORD]:** ll be Mayor of Harare (in Zimbabwe) for a week. I'm excited about that! Also still doing brain surgery and contemplating going back for more training (only because EFTA_R1_01509153 EFTA02436601 the non-invasive/high tech stuff is making me feel like a dinosaur!). I just don't want to leave my Gates job and a little worried if I take any more time to be a doe, they will fire me. Not sure what to do but ultimately, I think I have more longevity as a superfly doe than I do working at the Foundation. Steve is doing fine - we just celebrated being together 10 years. Who would've thought? He's

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmaitcom] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 9/8/2009 4:16:45 PM 
Subject 
Re: 
well indeed... 
i had to get numbers for my dots too. 
my cancer came back earlier this year and i wanted to ease back into workouts. 
we did 7 trials of three different exercises (hot yoga, water running, weights) 
we measured my VO2 max, core temperature, EKG, etc. 
we also got serious with my joints (i had to have bony surgery in addition to belly surgery) so we 
used a goniometer to measure joint space improvement and a galvanic meter to measure surface 
change near the joint. 
i had weekly ultrasound, CBC and liver function tests. 
over a 12 week period, i alternated with 4 weeks of each and guess which one showed the most 
dramatic improvement on every single metric? 
i didn't want to try hot yoga and i thought it was stupid. lots of drama queens and women with 
issues looking for attention, blah blab blah. but, numbers don't lie. 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Sent: Tue, Sep 8, 2009 9:07 am 
Subject: Re: 
you need to back up your hot yoga benfits with real numbers.. the doe's in new york see more hot 
yoga or iyengar devotees , than any other excercise regimen including weights 
On Tue, Sep 8, 2009 at 12:01 PM, 
wrote: 
oh my. someone has been feeding you misinformation. first of all, we have a hypothalamus and 
the sweat that is released during hot yoga ensures that our internal organs and core 
temperature remains constant. second, it isn't endorphins that are released. It's more likely 
acetylcholine or nitric oxide. it's paradoxical because it is highly parasympathetic but still has 
elevated heart rate - probably as a result of the vagus nerve in check. it is very interesting that 
people who do yoga do not catch infectious disease, alzheimers or parkinsons. it's not the fake 
converse thing where you can say that alzheimers/parkinsons/sick people can't do yoga...it's 
the real deal. if you do a lot of yoga for a lot of years, you just dont get sick from diseases that 
are traditionally neurotransmitter-mediated. it's also super interesting that women who get 
botox and do hot yoga only have the effects of the botox for 2-4 weeks (1/3 the regular time). 
i've measured my temperature during yoga and tracked heart rate with an ckg. very interesting. 
too much to type! 
hang on more soon... 
EFTA_R1_01509152 
EFTA02436600

 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jecvacationegmail.com>
To: 
Sent: Mon, Sep 7, 2009 11:26 pm 
Subject: Re: 
lots of science people.. code breaking, signal processing. pychophann, membrane computing. all 
fun.. HOt yoga is not healthy, internal organ temp too high, of course you like it, endo-release 
up to kazoo.. liver chem goes way off---Do you have a metric for success of the philanthropy. 
Mayor of Harare, sounds great. salary billion dollars a day. 
On Mon, Sep 7, 2009 at 11:49 PM, 
wrote: 
Well, I certainly have missed you. 
I know that you are a keen observer and probably took away some interesting lessons. 
I'm sorry that you had to go through all this crap - 
Are you still doing science? Some super cool stuff out there. 
I've also got some very crazy ideas of my own that we should talk about. Crazy even for me, 
but probably right. I think herpes causes a few types of heart disease and treating it prevents 
stroke and heart attack. Stuff like that! 
Since you've been out of the loop some interesting stuff has happened to me. 
I've been writing for the FT style section (under a fake name) and friendly with some of the 
fancy designer types. Good practice for me! 
Still working on Special Initiatives at the Gates Foundation and also reviewing the very crazy 
stuff that comes our way. I think you have a much better sense of the real vs. fake than Bill 
does. 
I manage several different portfolios of Special Projects whose grants/commitments total 
about $315M. It's crazy to think about the amount of money. Wow. 
In November I am doing my annual site vists in Africa (I try to do them all at once, Africa is a 
tough place to be) and during that time I will be Mayor of Harare (in Zimbabwe) for a week. 
I'm excited about that! 
Also still doing brain surgery and contemplating going back for more training (only because 
EFTA_R1_01509153 
EFTA02436601

the non-invasive/high tech stuff is making me feel like a dinosaur!). I just don't want to leave 
my Gates job and a little worried if I take any more time to be a doe, they will fire me. Not 
sure what to do but ultimately, I think I have more longevity as a superfly doe than I do 
working at the Foundation. 
Steve is doing fine - we just celebrated being together 10 years. Who would've thought? He's 
way up there at MSFT these days and pretty much hates his job. 
I discovered hot yoga after all these years. Love it! 
Well, I think that's about it for the past few months that you have been away. 
I really have missed you a lot. 
Hope that you arc starting to feel back to normal and if there is anything I can do for you 
please let me know? 
Love,M 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA_R1_01509154 
EFTA02436602

Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ieevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01509155 
EFTA02436603

