# EFTA02580527

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Farkas, Andrew L. < Sent: Monday, January 27, 2014 1:48 AM To: Biegel, Chelsie Cc: Lieber, Robert; ljeevacation@gmail.com' Subject: Pitch Schedule 1) RCL is supposed to be in contact with Casey Kriedman, ASAP, to schedule = pitch to the JP Morgan Wealth Mgt team. Let's make sure this gets schedul=d asap

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. < 
Sent: 
Monday, January 27, 2014 1:48 AM 
To: 
Biegel, Chelsie 
Cc: 
Lieber, Robert; ljeevacation@gmail.com' 
Subject: 
Pitch Schedule 
1) RCL is supposed to be in contact with Casey Kriedman, ASAP, to schedule = pitch to the JP Morgan Wealth Mgt team. 
Let's make sure this gets schedul=d asap. 
2) Please contact the office of Jeffery Epstein. He is going to organize an=appointment for us to make a presentation to 
the sovereign wealth fund of =orway. I need you and RCL to organize this through his office as well. Tha=ks. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary,=privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, =r otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or und=r applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby n=tified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, dissemi=ating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including=any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this me=sage in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the messa=e (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in=electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be =onsidered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any ag=eement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of whi=h 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Gro=p LLC or such affiliate. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>281042</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integeralinteger> 
<key>flags</ke > 
<integer 
/integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>383592</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01756136 
EFTA02580527

