# EFTA02279128

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Guan Chen "MI=|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Fwd: Order of the Golden Sphinx Contribution|

---

**[WORD]:** 019 at 2:27:40 PM EDT To: Subject: rtki.ale olden Sphinx Contribution EFTA_R1_01097184 EFTA02279128 Dear I hope all is well! My name is Guan, and I am coordinating the Hasty Pudding Institute's Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala this year. Maddie Hagen gave me your email. I received word from Andrew Farkas that Mr. Epstein has generously agreed to contribute $50,000 to the Hasty Pudding Institute for the Gala. We are so appreciative of his donation and continued support over the years, which directly impacts and improves our programming. I just wanted to check in on his preferred method o

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Rich Kahn 
Cc: 
Bella Klei 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Re: Order of the Golden Sphinx Contribution 
Wed 3/13/2019 7:39:31 PM 
great! thanks 
On Mar 13, 2019, at 3:25 PM, Richard Kahn 
wrote: 
jee approved 50,000 from Gratitude (same as last year) 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Subject: Fwd: Order of the Golden Sphinx Contribution 
Date: March 13, 2019 at 2:38:18 PM EDT 
• 
• 
•<' 
ion 
mail com>, Rich Kahn 
Please see below and advise re your donation 
Sent from my iPhonc 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Guan Chen "MI= 
Date: March 13, 2019 at 2:27:40 PM EDT 
To: 
Subject: rtki.ale olden Sphinx Contribution 
EFTA_R1_01097184 
EFTA02279128

Dear 
I hope all is well! My name is Guan, and I am coordinating the Hasty Pudding 
Institute's Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala this year. 
Maddie Hagen gave me your email. 
I received word from Andrew Farkas that Mr. Epstein has generously agreed 
to contribute $50,000 to the Hasty Pudding Institute for 
the Gala. We are so appreciative of his donation and 
continued support over the years, which directly impacts 
and improves our programming. 
I just wanted to check in on his preferred method of making this donation 
(check, credit, or direct deposit), and if there is anything I 
could do to help facilitate. If it has already been made, 
please let me know the method so I can confirm that it 
arrives safely. 
Many thanks again to Mr. Epstein for his generous support! 
Best, 
Guan 
Guan-Yue Chen 
Project Coordinator and Alumni Manager 
Hast Puddin Institute 
EFTA_R1_01097185 
EFTA02279129

