# EFTA02434112

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com>|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffre E tein'eevacationegmall.comj From: Sent Sat 12/5/2009 5:17:31 PM Subject: Re: May be they have changed the test from Saturday to monday. - I am checking Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> Date: Sat, 5 Dec 2009 11:16:18 -0500 To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: meagan says she has a test on monday --can you check? The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffre E tein'eevacationegmall.comj 
From: 
Sent 
Sat 12/5/2009 5:17:31 PM 
Subject: Re: 
May be they have changed the test from Saturday to monday. - I am checking 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 5 Dec 2009 11:16:18 -0500 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
meagan says she has a test on monday --can you check? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01 505604 
EFTA02434112

