# EFTA00030581 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Oral Argument Statement LR34.1(a) FILED"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> f Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 10/08/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: ORAL ARGUMENT STATEMENT LR 34.1 (a), on behalf of filer Attorney S Esq. for Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 10/08/2020 by CM/ECF. [2948491] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: , Deputy Clerk Calendar E-Box, - The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document Description: Oral Argument Statement

### Match 2
> f Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 10/08/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: ORAL ARGUMENT STATEMENT LR 34.1 (a), on behalf of filer Attorney S Esq. for Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 10/08/2020 by CM/ECF. [2948491] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: , Deputy Clerk Calendar E-Box, - The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document Description: Oral Argument St

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> To: Subject: 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Oral Argument Statement LR34.1(a) FILED" Date: Thu, 08 Oct 2020 20:57:12 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents f

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 10/08/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: ORAL ARGUMENT STATEMENT LR 34.1 (a), on behalf of filer Attorney S Esq. for Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 10/08/2020 by CM/ECF. [2948491] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in
