# EFTA02413518

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Sun Jun 13 04:39:10 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.conteevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 6/13/2010 11:28:34 AM Subject: Re: I will not. 6/17 is my actual 50th birthday so I am coming to he beach w/ the whole family 6/16-6/20. I will be happy to introduce you to barry. When are you next around after this week's interval? From: Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmail.com> T

**[WORD]:** Sun 6/13/2010 11:28:34 AM Subject: Re: I will not. 6/17 is my actual 50th birthday so I am coming to he beach w/ the whole family 6/16-6/20. I will be happy to introduce you to barry. When are you next around after this week's interval? From: Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sun Jun 13 04:39:10 2010 Subject: I will be in new york , thurs and fri.. arc you around.? I would like to meet Stemlicht. sometime../ MM. The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is i

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.conteevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Sun 6/13/2010 11:28:34 AM 
Subject: Re: 
I will not. 6/17 is my actual 50th birthday so I am coming to he beach w/ the whole family 6/16-6/20. I will be 
happy to introduce you to barry. When are you next around after this week's interval? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Sun Jun 13 04:39:10 2010 
Subject: 
I will be in new york , thurs and fri.. arc you around.? I would like to meet Stemlicht. 
sometime../ 
MM. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01476069 
EFTA02413518

