# EFTA02551705

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2012 8:45 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: No Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Mar 21, 2012, at 7:40 PM, "Eva Dubin " wrote: > That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? > Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry > Original Message > From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> > Date: We

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2012 8:45 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: No Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Mar 21, 2012, at 7:40 PM, "Eva Dubin " wrote: > That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? > Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry > Original Message > From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> > Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 > To: > Subject: Re: > he will do it „ no need to pay > On Wed, Mar 21, 2012 a

**[FULL]:** > That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? > Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry > Original Message > From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> > Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 > To: > Subject: Re: > he will do it „ no need to pay > On Wed, Mar 21, 2012 at 6:51 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: > Is there any chance I could hire Janusz to driveo the Carribean R=sort, outside of Orlando, on Monday? It's 2 hours and 40 minutes from Palm B=ach. > ***** ******** ***** ***** ***** ******* ******************* ***** > The information contained in this communication is confidential,

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 21, 2012 8:45 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
No 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 21, 2012, at 7:40 PM, "Eva Dubin " 
wrote: 
> That is unbelievable. I want to pay him though. Can I? 
> Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
> 
Original Message 
> From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
> Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 17:57:04 
> To: 
> Subject: Re: 
> he will do it „ no need to pay 
> On Wed, Mar 21, 2012 at 6:51 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
> Is there any chance I could hire Janusz to driveo 
the Carribean R=sort, outside of Orlando, on Monday? It's 2 
hours and 40 minutes from Palm B=ach. 
> ***** ******** ***** ***** ***** ******* ******************* ***** 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and 
> is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
> unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please 
> notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
> jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> , and destroy 
> this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
> copyright -all rights reserved 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>214177</integer> 
EFTA_R1_01707977 
EFTA02551705

<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>04integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1332362555</integer> 
<kepflags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>212722</string> 
</diet> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01707978 
EFTA02551706

