# EFTA02514582

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"jeffrey E."|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, December 14, 2014 10:48 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: miami, new york? cold sick?= On Sun= Dec 14, 2014 at 6:47 PM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: I am kind of sick .... I am at airport Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:14/12/2014 17:45 (GMT-05:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: please note The infor

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, December 14, 2014 10:48 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: miami, new york? cold sick?= On Sun= Dec 14, 2014 at 6:47 PM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: I am kind of sick .... I am at airport Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:14/12/2014 17:45 (GMT-05:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may

**[FULL]:** December 14, 2014 10:48 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: miami, new york? cold sick?= On Sun= Dec 14, 2014 at 6:47 PM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: I am kind of sick .... I am at airport Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:14/12/2014 17:45 (GMT-05:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communica

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, December 14, 2014 10:48 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
miami, new york? cold sick?= 
On Sun= Dec 14, 2014 at 6:47 PM, Jean Luc Brunel 
wrote: 
I am kind of sick .... I am at airport 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
 Original message 
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:14/12/2014 17:45 (GMT-05:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note=br> 
EFTA_R1_01648396 
EFTA02514582

The information contained in this communication is confidential= may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, =nd is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of=br>JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication=or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you =ave 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately =y return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= target.> , and destroy this communic=tion and all copies 
thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all =ights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01648397 
EFTA02514583

