# EFTA02304106

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Karyna Shuliak < Sent: Sunday, February 15, 2015 10:37 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Thank you Eva! I could not possibly wish for any better =reatment for her! You have been so kind to us! About Dr. Fasano, I think she knows because =ou were with us but we never really =poke about it with her. On =eb 15, 2015, at 5:19 PM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Good I will put

**[FULL]:** bruary 15, 2015 10:37 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Thank you Eva! I could not possibly wish for any better =reatment for her! You have been so kind to us! About Dr. Fasano, I think she knows because =ou were with us but we never really =poke about it with her. On =eb 15, 2015, at 5:19 PM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Good I will put it in my =alendar and will let you know that day if I can make it. I am so happy she is =ith Kolker. Fasano knows that we are very good friends right? Sent from my iPhone On Feb =5, 2015, at 5:16 PM, Karyna Shuliak < > wrote: Hi Eva, I wanted to give you an upda

**[FULL]:** ng to see Dr. Fassano =n Friday, February 27th at 11:40am for the medical clearance, since Dr. =assano is off the week after. Once again thank you very much for all =our help! Karyna. On Jan =6, 2015, at 3:45 PM, Karyna Shuliak < > wrote: Thank you so much Eva!!! On Jan =6, 2015, at 2:56 PM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Hi Karyna, EFTA_R1_01176493 EFTA02304106 I spoke to Dr. =olker's office. It's totally fine for your mom to =o in and do her pre-op a week before surgery. Please email or =all Jillian (11 .> / IM) directly =o set up the new appointment. Important to remember is that two =eeks befor

**[FULL]:** ointment just email or call Melissa =ellia This =hould be all you need. Once surgery is done she needs to stay =ere for at least two weeks before she can go back. Eva Subject: Re: RE: From: Date: Sun 25 Jan =015 10:48:45 -0500 CC: To: Thank you very much =va! On Jan 25, 2015, at 10:46 AM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: ok I will check. Tell me her full name again = > From: > Subject: =e: > Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -0500 > To: 2 EFTA_R1_01176494 EFTA02304107 > Thank =ou Eva! > On February 23rd she has an appointment with Dr. Fasano =nd a pre-op appointment with Dr. Kolker. On March 9

**[FULL]:** > Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -0500 > To: 2 EFTA_R1_01176494 EFTA02304107 > Thank =ou Eva! > On February 23rd she has an appointment with Dr. Fasano =nd a pre-op appointment with Dr. Kolker. On March 9th she is scheduled =or the surgery with Dr. Kolker. > On =an 25, 2015, at 10:12 AM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: > =gt; >=> That is a long time Doesn't seem right. > =gt; Send me the appts you have now and I will help you figure it =ut. » =ent from my iPhone > =gt;> On Jan 25, 2015, at 8:58 AM, Karyna Shuliak > wrote: > =gt;> >» Hi Eva, >>> > =gt;> Jeffrey suggested that I ask you this:

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Karyna Shuliak < 
Sent: 
Sunday, February 15, 2015 10:37 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
Thank you Eva! I could not possibly wish for any better =reatment for her! You have been so kind to us! 
About Dr. Fasano, I think she knows because =ou were with us 
but we never really =poke about it 
with her. 
On =eb 15, 2015, at 5:19 PM, Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
Good 
I will put it in my =alendar and will let you know that day if I can make it. 
I am so happy she is =ith Kolker. 
Fasano knows that we are very good friends right? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb =5, 2015, at 5:16 PM, Karyna Shuliak < 
> wrote: 
Hi Eva, 
I wanted to give you an updated appointment time for 
=n case you would still like to come 
with (only if it is convenient for =ou!). She now has a pre-op appointment with Dr. Kolker on Monday March =nd at 
11:15am. 
And she is going to see Dr. Fassano =n Friday, February 27th at 11:40am for the medical clearance, since 
Dr. =assano is off the week after. 
Once again thank you very much for all =our help! 
Karyna. 
On Jan =6, 2015, at 3:45 PM, Karyna Shuliak < 
> wrote: 
Thank you so much Eva!!! 
On Jan =6, 2015, at 2:56 PM, Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
Hi Karyna, 
EFTA_R1_01176493 
EFTA02304106

I spoke to Dr. =olker's office. It's totally fine for your mom to =o in and do her pre-op a 
week before surgery. Please email or =all Jillian (11
.> / 
IM) directly =o set up the new appointment. Important to remember is that two =eeks before surgery she cannot take 
any NSAIDs (that includes Motrin, =dvil and any other anti-inflammatory drugs), as well as aspirin of =ourse or any other 
blood thinners, including fish oil. 
To =eschedule the Dr. Fassano appointment just email or call Melissa =ellia 
This =hould be all you need. Once surgery is done she needs to stay =ere for at least 
two weeks before she can go back. 
Eva 
Subject: Re: RE: 
From: 
Date: Sun 25 Jan =015 10:48:45 -0500 
CC: 
To: 
Thank you very much =va! 
On Jan 25, 2015, at 10:46 AM, Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
ok I will check. 
Tell me her full name again = 
> From: 
> Subject: =e: 
> Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -0500 
> To: 
2 
EFTA_R1_01176494 
EFTA02304107

> Thank =ou Eva! 
> On February 23rd she has an appointment with Dr. Fasano =nd a pre-op 
appointment with Dr. Kolker. On March 9th she is scheduled =or the surgery with Dr. Kolker. 
> On =an 25, 2015, at 10:12 AM, Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
> =gt; 
>=> That is a long time 
Doesn't seem right. 
> =gt; Send me the appts you have now and I will help you figure it =ut. 
» =ent from my iPhone 
> =gt;> On Jan 25, 2015, at 8:58 AM, Karyna Shuliak 
> wrote: 
> =gt;> 
>» Hi Eva, 
>>> 
> =gt;> Jeffrey suggested that I ask you this: does it seem normal that =he pre-
operative appointment with the plastic surgeon fo 
= weeks before the first surgery in order for her to get 
a medical =learance? Jeffrey thinks 2 weeks seem like a long time for that or is =t how it is usually done? 
> » 
> =gt;> Thank you for your time! 
>>> 
> =gt;> Karyna. 
</=iv> 
<=div> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01176495 
EFTA02304108

