# EFTA02697412

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: RE:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Or Sent: Saturday, March 24, 2012 6:22 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: RE: Please come and visit us in PB afterwards. Our plane is going down empty from NY Friday morning if you want anyone to =ome down.... Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey eps

**[FULL]:** y morning if you want anyone to =ome down.... Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sat, 24 Mar 2012 16:48:33 To: Subject: Re: RE: Paris =0A=orry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone =0A=n Mar 24, 2012, at 5:21 PM, "Eva Dubin " <evadubin@hotmail.com> wrote: =OA= In Palm Beach. S0000 nice. Where are you? = Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry = = Original Message = From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> = Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 15:10:28 = To: > = Subject: Re: RE: = Ok = Sorry for all the typos .Sent f

**[FULL]:** Beach. S0000 nice. Where are you? = Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry = = Original Message = From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> = Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 15:10:28 = To: > = Subject: Re: RE: = Ok = Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone = = On Mar 20, 2012, at 3:51 PM, Eva Dubin <mailto > > wrote: = I'm sorry we won't be able to - we have to go to Duke for a college tour =n March 31st. = Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 13:43:54 +0100 = Subject: = From: 'eevacation mail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> = To: <mailt = = are you going to try to come to the island on sunda

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin Or 
Sent: 
Saturday, March 24, 2012 6:22 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: RE: 
Please come and visit us in PB afterwards. 
Our plane is going down empty from NY Friday morning if you want anyone to =ome down.... 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 24 Mar 2012 16:48:33 
To: 
Subject: Re: RE: 
Paris 
=0A=orry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone =0A=n Mar 24, 2012, at 5:21 PM, "Eva Dubin " 
<evadubin@hotmail.com> wrote: 
=OA= In Palm Beach. S0000 nice. Where are you? 
= Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry = = 
Original Message 
= From: Jeffrey epstein 
<jeevacation@gmail.com> = Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 15:10:28 = To: 
> = Subject: Re: RE: 
= Ok 
= Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone = = On Mar 20, 2012, at 3:51 PM, Eva Dubin 
<mailto
> > wrote: 
= I'm sorry we won't be able to - we have to go to Duke for a college tour =n March 31st.  
 
= Date: 
Tue, 20 Mar 2012 13:43:54 +0100 = Subject: 
= From: 'eevacation 
mail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> = To: 
<mailt 
= = are you going to try to come to the island on sunday the 1st. or sat t=e 31st. ??I 
am going to fly from europe straight there. 
= 
= The information contained in this communication is = confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may = constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for = the use of the addressee. It is the property of = Jeffrey Epstein = 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this = communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited = and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this = communication in error, please notify us immediately by = return e-mail or by e-
mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ailcom> , and = destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof, = including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"b <!DOCTYPE plist 
PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
alict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
EFTA_R1_02055364 
EFTA02697412

<I nteger>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1332613340</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>27</integer> 
<integer>7</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>213265</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_02055365 
EFTA02697413

