# EFTA02398447

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation, mit

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Franci= Barany|
|To|An=hony Barrett <|
|Sent||
|Subject|Confidential: Ea=ly detection of Ebola|

---

**[ORG]:** =br> Anthony Barrett Begin forwar=ed message: From: Franci= Barany Date: October 8, 2014 . . To: An=hony Barrett < =b>Cc: Michael Gargano > Subject: Confidential: Ea=ly detection of Ebola Dear Anthony, I really appreciate your willingness to find a potential pathway to Bil= Gates and the Gates Foundation. By way of introduction, I have been a Professor at Weill-Cornell for th= last 30 years, and am best known for having invented the Ligase C=ain Reaction (LCR) and the Universal Array. I hold 46 issued US prtents, a number of which have led to commercial tests to diagnose genetic diseases (i.e.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
A Barrett 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 8, 2014 10:29 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: Confidential: Early detection of Ebola 
Hi Jeffrey, 
A=y interest in helping on this. I know last time you and Francis did not hit=it off. Nevertheless he has been successful as 
a scientist and is really no= a "people' person. 
He claims he can develo= the tools to diagnose Ebola before it becomes symtomatic. 
=br> 
Anthony Barrett 
Begin forwar=ed message: 
From: Franci= Barany 
Date: October 8, 2014 
. . 
To: An=hony Barrett < 
=b>Cc: Michael Gargano 
> 
Subject: Confidential: Ea=ly detection of Ebola 
Dear Anthony, 
I really appreciate your willingness to find a potential pathway to Bil= Gates and the Gates Foundation. 
By way of introduction, I have been a Professor at Weill-Cornell for th= last 30 years, and am best known for 
having invented the Ligase C=ain Reaction (LCR) and the Universal Array. I hold 46 issued US prtents, a number of which 
have led to commercial tests to diagnose genetic diseases (i.e. cystic fibrosis, MLPA tests, D=NSR for NIPD of trisomy), 
and identify diseases using DNA microarrays a=d targeted Next-Gen sequencing. Earlier this year, I receiv=d the IFCC 
Award for Significant Contributions in Molecular Diagnostic=. 
I have been collaborating with Dr. Linnie Golightly of our Center for G=obal Health/Infectious Disease Division 
for the past decade, work=ng together closely to develop multiplexed PCR-LDR assays for Category=A Biothreat agents, 
including all the major viral hemorrhagic fever viruses (VHF; ebolavirus, marburgvirus Crimean Congo=nbsp;hemorrhagic 
fever virus, Lassa fever virus, Rift Valley fever vir=s, Dengue virus, and Yellow fever virus). (Kindly see belo= abstract of 
manuscript just being submitted). In addition, in collaboration with Professor Soper at UNC, we have been building 
=icro-fabricated devices to rapidly detect pathogens. 
Most recently, we have begun designing micro-fabricated devices that wi=l allow for electronic detection, 
obviating the need for expensiv= hardware used in most fluorescent detection schemes (i.e. Taqman assa=s). As such, 
we are poised to combine these technologies for rapidly identifying and providing quantitative viral load for=all the VHF, 
EFTA_R1_01432417 
EFTA02398447

Variola, Malaria or other Category A pathogens directly f=om a drop of blood, with the next level of such devices 
suitable f=r working in developing countries, and may be powered and run by a cell phone or smart device. 
• 
Current CDC approved EZ1-RT-P=R Taqman assay has LOD of 5,000 PFU/ml. This works when patient 
is&nbs=;febrile, i.e. has overt symptoms and may be contagious. 
• 
Next level of assay needs to b=> 100-fold more sensitive. We know how to address this issue. 
• 
This would allow for identifi=ation of individuals with early viral replication in their blood 4>=94before they 
are contagious, so they may be isolated, and further,&nb=p;early detection may improve outcomes. 
Would your contacts be able to help us, so in turn we may help protect o=r country? 
Most appreciated, 
Francis & Linnie 
Dr. Francis Barany 
Dept of Microbiology & Immunology 
Box 62 Rm B-406 
Weill Cornell Medical College 
barany@med.cornell.edu <mailto:
Linnie Golightly, MD 
Associate Professor of Clinical Medicine 
and Microbiology & Immunology 
Center for Global Health 
Division of Infectious Diseases 
Weill Cornell Medical College 
A Multiplex PCR/LDR Assay for the Simultaneous Identification of C=tegory A Infectious Pathogens: Agents of 
Viral Hemorrhagic Fever and V=riola Virus 
Das S.1, Rundell M.S.2, Mirza A.H.2, Pingle M.R.2, Shigyo K.1, Garrison=A.R.3, Paragas J.4, Smith S. K.5, Olson V. 
A.5, Larone D.H.2, 6,&=bsp;Spitzer E.D.7, Barany F.2 and Golightly L.M.1, 2 
1. Department of Medicine, Division of Infectious Diseases, Weill Medic=l College of Cornell University, New 
York, NY 
2. Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Weill Medical College of C=rnell University, New York, NY 
3. United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases= Frederick, MD. 
4. Integrated Research Facility, Division of Clinical Research, N=AID, NIH, Ft. Detrick, MD 
2 
EFTA_R1_01432418 
EFTA02398448

5. Poxvirus Team, Poxvirus and Rabies Branch, Division of High Conseque=ce Pathogens and Pathology, National 
Center of Emerging Zoonotic a=d Infectious Diseases, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,&nbs=;Atlanta, GA 
6. Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Weill Medical Colle=e of Cornell University, New York, NY 
7. Department of Pathology, Stony Brook University Medical Center, Ston= Brook, NY 
ABSTRACT 
CDC designated category A infectious agents pose a major risk to nation=l security and require special action for 
public health prep=redness. They include viruses that cause viral hemorrhagic fever=(VHF) syndrome as well as variola 
virus, the agent of smallpox. VHF is characterized by hemorrhage and fever with multi-organ&nb=p;failure leading to 
high mortality and morbidity. Smallpox, a p=ior scourge, has been eradicated for decades making it a particul=rly 
serious threat if released nefariously in the essentially non-immu=e world population. Early detection of the causative 
agents a=d ability to distinguish them from other pathogens is essential to&nbs=;contain outbreaks, implement proper 
control measures and prevent morb=dity and mortality. We have developed a multiplex detection= assay that uses 
several species-specific PCR primers to generate ampli=ons from multiple pathogens; these are then targeted in a ligase 
d=tection reaction (LDR). The resultant fluorescently-labeled=ligation products are detected on a universal array 
enabling simultaneous identification of the pathogens. The assay was=evaluated on 32 different isolates associated with 
VHF (ebolavirus,&nb=p;marburgvirus Crimean Congo hemorrhagic fever virus, Lassa fever viru=, Rift Valley fever virus, 
Dengue virus, and Yellow fever virus) as well as variola virus and vaccinia virus (the agent of small=ox and its vaccine 
strain, respectively). The assay was abl= to detect all viruses tested including 8 sequences representative&nbs=;of 
different variola virus strains from the CDC repository. It does not cross react with other emerging zoonoses such a= 
monkeypox virus or cowpox virus, or six flaviviruses tested (St. Loui= encephalitis virus, Murray Valley Encephalitis virus, 
Powassan v=rus, Tick-borne encephalitis virus, West Nile virus and Japanese encephalitis virus►. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01432419 
EFTA02398449

