# EFTA02440192

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:Jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Monday, July 20, 2009 6:01 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacationagmail.comj From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Mon 7/20/2009 10:18:19 PM Subject RE: rm back in ny the week of aug 3 and would be happy to meet with briger and bring darren with me to get a better idea. let me know if there's anything else i can do before then. g From: Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:Jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Mond

**[WORD]:** :18:19 PM Subject RE: rm back in ny the week of aug 3 and would be happy to meet with briger and bring darren with me to get a better idea. let me know if there's anything else i can do before then. g From: Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:Jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Monday, July 20, 2009 6:01 PM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: spoke to darren , he said that they were trying to be forthcoming butsaid they really didn't and wouldn't have a handle on the real numbers until Sept oct. This c-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. If you are

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacationagmail.comj 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent 
Mon 7/20/2009 10:18:19 PM 
Subject RE: 
rm back in ny the week of aug 3 and would be happy to meet with briger and bring darren with me to get a 
better idea. let me know if there's anything else i can do before then. g 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mallto:Jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, July 20, 2009 6:01 PM 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Subject: 
spoke to darren , he said that they were trying to be forthcoming butsaid they really didn't and 
wouldn't have a handle on the real numbers until Sept oct. 
This c-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01514066 
EFTA02440192

