# EFTA02300659

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, August 31, 2016 10:03 PM To: Kris Fuchs; Karyna Shuliak Subject: Re: Kris Fuchs /Eva Dubins friend yes, please send all info On Wed, Aug 31, 2016 =t 6:01 PM, Kris Fuchs > wrote: Dear Jeffrey I hope you're well since I last spoke to you in the spring.=C2 I wanted to know if you're looking for a house keeper. I have so=eone who's been with me 3 summers and she needs a full-time job w

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, August 31, 2016 10:03 PM 
To: 
Kris Fuchs; Karyna Shuliak 
Subject: 
Re: Kris Fuchs /Eva Dubins friend 
yes, please send all info 
On Wed, Aug 31, 2016 =t 6:01 PM, Kris Fuchs 
> wrote: 
Dear Jeffrey 
I hope you're well since I last spoke to you in the spring.=C2 I wanted to know if you're looking for a house keeper. I 
have so=eone who's been with me 3 summers and she needs a full-time job which = can't give her. I hate to lose her 
next summer but I would like=to recommend her to you if you're still interested looking for a full-=ime housekeeper. she 
is legal her name is Isabella and I just adore her. P=ofessional and my home is spotless organized etc 
Let me know if you want to meet her. 
B=st, 
K 
Kris Fuchs 
4=iv> 
Founder, 
Lavender Fields Communications 
<=div> 
=font> 
<=r> 
=AO please note 
The information contained in this communicati=n is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute=inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. =t is the property of JEE Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of =his communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may=be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please n=tify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com> , and =estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01167609 
EFTA02300659

