# EFTA02559264

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** twit=er @lhsummers EFTA_R1_01719526 EFTA02559264 Begin forwarded message: From: Kelly Friendly Date: December 2, 2017 at 8:16:13 AM EST To: Lawrence Henry Summers <mailto Subject: Fwd: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? Did you see this Ke=lv Friendl Begin forwarded message: From: Andrew Friendly <andrewfriendly@gmail.com <mailto:andrewfriendly@gmai=.com» Date: December 2 2017 at 7:29:07 AM EST To: Kelly Friendly Subject: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? https://www.facebook.com/senatorsandersivide=s/10156545332157908/ <https://www.facebook.com/senatorsandersivideos/1

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, December 2, 2017 2:36 PM 
To: 
Larry Summers 
Subject: 
Re: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? 
after OJT actually signs it. I'll point ou= the location of the other eggs much more creative - overall =hough, the writers 
were very sophisticated. they closed many m=ny loopholes. and did it elegantly . example closing all=the 1031 crazy 
transactions by merely inserting the word " real"=C2 in from of the word property 
very clever, =C2 or not redoing 
the paragraph but merely changing the pen=lty to zero. . or detailing related party de=initions that had teeth. . they 
cant be faulted for not =etting it right -100 percent :) 
On Sat, Dec 2, 2017 at 9:30 AM, Larry Summe=s 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
I don't know whether to laugh or cry 
Sent from my iPhone 
Please direct all scheduling inquiries to my office at: 
Follow me on twit=er @lhsummers 
On Dec 2, 2017, at 9:29 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gm=il.com» wrote: 
like the hunt for easter eggs. your friend andrew ha= so far only found one . and it was brighly colored 
:) 
On Sat, Dec 2, 2017 at 9:23 AM, Larry Summers 
<mailto: 
> wrote: 
???? 
Se=t from my iPhone 
Please direct all scheduling inquiries to my office at 
Follow me on twit=er @lhsummers 
EFTA_R1_01719526 
EFTA02559264

Begin forwarded message: 
From: Kelly Friendly 
Date: December 2, 2017 at 8:16:13 AM EST 
To: Lawrence Henry Summers 
<mailto 
Subject: Fwd: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? 
Did you see this 
Ke=lv Friendl 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Andrew Friendly <andrewfriendly@gmail.com 
<mailto:andrewfriendly@gmai=.com» 
Date: December 2 2017 at 7:29:07 AM EST 
To: Kelly Friendly 
Subject: A tax loophole for just Jeffrey Epstein? 
https://www.facebook.com/senatorsandersivide=s/10156545332157908/ 
<https://www.facebook.com/senatorsandersivideos/101565453321.7908/> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
2 
EFTA_R1_01719527 
EFTA02559265

communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--94eb2c0cc9664c4755055f5c6850-- conversation-id 905 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1512225375 flags 
8590195717 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 774326 
3 
EFTA_R1_01719528 
EFTA02559266

