# EFTA02407730

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com]|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|11 August 2010 21:09|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** : Jeffrey EpsteinueevacationC8gmail.com] From: The Duke Sent Thur 8/12/2010 8:44:23 AM Subject RE: Of course. I am in Geneva until the morning of 22nd but would be delighted to see her. Will she be bringing a message from you? Please give her my contact details to get in touch. A HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] Sent: 11 August 2010 21:09 To: The Duke Subject: I have a friend who i think you might enjoy having dinner with„ her name iseshe will be london 20-24 The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-clie

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey EpsteinueevacationC8gmail.com] 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent 
Thur 8/12/2010 8:44:23 AM 
Subject RE: 
Of course. I am in Geneva until the morning of 22nd but would be delighted to see 
her. Will she be bringing a message from you? 
Please give her my contact details to get in touch. 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.com] 
Sent: 11 August 2010 21:09 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
I have a friend who i think you might enjoy having dinner with„ her name iseshe will be 
london 20-24 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1467232 
EFTA02407730

