# EFTA02215645

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin|

---

**[FULL]:** To: (Liz Grobel) From: Sent: Tue 6/6/2017 5:27:33 PM Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin Fantastic!! Thank you so very much. Greatly appreciate your help. I will let Eva know. Take care Sent from my iPhone On Jun 6, 2017, at 1:20 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) • wrote: Hi This message will confirm House Seats for OSLO at the Vivian Beaumont Theater (150 West 65th Street): PL

**[FULL]:** PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) • wrote: Hi This message will confirm House Seats for OSLO at the Vivian Beaumont Theater (150 West 65th Street): PLEASE BE SURE TO REVIEW YOUR CONFIRMATION. Date: Tuesday, June 20 Time: 7pm Please note early curtain time* Confirmation 4: 69605 Held Under: Eva Dubin Tickets: 4 (four) Total: $588.00 will be charged to the credit card provided Tickets are available at the Box Office 48 hours prior to the performance date. ALL SALES ARE FINAL. THERE ARE NO REFUNDS OR EXCHANGES ON TICKETS. Please let me know if you have any questions. Best, Liz Elizabeth G

**[FULL]:** ARE NO REFUNDS OR EXCHANGES ON TICKETS. Please let me know if you have any questions. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19" Floor From Sent: Monday, June 05, 2017 4:34 PM To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) ■ Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin EFTA_R1_00943851 EFTA02215645 OK, thank you! n 5 2017 2:53 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) wrote: No update yet. Let me check in and hope to have an answer for you by later today. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Flo

**[FULL]:** o update yet. Let me check in and hope to have an answer for you by later today. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor New York. NY 10174 From: Sent: Monday, June , To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin Hello Liz. Any luck with 4 tickets for Eva?? On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:51 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) rote: Great. Thank you. I'll be back to you ASAP. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19m Floor New York. NY 10174 From: Se

**[FULL]:** Great. Thank you. I'll be back to you ASAP. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19m Floor New York. NY 10174 From: Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) EFTA_R1_00943852 EFTA02215646 Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin she would like an evening performance on only one of the days I have given you...so which ever date you still hold 4 very good house seats, we will take that evening performance...(this being said, July 2nd is out considering it is only a matinee) On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:48 PM, George Lane wrot

**[FULL]:** g performance and July 2nd is only a matinee. Let me know if you have a preference. Thanks. Best, Liz Elizabeth Grobel Office of George Lane Creative Artists Agency 405 Lexington Avenue, 19° Floor 1111111= Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. We would like 4 tickets for the best seats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think have the best seats for an evening show: June 20,21,23,25,29 July 1,2 EFTA_R1_00943853 EFTA02215647 Name should be for Eva Dub

**[FULL]:** a Dubin Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching out. We would like 4 tickets for the best seats possible (top price is fine!) for any of the following nights you think have the best seats for an evening show: June 20,21,23,25,29 July 1,2 EFTA_R1_00943853 EFTA02215647 Name should be for Eva Dubin at Will Call Credit CARD: Amex c I IPPI M I 6/21 9049 9 East 71st Street NY, NY 10021 # on back of card is what works! thank you, On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, Gcor c Lane Asst Liz Cro el Dear Bart Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway. I am happy to arrange ho

**[FULL]:** Credit CARD: Amex c I IPPI M I 6/21 9049 9 East 71st Street NY, NY 10021 # on back of card is what works! thank you, On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, Gcor c Lane Asst Liz Cro el Dear Bart Sher kindly passed on your email regarding OSLO on Broadway. I am happy to arrange house seats for Eva Dubin. House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance date. The full show schedule is viewable at this link: htto://www.Ict.orq/shows/oslo- broadwav/schedule/ Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to submit your request. Date and Time of performance: # of

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
(Liz Grobel) 
From: 
Sent: 
Tue 6/6/2017 5:27:33 PM 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
Fantastic!! Thank you so very much. Greatly appreciate your help. I will let Eva know. Take 
care 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 6, 2017, at 1:20 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) •
wrote: 
Hi 
This message will confirm House Seats for OSLO at the Vivian Beaumont Theater (150 
West 65th Street): 
PLEASE BE SURE TO REVIEW YOUR CONFIRMATION. 
Date: Tuesday, June 20 
Time: 7pm Please note early curtain time* 
Confirmation 4: 69605 
Held Under: Eva Dubin 
Tickets: 4 (four) 
Total: $588.00 will be charged to the credit card provided 
Tickets are available at the Box Office 48 hours prior to the performance date. 
ALL SALES ARE FINAL. THERE ARE NO REFUNDS OR EXCHANGES ON TICKETS. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19" Floor 
From 
Sent: Monday, June 05, 2017 4:34 PM 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) ■ 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
EFTA_R1_00943851 
EFTA02215645

OK, thank you! 
n 5 2017 
2:53 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
wrote: 
No update yet. Let me check in and hope to have an answer for you by 
later today. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19th Floor 
New York. NY 10174 
From: 
Sent: Monday, June 
, 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
Hello Liz. Any luck with 4 tickets for Eva?? 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:51 PM, George Lane Asst (Liz 
Grobel) 
rote: 
Great. Thank you. I'll be back to you ASAP. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19m Floor 
New York. NY 10174 
From: 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
EFTA_R1_00943852 
EFTA02215646

Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
she would like an evening performance on only one of the 
days I have given you...so which ever date you still hold 
4 very good house seats, we will take that evening 
performance...(this being said, July 2nd is out 
considering it is only a matinee) 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 4:48 PM, George Lane 
wrote: 
On June 21m, are you requesting the matinee or 
evening performance? 
Please note that July 1m there is a matinee and 
evening performance and July 2nd is only a 
matinee. Let me know if you have a preference. 
Thanks. 
Best, 
Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19° Floor 
1111111= 
Sent: Friday, June 02, 2017 
To: George Lane Asst (Liz Grobel) 
Subject: Re: OSLO - Eva Dubin 
Fantastic! thank you so much for reaching 
out. 
We would like 4 tickets for the best seats 
possible (top price is fine!) for any of the 
following nights you think have the best 
seats for an evening show: 
June 20,21,23,25,29 
July 1,2 
EFTA_R1_00943853 
EFTA02215647

Name should be for Eva Dubin at Will Call 
Credit CARD: 
Amex 
c 
I
IPPI
M
I 
6/21 
9049 
9 East 71st Street 
NY, NY 10021 
# on back of card is 
what works! thank you, 
On Jun 2, 2017, at 12:25 PM, 
Gcor c Lane Asst Liz Cro el 
Dear 
Bart Sher kindly passed on your 
email regarding OSLO on 
Broadway. I am happy to arrange 
house seats for Eva Dubin. 
House seats range from $147-167 depending on the performance 
date. The full show schedule is 
viewable at this 
link: htto://www.Ict.orq/shows/oslo-
broadwav/schedule/ 
Please let me know the following information and I will be happy to 
submit your request. 
Date and Time of performance: 
# of tickets: 
Name at will-call: 
Name as it appears on credit card: 
Credit card #: 
Expiration date: 
Security code: 
Full Billing Address: 
Please note that there are no refunds or exchanges on house seats. 
Please let me know if you have 
any questions, thanks! 
Best, 
EFTA_R1_00943854 
EFTA02215648

Liz 
Elizabeth Grobel 
Office of George Lane 
Creative Artists Agency 
405 Lexington Avenue, 19° Floor 
New York. NY 10174 
This e-mail and any files transmitted 
with it are intended solely for the use 
of the individual or entity to whom 
they are addressed. If the reader of 
this e-mail is not the intended 
recipient or the employee or agent 
responsible for delivering the message 
to the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any use 
dissemination, forwarding, printing or 
copying of this e-mail is strictly 
prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are 
intended solely for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-
mail is not the intended recipient or the employee or 
agent responsible for delivering the message to the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any 
use dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of 
this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for 
the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If the 
reader of this e-mail is not the intended recipient or the employee or 
agent responsible for delivering the message to the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified that any use dissemination, 
forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are intended solely for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not 
the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the 
message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use 
dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it arc intended solely for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If the reader of this e-mail is not 
the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering the 
message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any use 
dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this e-mail is strictly prohibited. 
EFTA_R1_00943855 
EFTA02215649

