# EFTA02643827

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, July 16, 2017 10:30 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: wow . great. On Sun, Jul 16, 2017 at 6:2= AM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: =AO please note The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is th

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, July 16, 2017 10:30 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: wow . great. On Sun, Jul 16, 2017 at 6:2= AM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: =AO please note The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclos=re or copying of this commun

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, July 16, 2017 10:30 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
wow . great. 
On Sun, Jul 16, 2017 at 6:2= AM, Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--94eb2c1bff5a18d6cb05546cc29b-- conversation-id 38189 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1500200973 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 731077 
1 
EFTA_R1_01879289 
EFTA02643827

