# EFTA00019535 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** kathryn milofsky
- **To:** "
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Important question re USA V Ghislaine Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' (USANYS)" < To: "=, (USANYS)" Cc: (USANYS)" > Subject: Re: Important question re USA V Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Sun, 05 Jul 2020 01:23:54 +0000 No worries at all — we just forward all these to you! Sent from my iPhone On Jul 4, 2020, at 20:36, =, (USANYS) < * wrote: I'll respond and also let them know not to contact you anymore. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 4, 2020, at 7:15 PM, FYI Sent from m

### Match 2
> wrote: I'll respond and also let them know not to contact you anymore. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 4, 2020, at 7:15 PM, FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: kathryn milofsky Date: July 4, 2020 at 19:08:45 EDT To: " (USANYS) < > wrote: Subject: Important question re USA V Ghislaine Maxwell Reply-To: kathryn milofsky < > Dear Mr Rosmiller,Ms Moe, I am Kathryn Milofsky a producer for ITV News in the UK, based in NY. We are the largest commercial broadcaster in the UK, similar in style stature to NBC. We are trying to establish when the bail hearing is in your case USA V Maxwell.

### Match 3
> From: ' (USANYS)" < To: "=, (USANYS)" Cc: (USANYS)" > Subject: Re: Important question re USA V Ghislaine Maxwell Date: Sun, 05 Jul 2020 01:23:54 +0000 No worries at all — we just forward all these to you! Sent from my iPhone On Jul 4, 2020, at 20:36, =, (USANYS) < * wrote: I'll respond and also let them know not to contact you anymore. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 4, 2020, at 7:15 PM, FYI Sen

### Match 4
> wrote: I'll respond and also let them know not to contact you anymore. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 4, 2020, at 7:15 PM, FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: kathryn milofsky Date: July 4, 2020 at 19:08:45 EDT To: " (USANYS) < > wrote: Subject: Important question re USA V Ghislaine Maxwell Reply-To: kathryn milofsky < > Dear Mr Rosmiller,Ms Moe, I am Kathryn Milofsky a producer for ITV News in the UK, based in NY. We are the largest commercial broadcaster in the UK, similar in style stature to NBC. We are trying to establish when the bail hearing is in your case USA V M

### Match 5
> e Maxwell Reply-To: kathryn milofsky < > Dear Mr Rosmiller,Ms Moe, I am Kathryn Milofsky a producer for ITV News in the UK, based in NY. We are the largest commercial broadcaster in the UK, similar in style stature to NBC. We are trying to establish when the bail hearing is in your case USA V Maxwell. Could you be so kind as to let me know. Have a wonderful safe July 4th. Best Kathryn Milofsky Producer ITV News EFTA00019535 EFTA00019536
