# EFTA02480982

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: royal, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Royal Ba=k of Scotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd|

---

**[WORD]:** teresting a= it would yield foreign interest income please advise thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 tel 212-971-1306=/a> fax <tel cel <tel Begin forwarded message: sn <=iv style="margin-top:0px;mar in-ri ht:0 x•rnar in-bottom:0 rmargin-left=px">From:"Atla=, Andrew <mailto » Subject: Royal Ba=k of Scotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd Date: November 9, 2015 at 4:03=19 PM EST To: =/s an>"Richard Kahn &=t; Rich, <mailto }.. EFTA_R1_01597173 EFTA02480982 =span style="font-family:"Cambria","serif"">Here40=804>s an attractive Yield to Call opportunity that

**[WORD]:** th the carry they offer even if they are=not. * Note the back end of 3m1+232 grossed up for=tax is closer to 3m1+300 for the issuer. 4>=A0 =C24> 40=A0 =C2* 4>=A0 Please treat all price levels as subject to market avail=bility. Let me know if you have any questions.<=p> 40.=A0 Speak soon, Andrew 4>=A0 Andre= S. Atlas Financial Advisor=/i> Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Morgan Stanley=Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan Complex 1290 Aven=e of the Americas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 Tel/Direct: <tel Fax: <mailto 3 EFTA_R1_01597175 EFTA02480984 Important Notice to Reci

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, November 9, 2015 9:28 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: Royal Bank of Scotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd 
million 
On Mon, Nov 9, 2015 at 10:25 PM, Richard Kahn 
<mailt°a 
> 
wrote: 
thought this was interesting a= it would yield foreign interest income 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306=/a> 
fax 
<tel 
cel 
<tel 
Begin forwarded message: 
sn 
<=iv style="margin-top:0px;mar in-ri ht:0 x•rnar in-bottom:0 rmargin-left=px">From:"Atla=, Andrew 
<mailto 
» 
Subject: Royal Ba=k of Scotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Pfd 
Date: November 9, 2015 at 4:03=19 PM EST 
To: =/s an>"Richard Kahn 
&=t; 
Rich, 
<mailto 
}.. 
EFTA_R1_01597173 
EFTA02480982

=span style="font-family:"Cambria","serif"">Here40=804>s an attractive Yield to Call opportunity that I 
wanted to show South=rn Trust Company. I've attached a still relevant Morgan Stan=ey note from earlier this year. 
Details:</=> 
Royal Bank of Scotland 7.64% Fixed-to-Float Preferred Shares<=> 
RBS 7.64% Perpetual 
Issuer:=C20 Royal Bk Scotland Grp Plc 
Par Value: =C24> 
$1,000 
S=curity Type: Preferred Stock 
QDI/DRD Eligible4e=A0 
Yes / Yes<=> 
Cumulative: 
Non-Cumulative 
Rating: B1 / B+ 
Coupon (Details): =C24> 
7.64% to 9/30/2017; =hen US 3M Libor +232bp, resets Quarterly 
4>=A0 
4>=A0 
=C24> 
Next Call Date: 9/30/2017, Quarterly thereafter=/u> 
Maturity: 
=C24 
4>=A0 
Perpetual 
<=>Net Pri=e: 
=C24 
4)=A0 105.25 
Current Yield: =C24> 
40=A0 7.2589% 
Yield to Next Call: =C24> 
4.6871% 
Some of Morgan Stanley's highlights:<=> 
1.<=pan style="font:7.0pt "Times New Roman—> 40=A0 They fundamentally like the credit and this is 
one of the most =iquid and highest yielding legacy securities (old-style AT1s) 
2 
EFTA_R1_01597174 
EFTA02480983

2.<=pan style="font:7.0pt "Times New Roman""> 4>=A0 They expect the bond to get called at first call 
because: 
Q=AO 
=C24> 
4>=A0 
=C24> 
40=A0 
i. 4>=A0 RBS has excess Tier 1 capital 
and RBS is =ssuing AT1 which is further increasing this excess 
4>=A0 
=C24> 
4>=A0 
=C2* 
Q=AO 
ii. Q=A0 The 7.64s are expensive. RBS 
does n=t get a tax benefit so the coupon is 1.2x higher for the issuer than the h=adline coupons. 
4>=A0 
=C24> 
4>=A0 
=C2* 
4>=A0 iii. 4>=A0 The 7.64s are only callable 
every 10 year= so missing the opportunity in 2017 reduces all flexibility for the issuer=when it loses all capital value from 
end-2021. 
3.<=pan style="font:7.0pt "Times New Roman""> 4>=A0 They think that the 7.64s could get tendered 
for or exchanged a= favorable terms, but are happy with the carry they offer even if they are=not. 
* Note the back end of 3m1+232 grossed up for=tax is closer to 3m1+300 for the issuer. 
4>=A0 
=C24> 
40=A0 
=C2* 
4>=A0 
Please treat all price levels as subject to market avail=bility. Let me know if you have any 
questions.<=p> 
40.=A0 
Speak soon, 
Andrew 
4>=A0 
Andre= S. Atlas 
Financial Advisor=/i> 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley=Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan Complex 
1290 Aven=e of the Americas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 
Tel/Direct: 
<tel 
Fax: 
<mailto 
3 
EFTA_R1_01597175 
EFTA02480984

Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any security=or 
commodity. Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided in=20 e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this e-mail is an employee of=20 Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If 
you =ave received this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper copies=and notify the sender 
immediately. Erroneous transmission is not intended to wa=ve confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the 
right, to t=e extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic communications= This message is subject to 
terms available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.,=A0 If you cannot 
access this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the contents to you. By messaging with Morgan 
Stanley you consent to the=20 foregoing. 
please note=br> 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential= may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, =nd is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of=br>JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication=or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you =ave received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately =y 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= target=> , and 
destroy this communic=tion and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all =ights reserved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01597176 
EFTA02480985

