# EFTA02413748

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation@gmailcom>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Fri Jun 04 10:50:31 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmaitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 6/4/2010 3:05:22 PM Subject: Re: Yes!!! That would be great! How are you? From: Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Fri Jun 04 10:50:31 2010 Subject: I would like to go on your hamburger tour with hanson„ ******* *************** ******** ******

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmaitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 6/4/2010 3:05:22 PM Subject: Re: Yes!!! That would be great! How are you? From: Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Fri Jun 04 10:50:31 2010 Subject: I would like to go on your hamburger tour with hanson„ ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside inf

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmaitcom[jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Fri 6/4/2010 3:05:22 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Yes!!! That would be great! How are you? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation@gmailcom> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Fri Jun 04 10:50:31 2010 
Subject: 
I would like to go on your hamburger tour with hanson„ 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01476391 
EFTA02413748

