# EFTA02491385

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|jeevaca=ion@gmail.com|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Augus , : To: Jeffrey Epstein Cc: Julia Subject: RE: funny story And she is too tall!!!! =3B Date: Sun, 2 Aug2015 17:06:32 -0400<=r>Subject: Re: funny story From: To: jeevaca=ion@gmail.com CC: ahahaha! love it! On Sun, Aug 2, 2015 at 5:02 PM, jeffr=y E. <jeevacation@gmail.com

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Augus , 
: 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Cc: 
Julia 
Subject: 
RE: funny story 
And she is too tall!!!! 
=3B 
Date: Sun, 2 Aug2015 17:06:32 -0400<=r>Subject: Re: funny story 
From: 
To: jeevaca=ion@gmail.com 
CC: 
ahahaha! love it! 
On Sun, Aug 2, 2015 at 5:02 PM, jeffr=y E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
we just checked into a hotel in =alifornia, I went to park the car and the bellma= said to Karyna " is that your 
father". &nb=p; she is telling me the story and was really annoyed. <=r> 
she says- how could he say that .- &nb=p; i dont look jewish!! 
=div> 
=3B please note 
The information contained in this communication is<=r>confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute i=side information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. =t is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying o= this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and m=y be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, plea=e notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, a=d 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all=attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
=/blockquote> 
EFTA_R1_01613380 
EFTA02491385

The information contained in this communication=is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitu=e inside information, and is intended only for 
=he use of the addressee. It is the property of 
= 
IV> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01613381 
EFTA02491386

