# EFTA02564604

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Eva Dubin|
|To|Jeffrey Epstein|
|Sent|Tuesday, November 21, 2017 1:19 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 10:22 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Also, if you want any of your staff to have an ultrasound, just have the= email me. Age does not matter. Please note, my email address has changed to: From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 1:19 PM To: J

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 10:22 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Also, if you want any of your staff to have an ultrasound, just have the= email me. Age does not matter. Please note, my email address has changed to: From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 1:19 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: 28th 29th and 30th of Nov we are looking for volunteers to get free ultr=sounds of their breasts at the Dubin Breast Center. If any of your f=iends would like to come let me know. Please note, my email address has changed t

**[WORD]:** ultrasound, just have the= email me. Age does not matter. Please note, my email address has changed to: From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 1:19 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: 28th 29th and 30th of Nov we are looking for volunteers to get free ultr=sounds of their breasts at the Dubin Breast Center. If any of your f=iends would like to come let me know. Please note, my email address has changed to: 1 EFTA_R1_01728496 EFTA02564604

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Tuesday, November 21, 2017 10:22 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Also, if you want any of your staff to have an ultrasound, just have the= email me. Age does not matter. 
Please note, my email address has changed to: 
From: Eva Dubin 
Sent: Tuesday, November 21, 2017 1:19 PM 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
28th 29th and 30th of Nov we are looking for volunteers to get free ultr=sounds of their breasts at the Dubin Breast 
Center. If any of your f=iends would like to come let me know. 
Please note, my email address has changed to: 
1 
EFTA_R1_01728496 
EFTA02564604

