# EFTA02398831

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, March 24, 2012 4:49 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: RE: Paris Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Mar 24, 2012, at 5:21 PM, "Eva Dubin " > In Palm Beach. S0000 nice. Where are you? > Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry > Original Message > From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> > Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, March 24, 2012 4:49 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: RE: Paris Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Mar 24, 2012, at 5:21 PM, "Eva Dubin " > In Palm Beach. S0000 nice. Where are you? > Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry > Original Message > From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> > Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 15:10:28 > To: > Subject: Re: RE: > Ok > Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone > On Mar 20, 2012, at

**[FULL]:** alm Beach. S0000 nice. Where are you? > Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry > Original Message > From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> > Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 15:10:28 > To: > Subject: Re: RE: > Ok > Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone > On Mar 20, 2012, at 3:51 PM, Eva Dubin mailto > wrote: > • I'm sorry we won't be able to - we have to go tom for a college tour o= March 31st. > Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 13:43:54 +0100 > Subject: > From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> > To: > are you going to try to come to the island on sunday the 1st. or sa

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, March 24, 2012 4:49 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: RE: 
Paris 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 24, 2012, at 5:21 PM, "Eva Dubin " 
> In Palm Beach. S0000 nice. Where are you? 
> Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
> 
Original Message 
> From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
> Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 15:10:28 
> To: 
> Subject: Re: RE: 
> Ok 
> Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
> On Mar 20, 2012, at 3:51 PM, Eva Dubin 
mailto
 > wrote: 
> • I'm sorry we won't be able to - we have to go tom for a college tour o= March 31st. 
> Date: Tue, 20 Mar 2012 13:43:54 +0100 
> Subject: 
> From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
> To: 
> are you going to try to come to the island on sunday the 1st. or sat the 3=st. ??I am going to fly from europe straight 
there. 
> 
wrote: 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and 
> is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA_R1_01433494 
EFTA02398831

> Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
> unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please 
> notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
> jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> , and destroy 
> this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
> copyright -all rights reserved 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1332607542</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>213262</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01433495 
EFTA02398832

