# EFTA02659602

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, February 18, 2017 9:00 PM To: Bill Gates have some straight from the horses mouth for you. =AO america first .. malaria. polio. not. . i=will try to find a non controversial conduit. =AO cyber health info security big. you'll hear more =C2 zero knowlege proof . medical info etc. please =ote The information contained in this communic

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, February 18, 2017 9:00 PM 
To: 
Bill Gates 
have some straight from the horses mouth for you. =AO america first .. malaria. polio. not. . i=will try to find a non 
controversial conduit. 
=AO cyber health info security big. you'll hear more =C2 zero knowlege proof . medical info 
etc. 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
--001a11c1318a89eba30548d45044-- conversation-id 52985 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 
flags 
gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 689163 
EFTA_R1_01906714 
EFTA02659602

