# EFTA00020473 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 6

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ls: On 08/05/2020. at 5:48 p.m. Eastern Time email address telephone number (Cell) . interact protocol (IP) address which resolves to Stockholm. SE 132 48. Submitted an online tip to the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) via tipsibi.gov, to report information on Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell. Date Submitted: 08/05/2020 05:48:59 PM ET Transaction Number: A300A5B9-5269-434C-A895-06FC8EB84B76 Threat To Life: False Submitted Text: I was living in NYC in 2002-2004 and was introduced to Jeffrey Epstein by a Canadian woman who at the time was a friend. The woman was in her mid to late t

### Match 2
> ls: On 08/05/2020. at 5:48 p.m. Eastern Time email address telephone number (Cell) . interact protocol (IP) address which resolves to Stockholm. SE 132 48. Submitted an online tip to the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) via tipsibi.gov, to report information on Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell. Date Submitted: 08/05/2020 05:48:59 PM ET Transaction Number: A300A5B9-5269-434C-A895-06FC8EB84B76 Threat To Life: False Submitted Text: I was living in NYC in 2002-2004 and was introduced to Jeffrey Epstein by a Canadian woman who at the time was a friend. The woman was in her mid t

### Match 3
> ansaction Number: A300A5B9-5269-434C-A895-06FC8EB84B76 Threat To Life: False Submitted Text: I was living in NYC in 2002-2004 and was introduced to Jeffrey Epstein by a Canadian woman who at the time was a friend. The woman was in her mid to late twenties at the time. She was also friendly with Ghislaine Maxwell. The woman. an aspiring French Canadian model and a close friend of Jeffrey Epstein. She told me she was often in his company in his home. She told me "he helped young beautiful women-. She also mentioned he often liked to get massages. I often went with my friend to nightclubs in NYC

### Match 4
> age and aspiring models from other countries. She often had a lot of money in cash that she said Jeffrey Epstein gave to her for helping him with "various things-. I just saw the Nctflix documentary and now understand that .vas procuring underage women for sex trafficking to Jeffrey Epstein and Maxwell. She did it as an accomplice of Epstein with full intent of introducing them to him for payment. She did not seem to he under any duress but only spoke highly of Epstein. Several times I saw her with Maxwell too. Violation: Other Violation Questions What was the exact crime that occurred?: Sex

### Match 5
> nderstand that .vas procuring underage women for sex trafficking to Jeffrey Epstein and Maxwell. She did it as an accomplice of Epstein with full intent of introducing them to him for payment. She did not seem to he under any duress but only spoke highly of Epstein. Several times I saw her with Maxwell too. Violation: Other Violation Questions What was the exact crime that occurred?: Sex trafficking/procuring of minors Jeffrey Epstein and G Maxwell When did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide an approximate date and time): 2002-2004 Where did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide t

### Match 6
> nt of introducing them to him for payment. She did not seem to he under any duress but only spoke highly of Epstein. Several times I saw her with Maxwell too. Violation: Other Violation Questions What was the exact crime that occurred?: Sex trafficking/procuring of minors Jeffrey Epstein and G Maxwell When did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide an approximate date and time): 2002-2004 Where did the crime/incident occur? (Please provide the specific location/address if possible): NYC/Manhattan Complainant Information UNCLASSIFIED EFTA00020473 UNCLASSIFIED Re: 50D-NY-3027571, 08/05/2
