# EFTA02515287

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"jeffrey E."|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Wednesday, November 19, 2014 10:22 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: Tomorrow What is best time Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:19/11/2014 16:47 (GMT-05:00) To: lean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: im here come see me? tonite? On Wed, Nov 19, 2014 at 4:

**[FULL]:** Wednesday, November 19, 2014 10:22 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: Tomorrow What is best time Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:19/11/2014 16:47 (GMT-05:00) To: lean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: im here come see me? tonite? On Wed, Nov 19, 2014 at 4:41 PM, Jean Luc Brunel= wrote: In ny leaving for Tokyo tomorrow Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:19/11/2014 15:50 (GMT-05:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Where are you please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privi

**[FULL]:** Date:19/11/2014 16:47 (GMT-05:00) To: lean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: im here come see me? tonite? On Wed, Nov 19, 2014 at 4:41 PM, Jean Luc Brunel= wrote: In ny leaving for Tokyo tomorrow Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:19/11/2014 15:50 (GMT-05:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Where are you please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of

**[WORD]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Wednesday, November 19, 2014 10:22 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: Tomorrow What is best time Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:19/11/2014 16:47 (GMT-05:00) To: lean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: im here come see me? tonite? On Wed, Nov 19, 2014 at 4:41 PM, Jean Luc Brunel= wrote: In ny leaving for Tokyo tomorrow Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:19/11/2014 15:50 (GMT-05:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Where are you please note

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: 
Wednesday, November 19, 2014 10:22 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
RE: 
Tomorrow What is best time 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
Original message 
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:19/11/2014 16:47 (GMT-05:00) 
To: lean Luc Brunel 
Subject: Re: 
im here come see me? tonite? 
On Wed, Nov 19, 2014 at 4:41 PM, Jean Luc Brunel= 
wrote: 
In ny leaving for Tokyo tomorrow 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
 Original message 
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:19/11/2014 15:50 (GMT-05:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Where are you 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA_R1_01649580 
EFTA02515287

communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01649581 
EFTA02515288

