# EFTA02709257

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Atlas, Andrew S" <|
|To|"Richard Kahn (|
|Sent||
|Subject|FW: Preferred =ffering|

---

**[WORD]:** have a friend at MS that sent me a preferred offering for =PM pricing today they are attempting to sell 16,000,000 =hares @ 25 yield indicated at 6.125 to =.25% please =dvise if you may have interest thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 tel fax cel From: "Atlas, Andrew S" < To: "Richard Kahn ( I"< Subject: FW: Preferred =ffering Date: February 5, 2015 at 10:43:01 AM EST R- Demand must be high...they adjusted the price talk to =.125% to 6.25% -A Andrew S. Atlas Financial Advisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets =roup Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown

**[WORD]:** interest thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 tel fax cel From: "Atlas, Andrew S" < To: "Richard Kahn ( I"< Subject: FW: Preferred =ffering Date: February 5, 2015 at 10:43:01 AM EST R- Demand must be high...they adjusted the price talk to =.125% to 6.25% -A Andrew S. Atlas Financial Advisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets =roup Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan Complex New York, =Y 10104 EFTA_R1_02114889 EFTA02709257 Tel/Direct: Fax: + <mailto Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" < To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( I " < Sub

**[WORD]:** ed the price talk to =.125% to 6.25% -A Andrew S. Atlas Financial Advisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets =roup Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan Complex New York, =Y 10104 EFTA_R1_02114889 EFTA02709257 Tel/Direct: Fax: + <mailto Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" < To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( I " < Subject: =/b>Preferred =ffering Date: =/b>February 5, 2015 at 9:23:05 AM =ST Rich, I hope you are =ell. Just want to give you a heads up. New issue JPM $25 Par Preferred coming today 6 %%- = 3/8% Fixed For Life. Any questions give me a ring. Best, Andrew

**[WORD]:** Andrew S" < To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( I " < Subject: =/b>Preferred =ffering Date: =/b>February 5, 2015 at 9:23:05 AM =ST Rich, I hope you are =ell. Just want to give you a heads up. New issue JPM $25 Par Preferred coming today 6 %%- = 3/8% Fixed For Life. Any questions give me a ring. Best, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas Financial =dvisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan =omplex 2 EFTA_R1_02114890 EFTA02709258 New York, =Y 10104 Tel/Direct: Fax: <mailto Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn < 
Sent: 
Thursday, February 5, 2015 5:00 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: WM Preferred Offering 
Attachments: 
viewDoc.asp.pdf; Untitled attachment 00116.htm 
i have a friend at MS that sent me a preferred offering for =PM pricing today they are attempting to sell 16,000,000 
=hares @ 25 yield indicated at 6.125 to =.25% 
please =dvise if you may have interest 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
From: "Atlas, Andrew S" < 
To: "Richard Kahn ( 
I"< 
Subject: FW: Preferred =ffering 
Date: February 5, 2015 at 10:43:01 AM EST 
R-
Demand must be high...they adjusted the price talk to =.125% to 6.25% 
-A 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial Advisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets =roup 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan Complex 
New York, =Y 10104 
EFTA_R1_02114889 
EFTA02709257

Tel/Direct: 
Fax: + 
<mailto 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" < 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( 
I " < 
Subject: =/b>Preferred =ffering 
Date: =/b>February 5, 2015 at 9:23:05 AM =ST 
Rich, 
I hope you are =ell. Just want to give you a heads up. 
New issue JPM $25 Par Preferred coming today 6 %%- = 3/8% Fixed For Life. 
Any questions give me a ring. 
Best, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial =dvisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan =omplex 
2 
EFTA_R1_02114890 
EFTA02709258

New York, =Y 10104 
Tel/Direct: 
Fax: 
<mailto 
Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or =ale of any security or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such =nstructions provided in e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this e-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney =LC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
received this communication in =rror, please destroy all electronic and paper copies and notify the =ender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to waive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley =eserves the right, to the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to =onitor electronic communications. This message is subject to terms =vailable 
at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If you cannot access this link, 
please notify us by reply message and =e will send the contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley =ou consent 
to the foregoing. 
3 
EFTA_R1_02114891 
EFTA02709259

