# EFTA02476244

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, December 29, 2015 12:22 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: do you want to invite jeff green On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 7:00 PM, =va Dubin < <mailto > wrote: I can not eat lunch that early ...<=div> Can we do 1 pm ... Please Sent from my iPhone On Dec 28, 2015, at 6:58 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com>

**[FULL]:** that early ...<=div> Can we do 1 pm ... Please Sent from my iPhone On Dec 28, 2015, at 6:58 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> wrote: <=div> woody andsoon yi confi=med lunch on thurs your house. 12 30. invite=whomever you like On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 6:45 PM, Eva Dubin <= <mailto > > wrote: Sent from my iPhone =div> please not= The information contained in this communication is confidentia=, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information =and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property o= JEE Unauthorized use

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, December 29, 2015 12:22 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: do you want to invite jeff green On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 7:00 PM, =va Dubin < <mailto > wrote: I can not eat lunch that early ...<=div> Can we do 1 pm ... Please Sent from my iPhone On Dec 28, 2015, at 6:58 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> wrote: <=div> woody andsoon yi confi=med lunch on thurs your house. 12 30. invite=whomever

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, December 29, 2015 12:22 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
do you want to invite jeff green 
On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 7:00 PM, =va Dubin < 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
I can not eat lunch that early ...<=div> 
Can we do 1 pm ... Please 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 28, 2015, at 6:58 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> wrote: 
<=div> 
woody andsoon yi confi=med lunch on thurs your house. 12 30. invite=whomever you like 
On Mon, Dec 28, 2015 at 6:45 PM, Eva Dubin <= 
<mailto 
> > wrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
=div> 
please not= 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidentia=, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information =and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property o= 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
EFTA_R1_01589664 
EFTA02476244

communicatio= or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you= have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately=by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.co=> , and 
destroy this communi=ation and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all=rights reserved 
=C24fr please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
c=nstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or co=ying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.comga, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01589665 
EFTA02476245

