# EFTA02282014

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Farkas, Andrew|
|To|Hagen, Maddie|
|Sent|Monday, April 8, 2019 7:17 AM|
|Subject|FW: Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** To: From: 1,11e Sent Mon 4/8/2019 5:39:24 PM Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein Yes, please! Thank you! Sent: Monday, April 8 201912:18 PM To: Hagen, Maddi Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein YES! 3pm today works! Should Jeffrey call Andrew in the office? On Apr 8, 2019, at 10:21 AM, Hagen, Maddie ote: Hi So sorry, it looks like they didn't get connected this weekend? 0 Any chance Jeffrey is free at 3pm ET today? Thank you, Maddie From: Farkas, Andrew Sent: Monday, April 8, 2019 7:17 AM To: Hagen, Maddie Cc: Dowling, David

**[WORD]:** ddi Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein YES! 3pm today works! Should Jeffrey call Andrew in the office? On Apr 8, 2019, at 10:21 AM, Hagen, Maddie ote: Hi So sorry, it looks like they didn't get connected this weekend? 0 Any chance Jeffrey is free at 3pm ET today? Thank you, Maddie From: Farkas, Andrew Sent: Monday, April 8, 2019 7:17 AM To: Hagen, Maddie Cc: Dowling, David Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein Pis schedule with him this week. Also, we have to make sure 1 call the other people in my EFTA_R1_01103269 EFTA02282014 Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls org

**[WORD]:** have to make sure 1 call the other people in my EFTA_R1_01103269 EFTA02282014 Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls organize brief calla for me on that front. Thx. Sent with BlackBerry Work (www.blackberry.com) From Date: Friday, Apr 05, 2019, 5:27 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! Hope all is well. Sent from my iPhone This message, and any attachments heret

**[WORD]:** n my EFTA_R1_01103269 EFTA02282014 Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls organize brief calla for me on that front. Thx. Sent with BlackBerry Work (www.blackberry.com) From Date: Friday, Apr 05, 2019, 5:27 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! Hope all is well. Sent from my iPhone This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
1,11e 
Sent 
Mon 4/8/2019 5:39:24 PM 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Yes, please! Thank you! 
Sent: Monday, April 8 201912:18 PM 
To: Hagen, Maddi 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
YES! 3pm today works! Should Jeffrey call Andrew in the office? 
On Apr 8, 2019, at 10:21 AM, Hagen, Maddie 
ote: 
Hi 
So sorry, it looks like they didn't get connected this weekend? 0 
Any chance Jeffrey is free at 3pm ET today? 
Thank you, 
Maddie 
From: Farkas, Andrew 
Sent: Monday, April 8, 2019 7:17 AM 
To: Hagen, Maddie 
Cc: Dowling, David 
Subject: FW: Jeffrey Epstein 
Pis schedule with him this week. Also, we have to make sure 1 call the other people in my 
EFTA_R1_01103269 
EFTA02282014

Pudding list to make sure that they fill their tables. Davis, pls organize brief calla 
for me on that front. Thx. 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com)
From 
Date: Friday, Apr 05, 2019, 5:27 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a 
call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! 
Hope all is well. 
Sent from my iPhone 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt 
or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended 
recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating 
or using this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy 
the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard 
copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the 
use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain 
information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or 
non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by 
contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly 
EFTA_R1_01103270 
EFTA02282015

prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately 
and destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, 
whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be 
considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with 
Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01103271 
EFTA02282016

