# EFTA02249463

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Ossa Properties Barrett Anthon Cc: Andrew Su rintenden Fran: Sent Fri 6/8/2018 5:12:30 PM Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein ah! I thought something must be up...he is usually very good about returning my mails.. -ok on AC on Mon. June 11 at 9am...I will have Leo there to let them in...he needs to clean he apt also. -back in the winter wh

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Ossa Properties Barrett Anthon 
Cc: 
Andrew Su rintenden 
Fran: 
Sent 
Fri 6/8/2018 5:12:30 PM 
Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
ah! I thought something must be up...he is usually very good about returning my mails.. 
-ok on AC on Mon. June 11 at 9am...I will have Leo there to let them in...he needs to clean he 
apt also. 
-back in the winter when Ehud had the ceiling issue there was also something wrong with the 
window...something that could not be fixed until it was warmer out...I don't recall exactly what 
it was! Perhaps moisture between the panes? We may need to wait for Anthony to retur 
On Jun 8, 2018, at 1:05 PM, A Barrett 
wrote: 
Andrew is away until July 5. I will take care of the ac on Monday June II. 9am. 
What do you need with the windows in 11J? 
Anthony Barrett 
On Jun 8, 2018, at 12:42 PM, 
wrote: 
Hello Anthony and Andrew...I have emailed several times and left a voice mail for 
Andrew and yet to hear back re the below: 
-when can the AC be fixed in apt 3M...we wanted it done June 7,8, 11 or 
I2...would like it completed by June 13 before occupant returns from 
her travels. I need to schedule our man Leo at the same time...might 
there be a time that is convenient for you? 
-where are we with the window issue in 11J, Ehud's apartment...they will be away 
for about a month so we have some time to fix/replace it..please let 
me know. We will need to coordinate with Nili due to the alarm on 
apt. 
Look forward to hearing back quickly. 
Mil 
Thanks 
Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_01031851 
EFTA02249463

