# EFTA02567111

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein imailto:jeeyacation@gmail.coml|
|To|carlyn mccaffrey <|
|Sent|Thursday, March 21, 2013 10:16 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Farkas, Andrew L. <afarkas@islecap.com> Sent: Thursday, March 21, 2013 3:29 PM To: jeevacation@gmail.com'; Cc: Dowling, David Subject: Re: David - I'd like to organize a call with carlyn for early next week if possible and then a face-to-face meeting when I return. From: Jeffrey Epstein imailto:jeeyaca

**[WORD]:** m'; Cc: Dowling, David Subject: Re: David - I'd like to organize a call with carlyn for early next week if possible and then a face-to-face meeting when I return. From: Jeffrey Epstein imailto:jeeyacation@gmail.coml Sent: Thursday, March 21, 2013 10:16 AM To: carlyn mccaffrey < >; Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: carlyn andrew „ andrew carlyn, andrew will be contacting you The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Eps

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. <afarkas@islecap.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, March 21, 2013 3:29 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com'; 
Cc: 
Dowling, David 
Subject: 
Re: 
David - I'd like to organize a call with carlyn for early next week if possible and then a face-to-face meeting when I 
return. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein imailto:jeeyacation@gmail.coml 
Sent: Thursday, March 21, 2013 10:16 AM 
To: carlyn mccaffrey < 
>; Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
carlyn andrew „ andrew carlyn, andrew will be contacting you 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmailcom <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in 
electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01733114 
EFTA02567111

