# EFTA00015948 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monday, July 13, 2020 1:03 PM
- **Subject:** Epstein / Maxwell Case...

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Cc: Subject: RE: Epstein / Maxwell Case... Date: Mon, 13 Jul 2020 17:17:22 +0000 Of course, absolutely, and thanks. I think whatever you feel would be appropriate, and certainly no problem in thanking her for being in touch and to generally be supportive, whether or not she ultimately is interested in sharing anything more. Happ

### Match 2
> anking her for being in touch and to generally be supportive, whether or not she ultimately is interested in sharing anything more. Happy to discuss further if that's useful but yes, please do feel totally free to acknowledge. From: Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 13:15 To: Subject: FW: Epstein / Maxwell Case... I would like to acknowledge her email if you let me. From Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 1:03 PM To: Subject: Epstein / Maxwell Case... Hello, I've debated whether to send this email a thousand times. In fact, I've written it numerous times. Hopefully I will be brave enough to send it

### Match 3
> y to discuss further if that's useful but yes, please do feel totally free to acknowledge. From: Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 13:15 To: Subject: FW: Epstein / Maxwell Case... I would like to acknowledge her email if you let me. From Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 1:03 PM To: Subject: Epstein / Maxwell Case... Hello, I've debated whether to send this email a thousand times. In fact, I've written it numerous times. Hopefully I will be brave enough to send it this time. My name is I was sexually assaulted when I was barely 18 years old in a NYC restaurant / club. At the time, I was too scared

### Match 4
> exually assaulted by Jeffery Epstein. He's dead now... so I'm not really sure why I'm emailing or even bringing it up now but I just felt like I should let someone know. If I can be of help in anyway, I'd like to be. However, I don't really have proof and I can't really offer anything as far as Maxwell's case goes. She could have been there as well as I do remember there being a "woman" there along with numerous other "girls". I remember making a mental note to myself how it was weird that there that I was probably the oldest one out of the girls that were there except for the one woman that wa
