# EFTA02360833

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Saturday, December 22, 2012 5:40 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: About to take off. Very windy....) am nervous! Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sat, 22 Dec 2012 17:22:39 To: Subject: where are yo

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Saturday, December 22, 2012 5:40 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
About to take off. Very windy....) am nervous! 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 22 Dec 2012 17:22:39 
To: 
Subject: 
where are you? 
=OA=-
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =nd may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1356198003</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8623750145</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap:Meevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>265368</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01352395 
EFTA02360833

