# EFTA02299298

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin < > Sent: Sunday, February 15, 2015 10:20 PM To: Karyna Shuliak Subject: Re: Good I will put it in my calendar and will let you know that day if I can make it. I am so happy she is with Kolker. Fasano knows that we are very good friends right? Sent from my iPhone On Feb 15, 2015, at 5:

**[FULL]:** sano on Friday, February 27th at 11:40am for the medical clearance, since Dr. Fassano is off the week after. Once again thank you very much for all your help! Karyna. On Jan 26, 2015, at 3:45 PM, Karyna Shuliak < <mailto > wrote: wrote: Thank you so much Eva!!! On Jan 26, 2015, at 2:56 PM, Eva Dubin < Hi Karyna, <mailto > > I spoke to Dr. Kolker's office. It's totally fine for your mom to go in and do her pre-op a week before surgery. Please email or call Jillian <mailto > / directly to set up the new appointment. Important to remember is that two weeks before surgery she cannot take a

**[FULL]:** ino <mailto > ). This should be all you need. Once surgery is done she needs to stay here for at least two weeks before she can go back. Eva Subject: Re: RE: From: <mailto Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:48:45 -0500 CC: <mailto To: <mailto an you very muc Eva! On Jan 25, 2015, at 10:46 AM, Eva Dubin < <mailto > wrote: ok I will check. Tell me her full name again . > From: <mailto > Subject: Re: > Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -0500 > To: <mailto > Thank you Eva! > On February 23rd she has an appointment with Dr. Fasano and a pre-op appointment with Dr. Kolker. On March 9th she i

**[FULL]:** Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -0500 > To: <mailto > Thank you Eva! > On February 23rd she has an appointment with Dr. Fasano and a pre-op appointment with Dr. Kolker. On March 9th she is scheduled for the surgery with Dr. Kolker. 2 EFTA_R1_01164293 EFTA02299299 > On Jan 25, 2015, at 10:12 AM, Eva Dubin < <mailto > > wrote: > > > That is a long time Doesn't seem right. > Send me the appts you have now and I will help you figure it out. > > > Sent from my iPhone > > > » On Jan 25, 2015, at 8:58 AM, Karyna Shuliak < <mailto » wrote: >>> >>> Hi Eva, >>> > » Jeffrey suggested that I as

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin < 
> 
Sent: 
Sunday, February 15, 2015 10:20 PM 
To: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Subject: 
Re: 
Good 
I will put it in my calendar and will let you know that day if I can make it. 
I am so happy she is with Kolker. 
Fasano knows that we are very good friends right? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 15, 2015, at 5:16 PM, Karyna Shuliak < 
<mailto 
» wrote: 
Hi Eva, 
I wanted to give you an updated appointment time for my mom in case you would still like to come with (only if 
it is convenient for you!). She now has a pre-op appointment with Dr. Kolker on Monday March 2nd at 11:15am. 
And she is going to see Dr. Fassano on Friday, February 27th at 11:40am for the medical clearance, since Dr. 
Fassano is off the week after. 
Once again thank you very much for all your help! 
Karyna. 
On Jan 26, 2015, at 3:45 PM, Karyna Shuliak < 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
wrote: 
Thank you so much Eva!!! 
On Jan 26, 2015, at 2:56 PM, Eva Dubin < 
Hi Karyna, 
<mailto 
> > 
I spoke to Dr. Kolker's office. It's totally fine for your mom to go in and do her pre-op a week 
before surgery. Please email or call Jillian 
<mailto 
> / 
directly to set up the new appointment. Important to remember is that two weeks before surgery she cannot take any 
EFTA_R1_01164292 
EFTA02299298

NSAIDs (that includes Motrin, Advil and any other anti-inflammatory drugs), as well as aspirin of course or any other 
blood thinners, including fish oil. 
To reschedule the Dr. Fassano appointment "ust email or call Melissa Bellino 
<mailto 
> ). 
This should be all you need. Once surgery is done she needs to stay here for at least two weeks 
before she can go back. 
Eva 
Subject: Re: RE: 
From: 
<mailto 
Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:48:45 -0500 
CC: 
<mailto 
To: 
<mailto 
an you very muc Eva! 
On Jan 25, 2015, at 10:46 AM, Eva Dubin < 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
ok I will check. 
Tell me her full name again . 
> From: 
<mailto 
> Subject: Re: 
> Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -0500 
> To: 
<mailto 
> Thank you Eva! 
> On February 23rd she has an appointment with Dr. Fasano and a pre-op appointment 
with Dr. Kolker. On March 9th she is scheduled for the surgery with Dr. Kolker. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01164293 
EFTA02299299

> On Jan 25, 2015, at 10:12 AM, Eva Dubin < 
<mailto 
> > wrote: 
> > 
> That is a long time 
Doesn't seem right. 
> Send me the appts you have now and I will help you figure it out. 
> > 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> > 
> » On Jan 25, 2015, at 8:58 AM, Karyna Shuliak < 
<mailto 
» wrote: 
>>> 
>>> Hi Eva, 
>>> 
> » Jeffrey suggested that I ask you this: does it seem normal that the pre-operative 
appointment with the plastic surgeon for my mother is 2 weeks before the first surgery in order for her to get a medical 
clearance? Jeffrey thinks 2 weeks seem like a long time for that or is it how it is usually done? 
>> > 
> » Thank you for your time! 
> » 
> » Karyna. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01164294 
EFTA02299300

