# EFTA02500063

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|THANK Y=U|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, June 10, 2015 3:12 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: FW: THANK YOU On Wed, Jun 10, 2015 at 10:31 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: From: To: Subject: THANK Y=U Date: Wed, 10 Jun 2015 13:44:19 +0000 For the intro to Jeffrey. He might literally be one of t=e—if not the—most interesting people I've ever met= =C2 Confidentiality Notice: This e

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, June 10, 2015 3:12 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: FW: THANK YOU On Wed, Jun 10, 2015 at 10:31 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: From: To: Subject: THANK Y=U Date: Wed, 10 Jun 2015 13:44:19 +0000 For the intro to Jeffrey. He might literally be one of t=e—if not the—most interesting people I've ever met= =C2 Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail is confidential an= intended only for the recipients listed above. I

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 10, 2015 3:12 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: FW: THANK YOU 
On Wed, Jun 10, 2015 at 10:31 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
From: 
To: 
Subject: THANK Y=U 
Date: Wed, 10 Jun 2015 13:44:19 +0000 
For the intro to Jeffrey. He might literally be one of t=e—if not the—most interesting people I've ever met= 
=C2 
Confidentiality Notice: This e-mail is confidential an= intended only for the recipients listed above. If you have 
received this =-mail in error, please delete it immediately and inform the sender of the error or contact a 
href="mailto:info@nusi.org" target="_blank">info@nusi.org 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
EFTA_R1_01626836 
EFTA02500063

disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01626837 
EFTA02500064

