# EFTA02547329

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|To|lean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** 7 -0400 To: Subject e: no„ deep inside canlal , cannot be seen On Mon, Dec 5, 2011 at 12:17 PM, Attached to the glasses Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile > wrote: From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Date: Mon, 5 Dec 2011 12:06:31 -0400 To: lean Luc Brunel Subject: both lyric and phoenix. , have new hearing aids that i think you mirhgt enjoy. The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Monday, December 5, 2011 4:23 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Better for the look. I was picturing you with thick glasses and hearing aids attached. Of course the glasses hanging from 
your neck. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
Date: Mon, 5 Dec 2011 12:18:57 -0400 
To: 
Subject 
e: 
no„ deep inside canlal , cannot be seen 
On Mon, Dec 5, 2011 at 12:17 PM, 
Attached to the glasses 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
> wrote: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Mon, 5 Dec 2011 12:06:31 -0400 
To: lean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
both lyric and phoenix. , have new hearing aids that i think you mirhgt enjoy. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01701601 
EFTA02547329

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01701602 
EFTA02547330

