# EFTA02665706

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, December 27, 2016 10:50 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: yes, do On Tue, Dec 27, 2016 at 5:11 PM, Eva Dubin mailto > wrote: I spoke with Glenn and we are interested in exploring Janusz and Ofelia =aking a couples position in North Salem. So let me know if you think I sho=ld have that conversation with Ofelia. =AO please note The i

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, December 27, 2016 10:50 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: yes, do On Tue, Dec 27, 2016 at 5:11 PM, Eva Dubin mailto > wrote: I spoke with Glenn and we are interested in exploring Janusz and Ofelia =aking a couples position in North Salem. So let me know if you think I sho=ld have that conversation with Ofelia. =AO please note The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, December 27, 2016 10:50 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
yes, do 
On Tue, Dec 27, 2016 at 5:11 PM, Eva Dubin 
mailto 
> wrote: 
I spoke with Glenn and we are interested in exploring Janusz and Ofelia =aking a couples position in North 
Salem. So let me know if you think I sho=ld have that conversation with Ofelia. 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a113a49ecc220090544abad17-- conversation-id 58562 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1482879028 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 674259 
EFTA_R1_01916305 
EFTA02665706

