# EFTA00010224 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ), relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so. Date: (SEAL) Date and Time: 11/29/2021 8:30 am CLERK OF COURT Signature of Clerk or Depury, Clerk The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing blame of party) Ghislaine Maxwell , who requests this subpoena, are: Jeffrey S. Pagliuca. Haddon, Morgan & Foreman P.C., 150 East 10th Ave., Denver, Colorado 80203, Notice to those who use this form to request a subpoena Before requesting and serving a subpoena pursuant to Fed. R. Crim. P. 17(c), the party seeking the subpoena

### Match 2
> ng regular mail, email, text message, memorandum, or other written communication of information of any kind. 5. "EVCP Material" refers to any submission to the Epstein Victim's Compensation Program made by an Accuser, including any claims on behalf of persons who have accused Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell of any misconduct, any releases signed by an Accuser or their Attorneys, and any compensation received by an Accuser. INSTRUCTIONS I. Production of documents and items requested herein shall be made in person to United States District Court, Southern District of New York, 40 Foley Square, New Y

### Match 3
> ), relating to your duty to respond to this subpoena and the potential consequences of not doing so. Date: (SEAL) Date and Time: 11/29/2021 8:30 am CLERK OF COURT Signature of Clerk or Depury, Clerk The name, address, e-mail, and telephone number of the attorney representing blame of party) Ghislaine Maxwell , who requests this subpoena, are: Jeffrey S. Pagliuca. Haddon, Morgan & Foreman P.C., 150 East 10th Ave., Denver, Colorado 80203, Notice to those who use this form to request a subpoena Before requesting and serving a subpoena pursuant to Fed. R. Crim. P. 17(c), the party seeking the s

### Match 4
> ng regular mail, email, text message, memorandum, or other written communication of information of any kind. 5. "EVCP Material" refers to any submission to the Epstein Victim's Compensation Program made by an Accuser, including any claims on behalf of persons who have accused Jeffrey Epstein or Ghislaine Maxwell of any misconduct, any releases signed by an Accuser or their Attorneys, and any compensation received by an Accuser. INSTRUCTIONS I. Production of documents and items requested herein shall be made in person to United States District Court, Southern District of New York, 40 Foley Squar

### Match 5
> EXHIBIT 1 EFTA00010224 AO 89B (07/16) Subpoena to Produce Documents, Information. or Objects in a Criminal Case UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT for the Southern District of New York To: United States of America Ghislame Maxwell Defendant ) ) ) ) ) Case No. 20CR330 (MN) SUBPOENA TO PRODUCE DOCUMENTS, INFORMATION, OR OBJECTS IN A CRIMINAL CASE (Name of person to whom this subpoena is directed) YOU ARE COMMANDED to produce at the time, date, and place set forth below the following books, papers, documents, data, or o
