# EFTA00021983 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesda October 13 2020 11:17 PM
- **Subject:** Discovery Tasks for Maxwell on Epstein Relativity Databases

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Cc: Subject: RE: Discovery Tasks for Maxwell on Epstein Relativity Databases Date: Wed, 14 Oct 2020 18:27:50 +0000 Hi, Just the documents tagged as listed below, please (not the full family). Thanks very much, From Sent: Wednesday. October 14 2020 12.48 PM To Cc Subject: RE: Discovery Tasks for Maxwell on Epstein Relativity Databases

### Match 2
> ubject: RE: Discovery Tasks for Maxwell on Epstein Relativity Databases Date: Wed, 14 Oct 2020 18:27:50 +0000 Hi, Just the documents tagged as listed below, please (not the full family). Thanks very much, From Sent: Wednesday. October 14 2020 12.48 PM To Cc Subject: RE: Discovery Tasks for Maxwell on Epstein Relativity Databases Hello, For item three on this list. Did you want to produce the full family of documents or just the documents tagged as listed below (ex. produce as is, produce as is and confidential, produce as is and highly confidential)? Thank you. Fro Sent: Tuesda Octobe

### Match 3
> this list. Did you want to produce the full family of documents or just the documents tagged as listed below (ex. produce as is, produce as is and confidential, produce as is and highly confidential)? Thank you. Fro Sent: Tuesda October 13 2020 11:17 PM To: Cc: Subject: Discovery Tasks for Maxwell on Epstein Relativity Databases Thanks very much for speaking earlier today. As discussed, we are asking for the following three productions to be prepared for the Maxwell case. I've listed those tasks below in the order in which we discussed them, but, as we discussed, if you and the vendor bel

### Match 4
> is and highly confidential)? Thank you. Fro Sent: Tuesda October 13 2020 11:17 PM To: Cc: Subject: Discovery Tasks for Maxwell on Epstein Relativity Databases Thanks very much for speaking earlier today. As discussed, we are asking for the following three productions to be prepared for the Maxwell case. I've listed those tasks below in the order in which we discussed them, but, as we discussed, if you and the vendor believe a different order would be more efficient, please just let me know. EFTA00021983 As we've discussed, we need all of these materials to be delivered to 1St. Andrews by
