# EFTA00037757 -- LES WEXNER

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** '
- **To:** '
- **Sent:** Thursday, June 27, 2019 2:50:04 PM
- **Subject:** RE: 9 E 71st Street New York NY DEED

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ad. See below. Is it possible to get those documents they're looking for? Forwarded message From: ' (USANYS)" Date: Jun 27, 2019 2:45 PM Subject: RE: 9 E 71st Street New York NY DEED To: ' FBI Cc: (USANYS)" (USANYS)" ,MM This is interesting. The mansion was the home of a school until Leslie Wexner bought it in 1989 — at least according to a number of public reports. He remodeled it, and it was featured (as Wexner's house) in Architectural Digest in 1995. As of 1996, Epstein told the New York Times that the house was his. But it doesn't look like there's any record of the property changing

### Match 2
> 27, 2019 2:45 PM Subject: RE: 9 E 71st Street New York NY DEED To: ' FBI Cc: (USANYS)" (USANYS)" ,MM This is interesting. The mansion was the home of a school until Leslie Wexner bought it in 1989 — at least according to a number of public reports. He remodeled it, and it was featured (as Wexner's house) in Architectural Digest in 1995. As of 1996, Epstein told the New York Times that the house was his. But it doesn't look like there's any record of the property changing ownership between 1989 and 2012, and the sale in 1989 is to "Nine East 71st Street Corporation." Then 13 years later,

### Match 3
> re's any record of the property changing ownership between 1989 and 2012, and the sale in 1989 is to "Nine East 71st Street Corporation." Then 13 years later, that corporation, with Epstein as the president, transfers title to another Epstein entity. So did he own it that entire time, rather than Wexner, as had been advertised?? Or did Wexner own it through a corporation for which Epstein was the president until 2012? Can we pull the equivalent documents to these for the 1989 title transfer? From: . (NY) (FBI) Sent: Thursday, June 27, 2019 14:22 To: (USANYS) 4 (USANYS) EFTA00037757 (USANYS

### Match 4
> ownership between 1989 and 2012, and the sale in 1989 is to "Nine East 71st Street Corporation." Then 13 years later, that corporation, with Epstein as the president, transfers title to another Epstein entity. So did he own it that entire time, rather than Wexner, as had been advertised?? Or did Wexner own it through a corporation for which Epstein was the president until 2012? Can we pull the equivalent documents to these for the 1989 title transfer? From: . (NY) (FBI) Sent: Thursday, June 27, 2019 14:22 To: (USANYS) 4 (USANYS) EFTA00037757 (USANYS) Subject: Fwd: 9 E 71st Street New York
