# EFTA02412596

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <'eevacation(4 nail.com>|
|To|Jennie Saunders|
|Sent|Wed Jun 16 07:28:07 2010|
|Subject|david schoen|

---

**[WORD]:** hoen Title: Re: david schoen Thank u! See u tomorrow ....xo CORE: Jennie Saunders I Founder & Chairman 166 East 55th Street New York NY 100221 Main: Mobile: Upcoming Cultural Spotlight Thursday, June 17 — An Insider's Guide to Diamonds: An Exclusive Conversation with De Beers' Diamond Expert Andrew Coxon 6:30pm - 8:30pm, Champagne Reception, Conversation and Q&A Friday, June 25 — Ferrari and Brant Foundation Experience: private viewing of the new Urs Fischer "Oscar the Grouch" exhibition, drive the new Ferrari California anode!, and have a lovely, complimentary lunch at L'Escale in Greenwi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation@gmail.comijeevacationetgmail.com] 
From: 
Jennie Saunders 
Sent 
Wed 6/16/2010 11:38:48 AM 
Subject: Re: david schoen 
Title: Re: david schoen 
Thank u! See u tomorrow ....xo 
CORE: Jennie Saunders I Founder & Chairman 166 East 55th Street New York NY 100221 Main: 
Mobile: 
Upcoming Cultural Spotlight 
Thursday, June 17 — An Insider's Guide to Diamonds: An Exclusive Conversation with De Beers' Diamond Expert 
Andrew Coxon 
6:30pm - 8:30pm, Champagne Reception, Conversation and Q&A 
Friday, June 25 — Ferrari and Brant Foundation Experience: private viewing of the new Urs Fischer "Oscar the Grouch" 
exhibition, drive the new Ferrari California anode!, and have a lovely, complimentary lunch at L'Escale in Greenwich, CT. 
9am & 10am departures from CORE: club 
Space is limited. For reservations and information please call 212-486-6600 or reservations@coreaccess.net 
--Original Message----
From: Jeffrey Epstein <'eevacation(4 nail.com> 
To: Jennie Saunders 
Sent: Wed Jun 16 07:28:07 2010 
Subject: david schoen 
or 
or 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential. may be attorney-client privileged. may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationergmail.com. and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01474249 
EFTA02412596

