# EFTA02402694

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: doctor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Friday, October 20, 2017 3:55 AM To: jeevacation@gmail.com Cc: Eva Dubin; Lesley Groff Subject: Re: You? Where are you? Just soak it and take Keflex... Otherwise I have a bunch of names I can send you tomorrow... Please note, my email address has changed te On Oct 19, 2017, at 1

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Friday, October 20, 2017 3:55 AM To: jeevacation@gmail.com Cc: Eva Dubin; Lesley Groff Subject: Re: You? Where are you? Just soak it and take Keflex... Otherwise I have a bunch of names I can send you tomorrow... Please note, my email address has changed te On Oct 19, 2017, at 11:36 PM, njeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> <jeevacation@gmail.com

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Friday, October 20, 2017 3:55 AM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Cc: 
Eva Dubin; Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Re: 
You? 
Where are you? 
Just soak it and take Keflex... 
Otherwise I have a bunch of names I can send you tomorrow... 
Please note, my email address has changed te 
On Oct 19, 2017, at 11:36 PM, njeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
ingrown toenail , got a bit infected. 
foot doctor? today? who? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmailcom <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01440502 
EFTA02402694

