# EFTA00032009 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 14

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monday,November 30, 2020 1:49 PM
- **Subject:** Re: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To:' Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2020 20:07:16 +0000 ok From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:07 PM To: ); Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Sure. I'll call and conference you in. From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:06 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Can we get on a call

### Match 2
> From: To:' Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2020 20:07:16 +0000 ok From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:07 PM To: ); Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Sure. I'll call and conference you in. From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:06 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Can we get on a call now? From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 2:13 PM To: Cc: Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon FYI. From: Sent: Monday,November

### Match 3
> From: To:' Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2020 20:07:16 +0000 ok From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:07 PM To: ); Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Sure. I'll call and conference you in. From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:06 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Can we get on a call now? From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 2:13 PM To: Cc: Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon FYI. From: Sent: Monday,November 30, 2020 1:49 PM To: Cc: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Thanks, let's just hope it's as off base as it sounds. The report

### Match 4
> ber 30, 2020 3:07 PM To: ); Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Sure. I'll call and conference you in. From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:06 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Can we get on a call now? From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 2:13 PM To: Cc: Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon FYI. From: Sent: Monday,November 30, 2020 1:49 PM To: Cc: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Thanks, let's just hope it's as off base as it sounds. The reporter is Tom Winter, who correctly reported (even though it was much easier to predict) the Flynn pardon before it happened.

### Match 5
> ou in. From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:06 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Can we get on a call now? From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 2:13 PM To: Cc: Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon FYI. From: Sent: Monday,November 30, 2020 1:49 PM To: Cc: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Thanks, let's just hope it's as off base as it sounds. The reporter is Tom Winter, who correctly reported (even though it was much easier to predict) the Flynn pardon before it happened. )< Sent from my iPhone On Nov 30, 2020, at 1:45 PM, That's correct. From: Sent: Monde , November

### Match 6
> ff base as it sounds. The reporter is Tom Winter, who correctly reported (even though it was much easier to predict) the Flynn pardon before it happened. )< Sent from my iPhone On Nov 30, 2020, at 1:45 PM, That's correct. From: Sent: Monde , November 30, 2020 1:45 PM To: Cc: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Just FYI. I forget how this went with Di Souza, but there wouldn't necessarily need to be any communication with us before pardoning one of our defendants, correct? Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: " Date: November 30, 2020 at 1:21:36 PM EST > wrote: EFTA00032009 C

### Match 7
> YI. I forget how this went with Di Souza, but there wouldn't necessarily need to be any communication with us before pardoning one of our defendants, correct? Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: " Date: November 30, 2020 at 1:21:36 PM EST > wrote: EFTA00032009 Cc: ' Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Normally I wouldn't send something like this because it seems so unlikely, but just FYI — a reporter who's been reliable in the past is hearing "serious rumblings" from the WH about a pardon. Sent from my iPhone EFTA00032010

### Match 8
> From: To:' Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2020 20:07:16 +0000 ok From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:07 PM To: ); Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Sure. I'll call and conference you in. From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:06 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Can we get o

### Match 9
> From: To:' Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2020 20:07:16 +0000 ok From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:07 PM To: ); Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Sure. I'll call and conference you in. From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:06 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Can we get on a call now? From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 2:13 PM To: Cc: Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon FYI. From: Sent: Monday,

### Match 10
> From: To:' Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Date: Mon, 30 Nov 2020 20:07:16 +0000 ok From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:07 PM To: ); Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Sure. I'll call and conference you in. From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 3:06 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Can we get on a call now? From: Sent: Monday, November 30, 2020 2:13 PM To: Cc: Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon FYI. From: Sent: Monday,November 30, 2020 1:49 PM To: Cc: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell Pardon Thanks, let's just hope it's as off base as it sounds. Th
