# EFTA00032465 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 15

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Laura Menninger <Imenninger(uhinflawcom>
- **To:** "
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> provided all "highly confidential" images to our client — and to defense counsel — for review at the MDC in November. We are confused about where these previously undisclosed items were located and why they have not yet been made available for inspection and review. • During the week of April 19, Ms. Maxwell should be produced to 500 Pearl Street to review (with counsel and a defense staff member, on the 1 laptop provided) all of the 5,507 electronic images and video marked "highly EFTA00032468 confidential". These should be segregated into the three categories you describe (never-before produced,

### Match 2
> From: Laura Menninger <Imenninger(uhinflawcom> To: " y" , " )" (USANYS)" Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaghinflavv.com>, "Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdellgcohengresser.com)" <ceverdellgcohengresser.com>, 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcstemheimgmac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Date: Fri, 02 Apr 2021 21:35:30 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.jpg Thank you for your email. Your proposal is largely acceptable to us, with the following modifications and clarifications. • For the items that

### Match 3
> nt: Saturday, March 27, 2021 4:38 PM To: Laura Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com>; (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengressercom) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes > Counsel, Thank you for your email. Below please find our response. If this is acceptable to you, then we will proceed with arranging the logistics of having your client produced to 500 Pearl the week of April

### Match 4
> ninger <imenninger@hmflaw.com> Sent: Monday, March 22, 2021 5:19 PM To: ) ; ) (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes All, EFTA00032467 We have considered your proposal. Unfortunately, it does not permit us an adequate ability to review the evidence in the case and does not permit our client to meaningfully participate in her

### Match 5
> Sent: Tuesday, March 16, 2021 4:40 PM To: Laura Menninger <Imenninp,er@hmflaw.com>; (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengressercom>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes All, Attached please find two spreadsheets documenting all physical evidence in the FBI's custody, as well as a corresponding discovery cover letter. We are sending a copy of these files to the MDC for your clie

### Match 6
> March 15, 2021 6:00 PM To: 'Laura Menninger' <Imenninge hmflaw.com>• (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser com) EFTA00032470 <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Laura, I expect to be able to answer all of your questions about the evidence review by tomorrow. We have been looking into the discovery request you made last week, and we hope to have a response ready to provi

### Match 7
> Menninger <Imenninger@hmflaw.com> Sent: Monday, March 15, 2021 3:01 PM To: ) >; (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliuca@hmflaw.com>• Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>. 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Now that the FBI team is back, when do you expect to have answers to all of the questions posed? If I had an idea of when you would have answers, it could help me answer your question. At a minimum, it would not

### Match 8
> Sent: Friday, March 12, 2021 11:44 AM To: Laura Menninger <Imenninge hmflaw.com>; (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>• 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes 1 Counsel, The FBI team on this case has been out of the office this week and will not be able to answer all of the questions you asked during our Wednesday call until they are back in the office next week. Ple

### Match 9
> : Tuesday, March 9, 2021 4:56 PM c > To: Laura Menninger <Imenninge hmflaw.com>; ; (USANYS) Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaahmflaw.com>; Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com <ceverdell@cohengresseccom>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes That is the only excel spreadsheet indexing physical evidence that we have produced in discovery. That spreadsheet does not include every physical item currently in the FBI's custody related to this case. For exa

### Match 10
> <Imenninger@hmflaw.com> Sent: Tuesday, March 9, 2021 3:44 PM To: ) -)<Ma (USANYS) <I= > Cc: Jeff Pagliuca <jpagliucaPhmflaw.com>: Christian R Everdell - Cohen & Gresser LLP (ceverdell@cohengresser.com) <ceverdell@cohengresser.com>; 'BOBBI C STERNHEIM' <bcsternheim@mac.com> Subject: RE: US v. Maxwell - 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) - Request to view evidence, highly confidential materials, scenes Thank you. Is that the only index of physical evidence available? Laura A. Menninger I Partner Haddon, Morgan & Foreman, P.C. 150 E. 10th Avenue I Denver, CO 80203 +1 303 831 7364 (Office) Imenninger@hmflaw.c
