# EFTA00026534 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** Tomback, Andrew
- **Sent:** Monday, May 18, 2020 4:17 PM
- **Subject:** RE:

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: "Tomback, Andrew" To: " "Weinstein, Marc Cc: • "Tomback, Andrew" si Subject: RE: subpoena follow-up question Date: Tue, 19 May 2020 12:27:44 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.png Marc and/or I will respond to your email below soon — ideally later today. Regarding my open issue, the Estate won't list any prop

### Match 2
> From: "Tomback, Andrew" To: " "Weinstein, Marc Cc: • "Tomback, Andrew" si Subject: RE: subpoena follow-up question Date: Tue, 19 May 2020 12:27:44 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.png Marc and/or I will respond to your email below soon — ideally later today. Regarding my open issue, the Estate won't list any property before June 15. Stay safe. Andy Andrew E. Tom

### Match 3
> mback, Andrew" si Subject: RE: subpoena follow-up question Date: Tue, 19 May 2020 12:27:44 +0000 Inline-Images: image001.png Marc and/or I will respond to your email below soon — ideally later today. Regarding my open issue, the Estate won't list any property before June 15. Stay safe. Andy Andrew E. Tomback I Partner 1 E White & Case LLP I 1221 Avenue of theAmericas I New York. NY 10020-1095 WHITE S. CASE From: Sent: Monday, May 18, 2020 4:17 PM To: Tomback, Andrew Cc: Subject: RE: follow-up question Mark, =, ; Weinstein, Marc A. One question I had meant to ask in our call but f

### Match 4
> on — ideally later today. Regarding my open issue, the Estate won't list any property before June 15. Stay safe. Andy Andrew E. Tomback I Partner 1 E White & Case LLP I 1221 Avenue of theAmericas I New York. NY 10020-1095 WHITE S. CASE From: Sent: Monday, May 18, 2020 4:17 PM To: Tomback, Andrew Cc: Subject: RE: follow-up question Mark, =, ; Weinstein, Marc A. One question I had meant to ask in our call but forgot, on a separate subject — we had briefly discussed in late February our request for photographs and videos in the possession of the estate, and my recollection is that with
