# EFTA02542039

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|To|David Stern|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** TV, papers (incl Fr). Have not spoken with him yet - I think its a set up: he's still in canada.... From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Date: Thu, 21 Jul 2011 11:26:40 -040O To: David Stern Subject: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2017234/Prince-Andrew-steps-UKs-trade-envoy-following-row-links- U-S-sex-offender.html The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
david.stern 
Sent: 
Thursday, July 21, 2011 5:54 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Role as advisor was/is ready but so far I'm not taking it to keep my head low as discussed until you give me the go-
ahead. Working with you is more important than the advisor role. So I'm waiting. I need a plane soon.... 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 21 Jul 2011 12:20:14 -0400 
To: <david.stern 
Subject: Re: 
what about your role as advisor„ ..lm sure this is good for him, he will now be free 
On Thu, Jul 21, 2011 at 11:52 AM, <david.stern 
<mailto: 
> wrote: 
Its all over the place: TV, papers (incl Fr). 
Have not spoken with him yet - I think its a set up: he's still in canada.... 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Thu, 21 Jul 2011 11:26:40 -040O 
To: David Stern 
Subject: 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2017234/Prince-Andrew-steps-UKs-trade-envoy-following-row-links-
U-S-sex-offender.html 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01691624 
EFTA02542039

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disdosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01691625 
EFTA02542040

