# EFTA02447520

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC - D=stribution|

---

**[FULL]:** gin-top:0px;margin-right:0px;margin-bottom:0 x;mar in-left:= x">To: m<= href="mailto: target="_blank" <mailto Cc: "Jeanne Brennan <mailto: <mailto: Richard, =C2 Please note a Fortress V=lue Recovery Fund I LLC (the "Fund") cash distribution wit= respect to the interest in the Fund held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on =ctober 13, 2016 in the below amount. The distribution is effective September 1, 2016= Pursuant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement dated as =f August 1, 2011 between Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the amount will be=distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with it

**[FULL]:** nd I LLC (the "Fund") cash distribution wit= respect to the interest in the Fund held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on =ctober 13, 2016 in the below amount. The distribution is effective September 1, 2016= Pursuant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement dated as =f August 1, 2011 between Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the amount will be=distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with its wire instructions on file with the Fund. =p class="MsoNormal"> <=pan style="font-size:10.0ptfont-family:"Arial","sans-ser=f"">Glenn Dubin: $118,049.60 wired to Jeepers Inc., Bank of New Yorka> =p clas

**[FULL]:** t of Economic Interest Agreement dated as =f August 1, 2011 between Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the amount will be=distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with its wire instructions on file with the Fund. =p class="MsoNormal"> <=pan style="font-size:10.0ptfont-family:"Arial","sans-ser=f"">Glenn Dubin: $118,049.60 wired to Jeepers Inc., Bank of New Yorka> =p class="MsoNormal">Please contact Nicole Higgins at with any questions. Thank =ou, Fortress VRF Advisors I LLC EFTA_R1_01544567 EFTA02447520 Fortress VRF Investor Relations Fortress Investment Group 1345 Avenue of the Americ=s New

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, October 14, 2016 1:23 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC - Distribution 
send 
Subject: Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC - D=stribution 
Dat=: October 12, 2016 at 4:47:07 PM EDT 
<=iv style="margin-top:0px;margin-right:0px;margin-bottom:0 x;mar in-left:= x">To: m<= 
href="mailto: 
target="_blank" 
<mailto 
Cc: "Jeanne Brennan 
<mailto: 
<mailto: 
Richard, 
=C2 
Please note a Fortress V=lue Recovery Fund I LLC (the "Fund") cash distribution wit= respect to the interest in the Fund 
held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on =ctober 13, 2016 in the below amount. The distribution is effective September 1, 
2016= Pursuant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement dated as =f August 1, 2011 between Glenn Dubin 
and Jeepers, Inc., the amount will be=distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with its wire instructions on file with the 
Fund. 
=p class="MsoNormal"> 
<=pan style="font-size:10.0ptfont-family:"Arial","sans-ser=f"">Glenn Dubin: $118,049.60 wired to Jeepers Inc., Bank of 
New Yorka> 
=p class="MsoNormal">Please contact Nicole Higgins at 
with any questions. 
Thank =ou, 
Fortress VRF Advisors I LLC 
EFTA_R1_01544567 
EFTA02447520

Fortress VRF Investor Relations 
Fortress Investment Group 
1345 Avenue of the Americ=s 
New York, NY=C2 10105 
figvrfir@fortress.co= 
plea=e note 
The information contained in this communication is confi=ential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside inform=tion, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the prop=rty of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this commun=cation or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. =f you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immed=ately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> , and destroy this c=mmunication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrigh= -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01544568 
EFTA02447521

