# EFTA02619150

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: foundation, philanthrop, meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** ail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: <=iv dir="ltr">your gifts were unncessary but greatly appreciated On Wed, Sep 13, 2=17 at 2:46 PM, <anasalrasheed@gmail.com <mailto:anasalrasheed@gmail=com> wrote: msg from touchline We have media platform in the region called phila=thropy age with gates foundation. The guys w=o are working with us is Kofi Rashid Gates foundation advisor who=report dirctly to bill This is the link http://www.philanth=opyage.org Please ask him not to focus o= philanthropy age ... As its is one aspect of the over all deliverables thnx Sent from my iPhone On Sep 13, 2

**[ORG]:** gifts were unncessary but greatly appreciated On Wed, Sep 13, 2=17 at 2:46 PM, <anasalrasheed@gmail.com <mailto:anasalrasheed@gmail=com> wrote: msg from touchline We have media platform in the region called phila=thropy age with gates foundation. The guys w=o are working with us is Kofi Rashid Gates foundation advisor who=report dirctly to bill This is the link http://www.philanth=opyage.org Please ask him not to focus o= philanthropy age ... As its is one aspect of the over all deliverables thnx Sent from my iPhone On Sep 13, 201=, at 4:07 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevaca

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
anasalrasheed@gmail.com 
Sent: 
Thursday, September 14, 2017 12:00 AM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
i enjoyed it 
.. see you in=november inshalla 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 13, 2017,=at 10:06 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>  wrote: 
<=iv dir="ltr">your gifts were unncessary but greatly appreciated 
On Wed, Sep 13, 2=17 at 2:46 PM, <anasalrasheed@gmail.com <mailto:anasalrasheed@gmail=com> wrote: 
msg from touchline 
We have media platform in the region called phila=thropy age with gates foundation. 
The guys w=o are working with us is 
Kofi Rashid Gates foundation advisor who=report dirctly to bill 
This is the link 
http://www.philanth=opyage.org 
Please ask him not to focus o= philanthropy age ... As its is one aspect of the over all deliverables 
thnx 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 13, 201=, at 4:07 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
Wed at 2? 
On Wed, Sep 13, 2017 at 12:26 AM <anasalrasheed@gmail.com <mailto:anasa=rasheed@gmail.com» 
wrote:=br> 
hi habebey ..=i m in new york .. the sooner we meet the faster i go back to be with my so= on his 
first week in a new school .. 
if you bussy dont worry i can wai= until thursday 
thnx again 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_01823614 
EFTA02619150

On Sep 9, 2017, at 7:43 PM, jeffrey E. <On Sat, Sep 9, 2017 at 6:30 PM, 
<anasalrasheed@gmail.com <mailto:a=asalrasheed@gmail.com» wrote: 
4,=8209 
are we meeting in new york?=/div> 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 9, 2017, at 7:16 PM, jeff=ey E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
<=iv>is this some sort of perverted question :) =12 american . of course 
On Sat, Sep 9, 2017 at 5:40 PM, <anasalrasheed@gmail.com=gt; wrote: 
wh=t is your shoes size if you dont mind me asking? 
Sent from my iPhone=/div> 
On Sep 9, 2017, at 4:30 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com> wrote= 
I think=trump cut the legs off your guy . He would like to take all the credit 
.&nb=p; If there is a deal or be seen to be strong on terror 
On Sat, Sep 9, 2017 at 2:34 AM jeffrey E. sieevacation@gmail.c=m 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
See you I in. Ew york thurs? 
On Fri, Sep 8, 2017 at 11:48 PM <anasalrasheed@gmail.com 
<mailto:anasalrasheed=gmail.com» wrote: 
tamem just called mbs=.. he want to sit and talk .. breakthrough 
Sent from my iPhone 
=div> 
On Sep 8, 2017, at 1:33 PM, jeff=ey E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
I will get larson to call you 
2 
EFTA_R1_01823615 
EFTA02619151

On Fri, Sep 8, 2017 at 12:2= PM, <anasalrasheed@gmail.com 
<mailto:anasalrasheed@gmail.com> wrote: 
i will bring you some kuwaiti gifts but not food=F044+ 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 8, 2017, at 11:=2 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
what is your schedule in new york how long will y=u be there? 
On Fri, Sep 8, 2017 at 9:09 AM, <anasalrasheed@gmail.com 
<mailto:anasalrasherd@gmail.com» wrote= 
things look very b=d in the gulf .. my feeling trump do not want to end it 
Sent from my=i Phone 
On Sep 8, 2017, at 2:28 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>= wrote: 
your man did well .=nbsp; congragulations 
&nbs=; please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the p=operty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
comm=nication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful.=lf you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immed=ately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and 
destroy this com=unication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01823616 
EFTA02619152

&nbs=; please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the p=operty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
comm=nication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful.=lf you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immed=ately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and 
destroy this com=unication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may b= attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is i=tended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEEUnauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pa=t thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have receiv=d this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return=e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all c=pies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reservedar> 
&n=sp; 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, m=y 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of t=e addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure o= copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibite= 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
4 
EFTA_M_01823617 
EFTA02619153

communication in erro=, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, a=d 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all at=achments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
please note 
The informa=ion contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only f=r 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized=use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is s=rictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
comm=nication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e=mail to jeevacat=on@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof,=br>including all 
attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
pleas= note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confide=tial, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property=of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communicati=n or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you=have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately b= 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communicatio= and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all right= reserved 
EFTA_M_01823618 
EFTA02619154

jeevacation@gmail.com, a=d 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all at=achments. copyright -all rights reserved 
&=bsp; please note 
The information contained in this communication is=br>confidential, may be attorney-
client privileged, may 
constitute insid= information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is t=e property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
=ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlaw=ul. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us i=mediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation=gmail.com> , 
and 
destroy this=communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrig=t -all rights reserved 
c/=iv> 
p=ease note 
The information contained in this communication is 
con=idential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside infor=ation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the prop=rty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communi=ation or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If=you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.=om> , and 
destroy this commun=cation and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all=rights reserved 
please note 
6 
EFTA_M_01823619 
EFTA02619155

The inf=rmation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney=client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended on=y for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthor=zed use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof=is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
return e-mail or=by e-mail to jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
7 
EFTA_R1_01823620 
EFTA02619156

