# EFTA02589276

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, August 31, 2014 5:12 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: 8th. I tried to call I'm on On Sunday,=August 31, 2014, Jean Luc Brunel MI l<mailtol > > wrote: Will you be in Ny this week? Sent from Samsung Mobile =C2 please note The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, August 31, 2014 5:12 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: 8th. I tried to call I'm on On Sunday,=August 31, 2014, Jean Luc Brunel MI l<mailtol > > wrote: Will you be in Ny this week? Sent from Samsung Mobile =C2 please note The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the prop

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, August 31, 2014 5:12 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
8th. I tried to call I'm on 
On Sunday,=August 31, 2014, Jean Luc Brunel MI
l<mailtol
> > wrote: 
Will you be in Ny this week? 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized 
use,=disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is stri=tly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this commun=cation in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 
--146d0442619e03b8ce0501effc6f-- conversation-id 300653 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1409505120 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 435714 
1 
EFTA_R1_01770499 
EFTA02589276

