# EFTA02715728

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff < Sent: Wednesday, October 22, 2014 4:59 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein CC Cc: L n fontanilla: Jo.째 Fontanilla; ; merwin dela cruz Subject: Andrew Farkas breakfast Andrew Farkas will come see you for breakfast at 8am on Friday. Lynn, Andrew is requesting the below for breakfast. Please confirm back: 1 fried egg (over easy) 1 scrambled egg (not too dry) 3/4 of a slice of whole wheat toast with margarine Cinnamon on the side 1 blueberry m

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff < Sent: Wednesday, October 22, 2014 4:59 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein CC Cc: L n fontanilla: Jo.째 Fontanilla; ; merwin dela cruz Subject: Andrew Farkas breakfast Andrew Farkas will come see you for breakfast at 8am on Friday. Lynn, Andrew is requesting the below for breakfast. Please confirm back: 1 fried egg (over easy) 1 scrambled egg (not too dry) 3/4 of a slice of whole wheat toast with margarine Cinnamon on the side 1 blueberry muffin 6 pomegranate seed

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff < Sent: Wednesday, October 22, 2014 4:59 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein CC Cc: L n fontanilla: Jo.째 Fontanilla; ; merwin dela cruz Subject: Andrew Farkas breakfast Andrew Farkas will come see you for breakfast at 8am on Friday. Lynn, Andrew is requesting the below for breakfast. Please confirm back: 1 fried egg (over easy) 1 scrambled egg (not too dry) 3/4 of a slice of whole wheat toast with margarine Cinnamon on the side 1 blueberry muffin 6 pomegranate seeds Diet coke in a glass with ice and a straw Sent from my iPhone <?xm

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lesley Groff < 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 22, 2014 4:59 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein CC 
Cc: 
L n fontanilla: Jo.째 Fontanilla; 
; merwin dela cruz 
Subject: 
Andrew Farkas breakfast 
Andrew Farkas will come see you for breakfast at 8am on Friday. 
Lynn, Andrew is requesting the below for breakfast. Please confirm back: 
1 fried egg (over easy) 
1 scrambled egg (not too dry) 
3/4 of a slice of whole wheat toast with margarine Cinnamon on the side 
1 blueberry muffin 
6 pomegranate seeds 
Diet coke in a glass with ice and a straw 
Sent from my iPhone 
<?xml version="1.0" encoding=' UTF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version="1.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1413997134</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195717</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>7</integer> 
<integer>27</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>449465</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
1 
EFTA_R1_02148449 
EFTA02715728

