# EFTA00026494 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 34

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> phones"). As further discussed below, Target Cellphone-1 is subscribed to in the name of "Terramar Project, Inc." 2 2019.07.24 EFTA00026501 ("Subscriber-1"), and Target Cellphone-2 is subscribed to in the name of "G Max" ("Subscriber- 2," and collectively with Subscriber-I, the "Subscribers"). GHISLAINE MAXWELL is believed to use the Target Cellphones and is a Target Subject of this investigation. T-Mobile is the Service Provider for Target Cellphone-1, and AT&T is the Service Provider for Target Cellphone-2. 5. Precision Location Capability. Cellphone service providers have technical capabilities th

### Match 2
> ames at issue herein. II. Facts Establishing Probable Cause 7. Although I understand that probable cause is not necessary to obtain all of the Requested Information, I respectfully submit that probable cause exists to believe that the Requested Information will lead to the location of a person, GHISLAINE MAXWELL, to be arrested for the crimes of conspiracy to entice minors to travel to engage in illegal sex acts, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 371; enticement of a minor to travel to engage in illegal sex acts, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2422; conspiracy to transport minors with intent to engage in crimina

### Match 3
> S.C. § 371; transporting a minor with intent to engage in criminal sexual activity, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 2423(a); and perjury, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 1623 (the "Subject Offenses"). 8. On June 29, 2020, a grand jury in the Southern District of New York returned an indictment charging GHISLAINE MAXWELL with the Subject Offenses. The Indictment charging MAXWELL is attached as Exhibit A hereto (the "Indictment"). That same day, United States Magistrate Judge Lisa Margaret Smith signed a warrant for MAXWELL's arrest, which is attached as Exhibit B hereto (the "Arrest Warrant"). ' Toll records ar

### Match 4
> the "Arrest Warrant"). ' Toll records are sometimes necessary or helpful in order to obtain or interpret historical cell site data and are therefore also requested herein. 4 2019.07.24 EFTA00026503 9. In light of these pending charges in the Indictment and the issuance of the Arrest Warrant, GHISLAINE MAXWELL is subject to arrest for the Subject Offenses. 10. Based on my review of T-Mobile records, I have learned that Target Cellphone-1 is subscribed in the name of "Terramar Project, Inc." Based on my review of publicly available videos and related information, I know that GHISLAINE MAXWELL has given

### Match 5
> Warrant, GHISLAINE MAXWELL is subject to arrest for the Subject Offenses. 10. Based on my review of T-Mobile records, I have learned that Target Cellphone-1 is subscribed in the name of "Terramar Project, Inc." Based on my review of publicly available videos and related information, I know that GHISLAINE MAXWELL has given multiple public addresses in her capacity as the founder and president of an organization known as the TerraMar Project, a non-profit organization that, as noted, was founded and run by MAXWELL and devoted to ocean protection. II. As set forth in Paragraph 3 of Exhibit A, MAXWELL was

### Match 6
> the Joshua Perry Phone occurred in or about May 2020. 5 2019.07.24 EFTA00026504 c. Target Cellphone-1 has also been in contact with a phone subscribed to the business "Haddon, Morgan, & Foreman," which I know from my review of court records is the name of a law firm that currently represents GHISLAINE MAXWELL in civil litigation (the "Haddon, Morgan, & Foreman Phone"). The most recent contact between Target Cellphone-1 and the Haddon, Morgan, & Foreman Phone occurred in or about February 2020. d. Target Cellphone-1 has also been in contact with a phone subscribed to in the name of "Isabel Maxwell,"

### Match 7
> cent contact between Target Cellphone-1 and the Haddon, Morgan, & Foreman Phone occurred in or about February 2020. d. Target Cellphone-1 has also been in contact with a phone subscribed to in the name of "Isabel Maxwell," which I know from my review of a law enforcement database is the name of GHISLAINE MAXWELL's sister (the "Isabel Maxwell Phone"). The most recent contact between Target Cellphone-1 and the Isabel Maxwell Phone occurred in or about August 2019. e. Target Cellphone-1 has also been in contact with a phone subscribed to in the name of "Laura Menninger," which I know from my review of cou

### Match 8
> between Target Cellphone-1 and the Isabel Maxwell Phone occurred in or about August 2019. e. Target Cellphone-1 has also been in contact with a phone subscribed to in the name of "Laura Menninger," which I know from my review of court records is the name of an attorney who currently represents GHISLAINE MAXWELL in civil litigation (the "Laura Menninger Phone"). The most recent contact between Target Cellphone-I and the Laura Menninger Phone occurred in or about August 2019. f. Target Cellphone-1 has also been in contact with a phone subscribed to in the name of "Scott Borgerson," which I know from my

### Match 9
> en Target Cellphone-I and the Laura Menninger Phone occurred in or about August 2019. f. Target Cellphone-1 has also been in contact with a phone subscribed to in the name of "Scott Borgerson," which I know from my review of bank records and Amazon records is the name of an individual with whom GHISLAINE MAXWELL shares a joint bank account and to whom MAXWELL's Amazon account has sent multiple packages within approximately the last year (the "Scott Borgerson Phone"). The most recent contact between Target Cellphone-1 and the Scott Borgerson Phone occurred in or about August 2019. 13. Accordingly, I res

### Match 10
> ast year (the "Scott Borgerson Phone"). The most recent contact between Target Cellphone-1 and the Scott Borgerson Phone occurred in or about August 2019. 13. Accordingly, I respectfully submit there is probable cause to believe that the location of Target Cellphone-1 will reveal the location of GHISLAINE MAXWELL. 6 2019.07.24 EFTA00026505 14. Based on my review of AT&T records, I have learned that Target Cellphone-2 is subscribed in the name of "G Max," which appears to be a shortened version of GHISLAINE MAXWELL's name. I further know from my review of AT&T records that Target Cellphone-2 has been
