# EFTA02303262

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Karyna Shulia Sent: Monday, October 14, 2013 10:39 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Thank you so much Eva, I wil= be back at Columbia on the days you mentioned and be at Mount Sinai again f=r 2 weeks end of November beginning of December, so may be we will figure o=t some time on those days if you will have any. Otherwise I am sure we will=get a chance later! S

**[FULL]:** e back at Columbia on the days you mentioned and be at Mount Sinai again f=r 2 weeks end of November beginning of December, so may be we will figure o=t some time on those days if you will have any. Otherwise I am sure we will=get a chance later! Sent from my iPhone On Oct 14, 201=, at 6:25 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: Karyna, I would love to show you the Dubin Breast Center. Would any of these times work for=you? October 29th — 1:00 or 1:30 October 31st — Any time between 1:=0 and 4:30 November 6th - Any time between 1:=0 and 4:00 Best, Eva 1 EFTA_R1_01174581 EFTA02303262

**[WORD]:** unt Sinai again f=r 2 weeks end of November beginning of December, so may be we will figure o=t some time on those days if you will have any. Otherwise I am sure we will=get a chance later! Sent from my iPhone On Oct 14, 201=, at 6:25 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: Karyna, I would love to show you the Dubin Breast Center. Would any of these times work for=you? October 29th — 1:00 or 1:30 October 31st — Any time between 1:=0 and 4:30 November 6th - Any time between 1:=0 and 4:00 Best, Eva 1 EFTA_R1_01174581 EFTA02303262

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Karyna Shulia 
Sent: 
Monday, October 14, 2013 10:39 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
Thank you so much Eva, 
I wil= be back at Columbia on the days you mentioned and be at Mount Sinai again f=r 2 weeks end of November 
beginning of December, so may be we will figure o=t some time on those days if you will have any. Otherwise I am sure 
we will=get a chance later! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 14, 201=, at 6:25 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
Karyna, 
I would love to show you the Dubin Breast Center. Would any of these times work for=you? 
October 29th — 1:00 or 1:30 
October 31st — Any time between 1:=0 and 4:30 
November 6th - Any time between 1:=0 and 4:00 
Best, 
Eva 
1 
EFTA_R1_01174581 
EFTA02303262

