# EFTA02677625

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: foundation, white house, president, hillary, bill, campaign

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** l, dangerous and divisive behavior across the country. This week I saw a news piece on NBC where RNC Chairman Reince Priebus presented a list of fantasy scandals that include the Rose Law Firm, the attempt to reform healthcare in 1992, to Fast and Furious gun policy and Benghazi as a reason that Hillary Clinton is unqualified to run for Preside=t even though all of those were manufactured and all have been proven to be false, and she hasn't even announced her candidacy. W=ether these are Republicans or Democrats perpetuating this type of behavior, or the dog eat=dog 24/7 broadcast cycle that p

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Gregory Brown < 
Sent: 
Sunday, January 12, 2014 11:00 AM 
To: 
undisclosed-recipients: 
Subject: 
Greg Brown's Weekend Reading and Other Things.... 1/12/2014 
Attachments: 
Untitled attachment 00303.docx; Untitled attachment 00306.docx; Untitled attachment 
00309.docx; Untitled attachment 00312.docx; Untitled attachment 00315.docx; Not 
Just About Us Thomas Friedmand_NYT_January 7, 2014.docx; Untitled attachment 
00318.docx; Untitled attachment 00321.docx 
DEAR =RIEND 
Saying Farewell to a Rock Icon <http://wa.w.nytimes.com/video/2014/01/04/arts/music/100000002633285/saying-
farewell-=o-a-rock-icon.html> 
A dear friend chas=ised me for not mentioning Phil Everly in last week's offering, because he die= last weekend at the 
age of 74. 
<=r> 
Web Link: http://nyti.ms/1gyyD7V 
=A0 
Phil Everly, as half of the Everly Brothers, =nspired the Beatles, Linda Ronstadt, Simon and Garfunkel and many others 
who recorded t=eir songs and tried to emulate their ringing vocal alchemy. During the late =950s and early 1960s, Phil 
Everly and his brother, Don (now 76), ranked among the elite in the music w=rld by virtue of their pitch-perfect 
harmonies and emotive lyrics. Singer=Phil Everly died a week ago Friday at 74 at St. Joseph's Hospital in Burbank CA (an 
institution that I know intimately). Rolling Stone labeled the Everly Brothers "the most important vocal duo in rock," 
having influenced the Beatles, the Beach Boys, Simon & Garfunkel and many other acts. Along the way, they notched 35 
Top 100 songs -- more than any other vocal pair. The Everly Brothers' sound -- with Don's lower register generally 
complementing Phil's higher =oice -- was the backbone of dozens of hits. 
Phil and Don were born in the business, the offspring of country and western singers Margaret and Ike Everly. The 
Everlys sang with their parents in live shows and on the radio. In the mid-'50s, while still teenagers, they moved to 
Nashville to be song=riters. In 1957, they found a Felice and Boudleaux Bryant song, "Bye Bye Love." According to "The 
Rolling Stone Encyclopedia of Rock & Roll," 30 acts had rejected the song, but the Everlys -- with the key guitar 
contributions of =het Atkins, who played on many of their hits -- took the song to No. 2 on the p=p charts. "They added 
EFTA_R1_01972710 
EFTA02677625

Bo Diddley riffs, teenage anxieties and sharkskin suits but -- for all that -- the core of their sound remained country 
brother harmony," read their bio on the Country Music Hall of Fame's website. After averaging a Top 10 hit every four 
months over the next few years, the Everl= Brothers inked a 10-year pact with Warner Brothers Records (formerly=part 
of CNN's parent company, Time Warner, though now ow=ed by Access Industries) in 1960. More success followed --
including "Cathy's Clown," which the duo wrote -- and they stayed particularly popular in Britain. 
apan style="font-size:12ptfont-family:Georgia,seritcolor:rgb(51,51,51)"= 
By the 1970s, the pair was performing in a band that also included legends Warren Zevon and Waddy Wachtel. But their 
time together=came to a sudden end in 1973, when Phil stormed off the stage during a show in California. Th= brothers 
reunited on stage and in the studio 10 years later, leading to more albums, including "EB 84" (including the McCartney-
written "On the Wings of a Nightingale") and "Born Yesterday." Their remaining years were highlights by occasional 
shows, hall of fame induction= and various other honors, including a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1997. 
Who are the Millennials? 
<https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?=i=2&ik=875c48a476&view=att&th=1436f30dd757c867&att=d=0.1&disp=safe&rea 
lattid=ii_1436130dd757c867&zw> 
Having two childre= born between 1982 and 2002 I should know something about Millennials Baby Boomers and there 
was a generation called Generation X that is in between. As a result of doing research for this piece, I discovered that 
prior to the Baby Boome=s, Americans born from 1901 through 1945 are called the Greatest Generation as this 
generation was shaped by two World Wars and the Grea= Depression and transform the United States into the greatest 
country in the world. And depending on what you read there are a number of sub-categories, GI Generation (1901 to 
=924), Silent Generation (1925 to 1925), Hippie Generation (=946 to 1964), Baby Busters (1965 to 1980), Generation X 
(1975 to 1980), Generation YGeneration Z (1995 to now). And as you will see some of these generations overlap 
because there are no =recise dates when a generation begins or ends. But again, who are th= Millennials? 
List of Generations Chart, web link: 
http://ww=.esdsl.pt/site/images/stories/isacosta/secondary_pages/10%C2%BA_blockl/Gen=rations%20Chart.pdf 
<http://www.esdsl.pt/site/images/stories/=sacosta/secondary_pages/10%C2%BA_blockl/Generations%20Chart.pdf> 
The Millennialab> generation is the generation of children born between 1982 and 2002, some 81 million children who 
have t=ken over K-12, have already entered college and the workforce. This generati=n will replace the Baby-boomers 
as they retire. The Millennials have different characteristics th=n any generation before them and in order to serve 
them better, K-12 education and colleges =nd universities are having to change the way they do business. The 
Millenni=ls have grown up in a society that is very different than any group before them. They have been plugged i=to 
technology since they were babies, are a safe generation, are the first generation for which Hispanics/Latinos will be the 
largest minority group instead of African Americans and have the most educated mothers of any generation before 
them. They are the most scheduled generation ever, are true multi-taskers, expect to have 6-8 careers in their lifetime 
and are attracted to diverse environments. The=Millennial student has been a different animal for their teachers. K-12 
institution=, colleges, universities and now the work force are wondering how to motivate and meet the expectations =f 
this generation. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01972711 
EFTA02677626

Some have argued that the Millennials have transcended the ideological battles spawned by the counterculture of the 
19=0s, which persist today in the form of culture wars. This is further documen=ed in Strauss & Howe's book titled 
Millennials Rising: The Next Great Generation<=i>, which describes the Millennial generation as "civic-minded," 
reject=ng the attitudes of the Baby Boomers and Generation X. Since the =000 U.S. Census, which allowed people to 
select more than one racial group, "Millennials"=in abundance have asserted their right to have all their heritages 
respected, counted, and acknowledged. A 2013 po=1 in the United Kingdom found that Generation Y was more "o=en-
minded than their parents on controversial topics". Of thos= surveyed nearly 65% supported same-sex marriage. While 
there was a "near-equal split" Millennials came of age in a time where the entertainment industry was affected by the 
Internet. 
American sociologi=t Kathleen Shaputis labeled Millennials as the boomerang generation or Peter Pan generation, 
because of the members' perceived tendency for delaying=some rites of passage into adulthood, for longer periods than 
most generations before them. These labels were also a reference to a trend toward members living with their parents 
for longer periods than previous generations. According to Kimberly Palmer, "High housing prices, the rising cost of 
higher education, and the relative affluence of the older generation are among the factors driving th= trend." However, 
other explanations are seen as contributing. Questions regarding a clear definition of what it means to be an adult also 
impacts a debate about delayed transitions into adulthood and the emergence of a new life stage, Emerging Adulthood. 
For instance, one stu=y by professors at Brigham Young University found that college students are more likely now to 
define "adult" based on certain personal abilities and characteristics rather than more traditional "rite of passage"=/i> 
events. 
And if you have be=n in the presence of any Millennials, they are addicted to social media and would rather text then 
speak. But =f there is one thing that singularly defines Millennials, it is that they are absorbed by themselves with an 
insatiable need for immediate gratificat=on which is often in contrast to their tolerance for others, as such they are =n 
interesting bunch with a world of challenges ahead and the access to an unprecedented amount of information, far 
more than any other previous generation. =/p> 
Obviously this is not true in many other countries, as Millennials in the Middle East and in European countries who have 
been hard hit by =he 2007/8 recession where the young people have limited employment and career prospects. These 
groups can be=considered to be more or less synonymous with Generation Y, or at least major sub-groups in those 
countries. Needless to say they are much less optimistic than their American counterparts in the Western Hemisphere 
=nd in Asia. Even still these people have more opportunities than previous generations. 
=br> 
As many of you may have surmised television is t=uly my mistress, but that's what happens when you grow up watching 
the neighbor=92s television on Sunday nights when they opened their door so that the kids an= other adults in the 
3 
EFTA_R1_01972712 
EFTA02677627

building could sit on the stairs and watch along with t=em. At the age of eleven, I saved up enough so that I could buy 
my mother and me a 19 inch Philco television set. And ore of my perennial favorite television shows over the decades 
has been 60 Minutes. So I was truly=surprised at the hatch job journalism of last Sunday's segment, 'Cleantech 
Crash,'=which critics have called a "hit job," a "debacle," an =i>"about face" and even "Dumb & Dumber Part 3.&q=ot; 
Web Link: http://www.cbsnews.com/videos/the-clean