# EFTA02578713

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, roberts, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: Where are you=|

---

**[WORD]:** Stephanie Seymour and their boys Harry and Pet=r, who were never children, so they got in....one of Julian Schnable's=daughters was there...Stella? EFTA_R1_01752650 EFTA02578713 Page six ran an item today planted by that idiot Andrew Saffir saying St. B=rths is over. Yes, it is for morons like Andrew Saffir. Jeffrey (I personally an thrilled Ronald Perelman and Harvey Weinstein are gone!) More later. On Austin Hearst's catamaran, "Slim" now. Wish you were here...xoxo peggy Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T The =nformation contained in this communication is confidential, may be atto=ney-client p

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, January 1, 2014 3:36 PM 
To: 
Peggy Siegal 
Subject: 
Re: Where are you! 
Subject: Re: Where are you= 
pb with woody 
On Sun, Dec 29, 2013 at 11:42 AM,= < 
I am totally ready to come visit. 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Do you need some comic relief... 
Actually having a great time here but would LOVE to see your island. 
Going home on Jan. 4th with Peter Brant. Larry Gagosian had a great dinn=r party last night. Send attached list. 
Debbie and Leon Black are here on "Star Catcher"...I though she k=pt saying "Star Fucker". They have a lunch 
on Dec. 30th on t=e boat. 
From last night...the email I sent to Sandy Gallin this morning...he was su=posed to be on David Geffen's boat, 
but David ignores Sandy's blon= uneducated boyfriend and the boyfriend refused to come on "Rising Su="....so Sandy 
went to Donna Karan's. 
To Sandy... 
David G. made a rare appearance on dry land....and was the hit of the party= He came early and left 
earlier...with Dasha, who was on her way tonigh= to join Roman A. in Moscow for the Russian New Year. Beats me why 
anyo=e would leave the Caribbean before 2014 to freeze in that Red Square. 
Janie and Jimmy Buffet send their love...and Robbie Robertson says life on =he boat isn't the same without you. 
Carol Bayer Sager and Bob Daley came with DG. 
Brett Ratner and Lawrence Bender were additional L.A. people missing your b=-coastal take on the world. 
Aby Rosen, Samantha Boardman, Catie and Don Marron with their very tall chi=dren, Debbie and Leon Black 
without their children because Larry hates chi=dren and forbids them at the party, Sir Ronald Cohen and Sharon Harel-
Cohe= from London: She just produced "The Invisible Women" with Ralph=Fiennes and who brought their children by 
mistake, Izak and Sarah Senba=ar, he owns part of the Mark Hotel 
Brooke and Dan Neidich, Katie Lee (=x-Joel) and 
Marc Jacobs and bf. 
Peter Brant brought gorgeous Stephanie Seymour and their boys Harry and Pet=r, who were never children, so 
they got in....one of Julian Schnable's=daughters was there...Stella? 
EFTA_R1_01752650 
EFTA02578713

Page six ran an item today planted by that idiot Andrew Saffir saying St. B=rths is over. Yes, it is for morons like 
Andrew Saffir. 
Jeffrey 
(I personally an thrilled Ronald Perelman and Harvey Weinstein are gone!) 
More later. On Austin Hearst's catamaran, "Slim" now. 
Wish you were here...xoxo peggy 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
The =nformation contained in this communication is confidential, may be atto=ney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
The information contained in =his communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, m =y 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01752651 
EFTA02578714

