# EFTA00010945 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Fro Ti Cc: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, "USANYS- CRIMINAL PARALEGALS" <USANYS-CRIMINALPARALEGAL u a d 'v> ANY INVE TI ATIR C ANY -INVE TI ATIR usa.d. .!ov> Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell - 'pens Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 19:03:04 +0000 About to start Sent from my iPhone On Nov 29, 2021, at 12:58 PM We (finally!) have our jury. Preliminary instructions are happening now, and 1:45. Come support! Sent from my iPhone ote: will open after lunch, around On Nov 28, 2021, at 9:59 A

### Match 2
> Fro Ti Cc: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, "USANYS- CRIMINAL PARALEGALS" <USANYS-CRIMINALPARALEGAL u a d 'v> ANY INVE TI ATIR C ANY -INVE TI ATIR usa.d. .!ov> Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell - 'pens Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 19:03:04 +0000 About to start Sent from my iPhone On Nov 29, 2021, at 12:58 PM We (finally!) have our jury. Preliminary instructions are happening now, and 1:45. Come support! Sent from my iPhone ote: will open after lunch, around On Nov 28, 2021, a

### Match 3
> have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable. 'Mill open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318 Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906.
