# EFTA00014916 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 24

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, July 3, 2020 12:42 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 18:14:21 +0000 On Jul 3, 2020, at 2:01 PM, Yes Sent from my iPhone wrote: On Jul 3, 2020, at 1:01 PM, wrote: Thanks! Am I correct that this means Maxwell will be able to call both Chris and Mark today? (And please tellahi back!) On Jul 3, 2020, at 12:47 PM,

### Match 2
> t from my iPhone wrote: On Jul 3, 2020, at 1:01 PM, wrote: Thanks! Am I correct that this means Maxwell will be able to call both Chris and Mark today? (And please tellahi back!) On Jul 3, 2020, at 12:47 PM, Done. P.S. aays hi! From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 12:42 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Terrific, thanks very much. Both attorneys are partners at Cohen & Gresser LLP. Chris Everdell's number i Mark Cohen's number Thanks again, wrote: EFTA00014916 From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:39 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody is on it. Can I please have name o

### Match 3
> y, July 3, 2020 12:42 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Terrific, thanks very much. Both attorneys are partners at Cohen & Gresser LLP. Chris Everdell's number i Mark Cohen's number Thanks again, wrote: EFTA00014916 From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:39 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? Thanks. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Appreciate it, thank you. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwel

### Match 4
> Cohen's number Thanks again, wrote: EFTA00014916 From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:39 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? Thanks. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Appreciate it, thank you. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will caller and advise - he can be a little touchy. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM, > wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with about it, but my

### Match 5
> hislaine Maxwell custody is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? Thanks. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Appreciate it, thank you. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will caller and advise - he can be a little touchy. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM, > wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with about it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to

### Match 6
> 20, at 11:13 AM, > wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with about it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reach out to directly to discuss. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:05 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will try. Can I start with J Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 10:23 AM, he may be in the best position to get it done? wrote: Thanks very much for passing this along. The permitted attorney contact on the list below only includes Vogelman without reference to her New York co

### Match 7
> eak with on the phone, please? EFTA00014917 Ideally, we would like to get them added today so that they can speak with their client over the weekend to facilitate our discussions with them about next steps in the case. Thanks, From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: >; Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" Cc: > Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If

### Match 8
> discussions with them about next steps in the case. Thanks, From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: >; Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" Cc: > Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The following directi

### Match 9
> From: To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 18:14:21 +0000 On Jul 3, 2020, at 2:01 PM, Yes Sent from my iPhone wrote: On Jul 3, 2020, at 1:01 PM, wrote: Thanks! Am I correct that this means Maxwell will be able to call both Chris and Mark today? (And please tellahi back!) On Jul 3, 2020, at 1

### Match 10
> t from my iPhone wrote: On Jul 3, 2020, at 1:01 PM, wrote: Thanks! Am I correct that this means Maxwell will be able to call both Chris and Mark today? (And please tellahi back!) On Jul 3, 2020, at 12:47 PM, Done. P.S. aays hi! From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 12:42 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Terrific, thanks very much. Both attorneys are partners at Cohen & Gresser LLP. Chris Everdell's number i Mark Cohen's number Thanks again, wrote: EFTA00014916 From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:39 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody is on it. Can I please hav
