# EFTA00028701 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov
- **To:** "
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> e of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 06/02/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: MOTION ORDER, denying Appellant's renewed motion for bail or to remand to the district court [89] filed by Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, by PNL, RJL, RJS, FILED. [3112207][96] [21-58, 21-770] Notice will be electronically mailed to: David Oscar Markus -: Ms. Bobbi C. Stemheim, EFTA00028701 Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document

### Match 2
> e of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 06/02/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: MOTION ORDER, denying Appellant's renewed motion for bail or to remand to the district court [89] filed by Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, by PNL, RJL, RJS, FILED. [3112207][96] [21-58, 21-770] Notice will be electronically mailed to: David Oscar Markus -: Ms. Bobbi C. Stemheim, EFTA00028701 Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are associated with this transaction:

### Match 3
> From: ' (USANYS)" To: 'a l Subject: Fwd: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail" Date: Wed, 02 Jun 2021 14:59:01 +0000 Awesome work! Begin forwarded message: From: cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov Date: June 2, 2021 at 10:16:05 AM EDT To: " (USANYS)" Subject: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail" ***

### Match 4
> ct: Fwd: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail" Date: Wed, 02 Jun 2021 14:59:01 +0000 Awesome work! Begin forwarded message: From: cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov Date: June 2, 2021 at 10:16:05 AM EDT To: " (USANYS)" Subject: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion Order FILED denying for bail" ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electronically, if receipt is required

### Match 5
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 06/02/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: MOTION ORDER, denying Appellant's renewed motion for bail or to remand to the district court [89] filed by Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, by PNL, RJL, RJS, FILED. [3112207][96] [21-58, 21-770] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Dav
