# EFTA02574698

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, October 29, 2017 3:09 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Yes he said ceftin On Sun, Oct 29, 2017 at 10:45 AM Eva Dubin Did you speak to Moscowitz? Please note, my email address has changed to wrote: On Oct 29, 2017, at 10:39 AM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= target=> " <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:j=evacati

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, October 29, 2017 3:09 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Yes he said ceftin On Sun, Oct 29, 2017 at 10:45 AM Eva Dubin Did you speak to Moscowitz? Please note, my email address has changed to wrote: On Oct 29, 2017, at 10:39 AM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= target=> " <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:j=evacation@gmail.com» wrote= better , but not well. started 500mg ceftin. =C2 , knocke

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, October 29, 2017 3:09 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
Yes he said ceftin 
On Sun, Oct 29, 2017 at 10:45 AM Eva Dubin 
Did you speak to Moscowitz? 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
wrote: 
On Oct 29, 2017, at 10:39 AM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= target=> " 
<jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:j=evacation@gmail.com» wrote= 
better , but not well. started 500mg ceftin. =C2 , knocked me out 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
EFTA_R1_01745727 
EFTA02574698

Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by ermail to 
jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
--94eb2c03a2a8fba4b0055cb0e550-- conversation-id 25754 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 15O9289722 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 763273 
2 
EFTA_R1_01745728 
EFTA02574699

