# EFTA02223201

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** To: From: ami a e sten- onsen Sent Tue 9/26/2017 9:35:19 PM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Hi I= Very nice to meet you too! Oslo is unfortunately no longer playing in nyc, but is playing in London, so if Andrew Farkas is planning to be there in the near future I'm sure we can arrange tickets for him there. Best, Camilla Sent from my iPhonc On Sep 26, 2017, at 16:45, wrote: Hi Camilla! So nice to finally meet you! question,,,is Oslo still playing? Jeffrey was requesting I get tickets for Andrew Far

**[WORD]:** if Andrew Farkas is planning to be there in the near future I'm sure we can arrange tickets for him there. Best, Camilla Sent from my iPhonc On Sep 26, 2017, at 16:45, wrote: Hi Camilla! So nice to finally meet you! question,,,is Oslo still playing? Jeffrey was requesting I get tickets for Andrew Farkas to Oslo, but I am thinking it is not playing? If it is still playing...do you think it would be possible to get us tickets to Oslo!? We will pay for them of course! EFTA_R1_00961682 EFTA02223201

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
ami a e sten- onsen 
Sent 
Tue 9/26/2017 9:35:19 PM 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi I= 
Very nice to meet you too! 
Oslo is unfortunately no longer playing in nyc, but is playing in London, so if Andrew Farkas is 
planning to be there in the near future I'm sure we can arrange tickets for him there. 
Best, 
Camilla 
Sent from my iPhonc 
On Sep 26, 2017, at 16:45, 
wrote: 
Hi Camilla! So nice to finally meet you! question,,,is Oslo still playing? Jeffrey was requesting I 
get tickets for Andrew Farkas to Oslo, but I am thinking it is not playing? 
If it is still playing...do you think it would be possible to get us tickets to Oslo!? We will pay for 
them of course! 
EFTA_R1_00961682 
EFTA02223201

