# EFTA02557952

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, celina

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: IMG-20120719-00061.jpg|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Saturday, July 21, 2012 6:59 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: IMG-20120719-00061.jpg We are leaving Bodrum today ( very trendy and south of France like) to fly =0 Dalaman were we meet my parents and brother and go on the boat. I hope l=have cell service. I will call you!! We will b

**[FULL]:** h there. We =ill never forget that day! Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Fri, 20 Jul 2012 21:24:05 To: Subject: Re: IMG-20120719-00061.jpg I want to hear more about Irak day =0A=0A=n Fri, Jul 20, 2012 at 5:22 PM, Eva Dubin > wrote: =ent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry =0A=0A=0A=0A=- =he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauth

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Saturday, July 21, 2012 6:59 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: IMG-20120719-00061.jpg 
We are leaving Bodrum today ( very trendy and south of France like) to fly =0 Dalaman were we meet my parents and 
brother and go on the boat. I hope l=have cell service. I will call you!! We will be home Thursday evening in N=. Where 
will you be?? 
Irak experience has to be told in person with me and Celina both there. We =ill never forget that day! 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 20 Jul 2012 21:24:05 
To: 
Subject: Re: IMG-20120719-00061.jpg 
I want to hear more about Irak day 
=0A=0A=n Fri, Jul 20, 2012 at 5:22 PM, Eva Dubin 
> wrote: 
=ent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
=0A=0A=0A=0A=-
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =nd may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<I nteger>225999</i nteger> 
<key>date-last-yiewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1342854012</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>236492</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01717338 
EFTA02557952

