# EFTA00038107 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 'a'
- **To:** '
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** C-20 request for assistance

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: 'a' To:' Cc: "a Subject: C-20 request for assistance Date: Thu, 01 Oct 2020 11:25:15 +0000 Importance: Normal Hi I will send it out. On Sep 30, 2020 5:48 PM, "=I MINIMM> wrote: Hey= We are looking for some assistance regarding our Maxwell investigation. We are looking for 2 volunteers to help us out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. We have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so we would have a laptop and hard drive that would have to be shown to them at MDC. It c

### Match 2
> portance: Normal Hi I will send it out. On Sep 30, 2020 5:48 PM, "=I MINIMM> wrote: Hey= We are looking for some assistance regarding our Maxwell investigation. We are looking for 2 volunteers to help us out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. We have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so we would have a laptop and hard drive that would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. I'm happy to discuss more in depth if there are questions. Would

### Match 3
> to help us out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. We have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so we would have a laptop and hard drive that would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. I'm happy to discuss more in depth if there are questions. Would you mind sending this request out to agents to see if anyone would be willing? Thanks for your help, Special Agent FBI New York Field Office Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking C: EFTA0003810
