# EFTA00016528 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 9

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Exhibit A EFTA00016528 CONFIDEN'TIAIJPRIVILEGED/SEALED November 19, 2020 Dear Judge Nathan, I respectfully submit this letter in support of Ghislaine Maxwell's bail application. History 1. 2. 3. 4. The person described in the criminal charges is not the person we know. I have never witnessed anything close to inappropriate with Ghislaine; quite to the contrary, the Ghislaine I know is a wonderful and loving rson. Privacy 5. Until the explosion

### Match 2
> Exhibit A EFTA00016528 CONFIDEN'TIAIJPRIVILEGED/SEALED November 19, 2020 Dear Judge Nathan, I respectfully submit this letter in support of Ghislaine Maxwell's bail application. History 1. 2. 3. 4. The person described in the criminal charges is not the person we know. I have never witnessed anything close to inappropriate with Ghislaine; quite to the contrary, the Ghislaine I know is a wonderful and loving rson. Privacy 5. Until the e

### Match 3
> IVILEGED/SEALED November 19, 2020 Dear Judge Nathan, I respectfully submit this letter in support of Ghislaine Maxwell's bail application. History 1. 2. 3. 4. The person described in the criminal charges is not the person we know. I have never witnessed anything close to inappropriate with Ghislaine; quite to the contrary, the Ghislaine I know is a wonderful and loving rson. Privacy 5. Until the explosion of media interest that followed the arrest and subs uent death in custod of Jeffre E stein in Jul thru Au t 2019, n Page EFTA00016529 . was, o course, aware o ame s previous re awns

### Match 4
> ar Judge Nathan, I respectfully submit this letter in support of Ghislaine Maxwell's bail application. History 1. 2. 3. 4. The person described in the criminal charges is not the person we know. I have never witnessed anything close to inappropriate with Ghislaine; quite to the contrary, the Ghislaine I know is a wonderful and loving rson. Privacy 5. Until the explosion of media interest that followed the arrest and subs uent death in custod of Jeffre E stein in Jul thru Au t 2019, n Page EFTA00016529 . was, o course, aware o ame s previous re awns p wi Epstein, a person I have never

### Match 5
> nd subs uent death in custod of Jeffre E stein in Jul thru Au t 2019, n Page EFTA00016529 . was, o course, aware o ame s previous re awns p wi Epstein, a person I have never met nor had an communication. The media covers e of E stein is ve different toda than it was 8. The "reporting" of Ghislaine over the past year has exploded exponentially. From the time of Epstein's arrest and death in custody in the summer of 2019 until Ghislaine's own arrest in July of this year, huge and increasingly frightening levels of media interest meant There are many examples of violence whose seeds were bo

### Match 6
> ns p wi Epstein, a person I have never met nor had an communication. The media covers e of E stein is ve different toda than it was 8. The "reporting" of Ghislaine over the past year has exploded exponentially. From the time of Epstein's arrest and death in custody in the summer of 2019 until Ghislaine's own arrest in July of this year, huge and increasingly frightening levels of media interest meant There are many examples of violence whose seeds were born in conspiracy theories, and the experiences of QAnon, Pizzagate, and the recent Judge Salas attack are terrifying. are many other gross

### Match 7
> , re ear even put a ".. ler lea I . Wage EFTA00016530 Despite our best efforts, there have still been life alterin media's harassment. CODS uences as a result of the There are other examples of painful and real loss like this due to the media's aggressive treatment of those who simply know Ghislaine; the entire experience has been most regrettable. My support for her bail application 12. I believe that Ghislaine had nothing to do with Epstein's crimes. She has pleaded not guilty and denied the criminal allegations against her, and I fully believe that it is her intent and desire to remain

### Match 8
> n media's harassment. CODS uences as a result of the There are other examples of painful and real loss like this due to the media's aggressive treatment of those who simply know Ghislaine; the entire experience has been most regrettable. My support for her bail application 12. I believe that Ghislaine had nothing to do with Epstein's crimes. She has pleaded not guilty and denied the criminal allegations against her, and I fully believe that it is her intent and desire to remain in the U.S. to face the ensuing process and to clear her name. Over the past few years she has had dozens of alterna

### Match 9
> forward as a co-signer of her first bail application for the reasons stated above, to rotect from ferocious media aggression. 13. I believe wholeheartedly in GInslame s commitment to stand trial and not to seek to leave the jurisdiction should her bail application be successful. I pray for Ghislaine's safety. I am praying for justice. And I pray for her constitutionally afforded due process. With humility and deep compassion, I am also praying for Epstein's victims. Wage EFTA00016531
