# EFTA02316564

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>|
|To|Feierstein, Kimberly|
|Sent|Sunday, ep em er = ,|
|Subject|Fwd:=o:p>|

---

**[FULL]:** of the table by chance so he know how large of a truck to or=anize? Also, is that a coffee table in the same pic? If it is, is it avail=ble as well? Begin forwarded message: From Date: September 28, 2=12 6:03:18 AM EDT =span style=lont-size:13.5ptfont-family:"Helvetica","sans-serir>To: <=span>Eva Andersson Hey K=m, EFTA_R1_01216134 EFTA02316564 The only thing that=might be useful to us is the wooden plank dining table in this photo. Also=not sure if the wooden coffee table is available too? That would be it fro= the Palm Beach batch. The issue I have is that Janusz is in NY at the mom=nt filli

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Feierstein, Kimberly O> 
Sent: 
Monda October 1, 2012 12:50 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
RE: Fwd: 
Can he me=t Brenda on Tuesday at 1:00? Her cell in case he needs it is ( 
The dimensions of the big table 
is roughly 3x5. Also, =he other thing in the pic is a chaise lounge, not a coffee table. 
Thanks. 
From:=/b> 
Sent: Sunday, ep em er = , 
: 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Fwd:=o:p> 
Hey Kim, 
Janusz ended up going back to PB for a few days, so he will be there this=week Tuesday and Wed. I can have him arrange 
to pick up the large plank wo=den table and have it taken to our storage unit. Would you be able to get =he dimensions 
of the table by chance so he know how large of a truck to or=anize? Also, is that a coffee table in the same pic? If it is, is 
it avail=ble as well? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From 
Date: September 28, 2=12 6:03:18 AM EDT 
=span style=lont-size:13.5ptfont-family:"Helvetica","sans-serir>To: <=span>Eva Andersson 
Hey K=m, 
EFTA_R1_01216134 
EFTA02316564

The only thing that=might be useful to us is the wooden plank dining table in this photo. Also=not sure if the wooden 
coffee table is available too? That would be it fro= the Palm Beach batch. The issue I have is that Janusz is in NY at the 
mom=nt filling in for the NY staff while they are on vacation. We don't have a=yone in PB right now who could come pick 
up the items. Is there anyway we =ould pick up the table at a later date? 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It =ay contain confidential information. If you are 
not the intended recipient=you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of=this e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have rece=ved this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender 
by replying=to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your syst=m. Thank you. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01216135 
EFTA02316565

