# EFTA02525150

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Gi Feather On Behalf Of </=>Gerald Barton|
|To|'C=en, Katharine'|
|Sent|Thursday, June 04, 2009 2:04 PM|
|Subject|RE: Meeting with Andrew Farkas|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, June 8, 2009 11:59 AM To: Gerald Barton Subject: Re: FW: Meeting with Andrew Farkas I'm also goin to put you in touch with the starwood guys that started T=UNE On Thu, • = Barton <mailto > wrote: FYI. Gerald G. Barton Landmark Land Company, =nc. Phone: Fax: =font> DISCLAIMER: This email message, including any attached=files and subsequent replies, is intended o

**[WORD]:** is e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by either teleph=ne or e-mail, and delete the original and any copies from your computer system= Thank you. From: Chen, Katharine [mailtca Sent: Thursday, June 04, 2009 12:14 PM To: Gerald Barton Cc: Dowling, David Subject: Meeting with Andrew=20 Farkas Hi Jerry, Your meeting with Andrew Farkas is confirmed for Monday, June 15 at 11:30am here at our offices in New York. l=anticipate this meeting will last one hour, if you need longer please let me know. Als=, what would you like for lunch? Our address is: Thanks, Katharine Chen 2

**[WORD]:** mediately by either teleph=ne or e-mail, and delete the original and any copies from your computer system= Thank you. From: Chen, Katharine [mailtca Sent: Thursday, June 04, 2009 12:14 PM To: Gerald Barton Cc: Dowling, David Subject: Meeting with Andrew=20 Farkas Hi Jerry, Your meeting with Andrew Farkas is confirmed for Monday, June 15 at 11:30am here at our offices in New York. l=anticipate this meeting will last one hour, if you need longer please let me know. Als=, what would you like for lunch? Our address is: Thanks, Katharine Chen 2 EFTA_R1_01664751 EFTA02525151

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, June 8, 2009 11:59 AM 
To: 
Gerald Barton 
Subject: 
Re: FW: Meeting with Andrew Farkas 
I'm also goin to put you in touch with the starwood guys that started T=UNE 
On Thu, 
• 
= Barton 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
FYI. 
Gerald G. Barton 
Landmark Land Company, =nc. 
Phone: 
Fax: 
=font> 
DISCLAIMER: This email message, including any attached=files and subsequent replies, is intended only for the 
exclusive use of the indiv=dual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is proprietary, 
privileged, confidential and/or exempt from disclosure under=20 applicable law. If the reader of this e-mail message is 
not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any viewing, copying, disclosure or=20 distribution of this 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have rece=ved this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
either teleph=ne or e-mail, and delete the original and any copies from your computer system= Thank you. 
From: Gi Feather On Behalf Of </=>Gerald Barton 
Sent: Thursday, June 04, 2009 2:04 PM 
To: 'C=en, Katharine' 
Subject: RE: Meeting with Andrew Farkas 
Ms. Chen, 
I anticipate being in your office at 11:30 on June 15th for approximately one hour. As for lunch, I will have what 
Andrew has, a= I am sure he has superior knowledge. If that doesn't work, I'll =ave the salad of your choice. 
look forward to seeing you then. Thank you. 
Jerry 
EFTA_R1_01664750 
EFTA02525150

Gerald G. Barton 
Landmark Land Company, =nc. 
Phone: 
Fax: (1 
=font> 
DISCLAIMER: This e-mail message, including any attached=files and subsequent replies, is intended only for the 
exclusive use of the indiv=dual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is proprietary, 
privileged, confidential and/or exempt from disclosure under=20 applicable law. If the reader of this e-mail message is 
not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any viewing, copying, disclosure or=20 distribution of this 
communication is strictly prohibited. If you have rece=ved this e-mail in error, please notify the sender immediately by 
either teleph=ne or e-mail, and delete the original and any copies from your computer system= Thank you. 
From: Chen, Katharine [mailtca 
Sent: Thursday, June 04, 2009 12:14 PM 
To: Gerald Barton 
Cc: Dowling, David 
Subject: Meeting with Andrew=20 Farkas 
Hi Jerry, 
Your meeting with Andrew Farkas is confirmed for Monday, June 15 at 11:30am here at our offices in New York. 
l=anticipate this meeting will last one hour, if you need longer please let me know. Als=, what would you like for lunch? 
Our address is: 
Thanks, 
Katharine Chen 
2 
EFTA_R1_01664751 
EFTA02525151

