# EFTA00032083 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 10

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: "IIM =MY aNIMIE> To: Cc: ' INII6 ><Wairasli... > Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Thu, 02 Sep 2021 19:24:03 +0000 Attachments: 127129690648.pdf Hi Once you've had the chance to look into this, mind having a call to discuss please? Thanks. Begin forwarded message: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Date: a tember 2 2021 at 3:22:42 PM EDT To: Cc: Christian Everdell

### Match 2
> Date: Thu, 02 Sep 2021 19:24:03 +0000 Attachments: 127129690648.pdf Hi Once you've had the chance to look into this, mind having a call to discuss please? Thanks. Begin forwarded message: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Date: a tember 2 2021 at 3:22:42 PM EDT To: Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Good afternoon- In compliance with the Court's order, dated August 25th (attached), I hereby notify you of recent third-party interference with the "secure" Webex line used for confidential/privileged communication between Ms. Maxwell and counsel. At the conclusion of yesterday aftern

### Match 3
> From: "IIM =MY aNIMIE> To: Cc: ' INII6 ><Wairasli... > Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Thu, 02 Sep 2021 19:24:03 +0000 Attachments: 127129690648.pdf Hi Once you've had the chance to look into this, mind having a call to discuss please? Thanks. Begin forwarded message: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Date: a tember 2 2021 at 3:22:42 PM EDT To: Cc: Christian E

### Match 4
> Date: Thu, 02 Sep 2021 19:24:03 +0000 Attachments: 127129690648.pdf Hi Once you've had the chance to look into this, mind having a call to discuss please? Thanks. Begin forwarded message: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Date: a tember 2 2021 at 3:22:42 PM EDT To: Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Good afternoon- In compliance with the Court's order, dated August 25th (attached), I hereby notify you of recent third-party interference with the "secure" Webex line used for confidential/privileged communication between Ms. Maxwell and counsel. At the conclusion of yesterda

### Match 5
> PM EDT To: Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Good afternoon- In compliance with the Court's order, dated August 25th (attached), I hereby notify you of recent third-party interference with the "secure" Webex line used for confidential/privileged communication between Ms. Maxwell and counsel. At the conclusion of yesterday afternoon's VTC session, Ms. Maxwell observed suspicious activity on the VTC monitor. She alerted MDC staff, and Case Manageretnessed the activity. This is contrary to the Court's finding that "according to the Government and MDC Legal [Ms. Maxwell]'s

### Match 6
> ternoon- In compliance with the Court's order, dated August 25th (attached), I hereby notify you of recent third-party interference with the "secure" Webex line used for confidential/privileged communication between Ms. Maxwell and counsel. At the conclusion of yesterday afternoon's VTC session, Ms. Maxwell observed suspicious activity on the VTC monitor. She alerted MDC staff, and Case Manageretnessed the activity. This is contrary to the Court's finding that "according to the Government and MDC Legal [Ms. Maxwell]'s difficulties communicating with counsel have been resolved" and contrary to "MDC

### Match 7
> en Ms. Maxwell and counsel. At the conclusion of yesterday afternoon's VTC session, Ms. Maxwell observed suspicious activity on the VTC monitor. She alerted MDC staff, and Case Manageretnessed the activity. This is contrary to the Court's finding that "according to the Government and MDC Legal [Ms. Maxwell]'s difficulties communicating with counsel have been resolved" and contrary to "MDC's Legal assurances that [Ms. Maxwell]'s legal communication has not been interfered with..." Previously, the MDC has disputed such claims concerning interference with VTC communication between Ms. Maxwell and co

### Match 8
> ity on the VTC monitor. She alerted MDC staff, and Case Manageretnessed the activity. This is contrary to the Court's finding that "according to the Government and MDC Legal [Ms. Maxwell]'s difficulties communicating with counsel have been resolved" and contrary to "MDC's Legal assurances that [Ms. Maxwell]'s legal communication has not been interfered with..." Previously, the MDC has disputed such claims concerning interference with VTC communication between Ms. Maxwell and counsel. Now, an MDC insider bears witness to complaint by Ms. Maxwell and counsel. Please provide explanation for this int

### Match 9
> Legal [Ms. Maxwell]'s difficulties communicating with counsel have been resolved" and contrary to "MDC's Legal assurances that [Ms. Maxwell]'s legal communication has not been interfered with..." Previously, the MDC has disputed such claims concerning interference with VTC communication between Ms. Maxwell and counsel. Now, an MDC insider bears witness to complaint by Ms. Maxwell and counsel. Please provide explanation for this interference and evidence of remediation before I report this latest problem to the Court. Thank you- Bobbi EFTA00032083 *Please note my new office address and preferred

### Match 10
> olved" and contrary to "MDC's Legal assurances that [Ms. Maxwell]'s legal communication has not been interfered with..." Previously, the MDC has disputed such claims concerning interference with VTC communication between Ms. Maxwell and counsel. Now, an MDC insider bears witness to complaint by Ms. Maxwell and counsel. Please provide explanation for this interference and evidence of remediation before I report this latest problem to the Court. Thank you- Bobbi EFTA00032083 *Please note my new office address and preferred email address: Please note my new office address and preferred email addre
