# EFTA00020508 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 3

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> troduced himself as a model scout. Villeneuve laughed in response to Cox's introduction and said "No, you're a pimp." Villeneuve, Cox and then went to the party. They entered the property through the back yard and Villeneuve said she would go inside to speak with the hostess which believes was Ghislaine Maxwell. When Villeneuve took inside Villeneuve told to stay close and not go into any of the rooms. Villeneuve took to meet a man named Curt Schmidt, who is currently the CEO of Blue Buffalo. When Villeneuve and approached Schmidt he asked Villeneuve if was cool. stated she was cool. Villeneuve sa

### Match 2
> tern Time, number called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report information regarding a Jeffrey Epstein party. date of birth cellular telephone provided the following information: met Lisa Villeneuve at a hospital where they were roommates in 2000. Villeneuve now goes by Ghislaine Lisa Villeneuve and sells real estate in Irving California. After and Villeneuve left the hospital they remained friends. Later that year in 2000 around Christmas time Villeneuve invited to a party on Palm Beach Island, FL. believes the house belong to Epstein. Before the part Villeneuve took

### Match 3
> troduced himself as a model scout. Villeneuve laughed in response to Cox's introduction and said "No, you're a pimp." Villeneuve, Cox and then went to the party. They entered the property through the back yard and Villeneuve said she would go inside to speak with the hostess which believes was Ghislaine Maxwell. When Villeneuve took inside Villeneuve told to stay close and not go into any of the rooms. Villeneuve took to meet a man named Curt Schmidt, who is currently the CEO of Blue Buffalo. When Villeneuve and approached Schmidt he asked Villeneuve if was cool. stated she was cool. Ville
