# EFTA02599025

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Jeffrey E."|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, December 21, 2014 4:38 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: Where are you.? On Saturday, December 20, 2014, Jean Luc Brunel <=a wrot=: Thanks for asking A little amelioration. ..but I need to regain some strength. It =ill take a little time Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:21/12/2014 05:50 (GMT+07:

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, December 21, 2014 4:38 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: Where are you.? On Saturday, December 20, 2014, Jean Luc Brunel <=a wrot=: Thanks for asking A little amelioration. ..but I need to regain some strength. It =ill take a little time Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:21/12/2014 05:50 (GMT+07:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: feeeling better? please note The informatio

**[FULL]:** : Re: Where are you.? On Saturday, December 20, 2014, Jean Luc Brunel <=a wrot=: Thanks for asking A little amelioration. ..but I need to regain some strength. It =ill take a little time Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "Jeffrey E." Date:21/12/2014 05:50 (GMT+07:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: feeeling better? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, December 21, 2014 4:38 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
Where are you.? 
On Saturday, December 20, 2014, Jean Luc Brunel <=a 
wrot=: 
Thanks for asking 
A little amelioration. ..but I need to regain some strength. It =ill take a little time 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
 Original message 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
Date:21/12/2014 05:50 (GMT+07:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
feeeling better? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvmNijeevacation@gmail.com.);> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01785315 
EFTA02599025

=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addresse=. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying =f this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and =ay be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and<=r>destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all atta=hments. copyright 
-all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01785316 
EFTA02599026

