# EFTA02357621

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, September 16, 2013 4:32 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: Timing 26 Sent from my iPad On Sep 16, 2013, at 12:21 PM, "Farkas, Andrew L." wrot=: > Hi. I'm sorry, but I forgot when you said you would hear back from Woody. > This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exc=usively for the use of the individual

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, September 16, 2013 4:32 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: Timing 26 Sent from my iPad On Sep 16, 2013, at 12:21 PM, "Farkas, Andrew L." wrot=: > Hi. I'm sorry, but I forgot when you said you would hear back from Woody. > This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exc=usively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confide

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, September 16, 2013 4:32 PM 
To: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
Re: Timing 
26 
Sent from my iPad 
On Sep 16, 2013, at 12:21 PM, "Farkas, Andrew L." 
wrot=: 
> Hi. I'm sorry, but I forgot when you said you would hear back from Woody. 
> This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exc=usively for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
p=ivileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or o=herwise exempt or protected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under ap=licable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notifie= that 
printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating o= using this message or any information contained 
herein (including any reli=nce thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in e=ror, please contact 
the sender immediately and destroy the message (includi=g any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in electronic o= hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a l=gally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Isrand Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fu=ly executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such af=iliate. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DID PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1379349109</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox<Aey> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-ick/key> 
<string>3424504string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01343680 
EFTA02357621

