# EFTA00019933 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 14

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM •TI
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM •TI To: Cc: I r, Christian Everdell Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Thu, 17 Jun 2021 18:20:49 +0000 Good afternoon- Earlier this week, around 1:00 am guards purposely awoke Ms. Maxwell because they observed her body shaking and were concerned that she was having a seizure. They determined she was shivering from the extremely cold temperature in

### Match 2
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM •TI To: Cc: I r, Christian Everdell Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Thu, 17 Jun 2021 18:20:49 +0000 Good afternoon- Earlier this week, around 1:00 am guards purposely awoke Ms. Maxwell because they observed her body shaking and were concerned that she was having a seizure. They determined she was shivering from the extremely cold temper

### Match 3
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM •TI To: Cc: I r, Christian Everdell Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Thu, 17 Jun 2021 18:20:49 +0000 Good afternoon- Earlier this week, around 1:00 am guards purposely awoke Ms. Maxwell because they observed her body shaking and were concerned that she was having a seizure. They determined she was shivering from the extremely cold temperature in her cell. At approximately 3:00 am the following day, the guards again disrupted Ms. Maxwell's sleep because her body was shaking. Ag

### Match 4
> k, around 1:00 am guards purposely awoke Ms. Maxwell because they observed her body shaking and were concerned that she was having a seizure. They determined she was shivering from the extremely cold temperature in her cell. At approximately 3:00 am the following day, the guards again disrupted Ms. Maxwell's sleep because her body was shaking. Again, they determined that she was shivering and gave her a blanket. The guards have now removed two of her blankets, claiming the blankets are not authorized. Today, Ms. Maxwell awoke cold and headachy with a sore throat. When medical staff came by she w

### Match 5
> cell. At approximately 3:00 am the following day, the guards again disrupted Ms. Maxwell's sleep because her body was shaking. Again, they determined that she was shivering and gave her a blanket. The guards have now removed two of her blankets, claiming the blankets are not authorized. Today, Ms. Maxwell awoke cold and headachy with a sore throat. When medical staff came by she was too exhausted to address her physical discomfort. Please explain why guards purposely disrupt Ms. Maxwell's sleep, determine she is shivering, and then remove blankets- her only source of warmth. This makes no sense,

### Match 6
> a blanket. The guards have now removed two of her blankets, claiming the blankets are not authorized. Today, Ms. Maxwell awoke cold and headachy with a sore throat. When medical staff came by she was too exhausted to address her physical discomfort. Please explain why guards purposely disrupt Ms. Maxwell's sleep, determine she is shivering, and then remove blankets- her only source of warmth. This makes no sense, is detrimental her health, and is utterly insensitive. In addition, VTC viewing is less blurry on counsel's end but the image repeatedlybecomes broken and then completely blacks out.

### Match 7
> s transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. On Jun 16, 2021, at 1:46 PM, BOBBI C STERNHEIM wrote: Good afternoon- Despite being subjected to the most unique, restrictive, and invasive conditions of pretrial confinement, Ms. Maxwell has and continues to be a compliant detainee. She obeys all orders and commands - often muffled by masks, uttered behind prison doors, and/or combined with the din of background noise - as soon as they are audibly discernible. Erratic enforcement of inconsistent rules and regulations imposed by

### Match 8
> uffled by masks, uttered behind prison doors, and/or combined with the din of background noise - as soon as they are audibly discernible. Erratic enforcement of inconsistent rules and regulations imposed by revolving teams of guards who exert varying degrees of officiousness and contempt toward Ms. Maxwell is the fault of the MDC/BOP, not Ms. Maxwell. Regards, Bobbi BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim New York, NY 10011 Main: Cell: Fax: ••Covid-19 Notice: The office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. Please use entail or fax, instead of regular ma

### Match 9
> and/or combined with the din of background noise - as soon as they are audibly discernible. Erratic enforcement of inconsistent rules and regulations imposed by revolving teams of guards who exert varying degrees of officiousness and contempt toward Ms. Maxwell is the fault of the MDC/BOP, not Ms. Maxwell. Regards, Bobbi BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim New York, NY 10011 Main: Cell: Fax: ••Covid-19 Notice: The office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. Please use entail or fax, instead of regular mail, for all correspondence during this time.

### Match 10
> ur attention > wrote: EFTA00019934 regarding the VTC units. All of the VTC units throughout the institution are now being stored in this manner as it is a protective barrier for the equipment. With that said, we will be doing test runs to investigate concerns you have mentioned. Furthermore, Ms. Maxwell must oblige by the orders of the Officers. We offer Ms. Maxwell medical care on a daily basis, which she has declined. Additionally, can you please provide me with a photo of the ear buds you are requesting to bring into the institution? Best, BOBBI C STERNHEIM < > 6/16/2021 10:23 AM >» Goo
