# EFTA02591190

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: foundation, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** %7D,'cvmUjeevacation@gmail.co=');» wrote: you should stay, l=m not well yet. most likely you and fly=thurs from new york if i feel well and I wil fly from here./ =C24> ask how long will he be there and where he goes from the=e. Tell him your foundation work is taking you to boston to me=t with Bill Gates again, and you will let him know on wed wrote: <=iv class="gmail_extra"> On Sun, Sep 28, 20=4 at 10:58 AM, Shall I come to the island or stay in NY tmw morning? s arriving at 2pm. Will make sure she is all set. EFTA_R1_01773580 EFTA02591190 Sent from my iPhone =C2 please note The informa

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Alma? 
On Sunday, September 28, 2014, 
can be 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sunda , Se tember 28, 2014 5:30 PM 
Re: 
No batter not to! Would be funn if after all m Jewish studies I end u. conve=ting to Islam :)) then my name 
Sent from my iPhone</=iv> 
On Sep 28, 2014, at 1:19 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
we probably don't want to tell him abou= yomkippur 
On Sun, Sep 28, 2014 at 1:01 PM, 
wrote=
He said he is no= sure now if he is going to paris and will let me know tmw. 
S=nt from my iPhone 
On Sep 28, 2014, at 12:21 PM, jeffrey E. &=t;jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvmUjeevacation@gmail.co=');» wrote: 
you should stay, l=m not well yet. most likely you and 
fly=thurs from new 
york if i feel well and I wil fly from here./ =C24> ask 
how long will he be there and where he goes from the=e. 
Tell him your foundation work is taking you to boston to me=t with Bill Gates again, and you will let him know on wed 
wrote: 
<=iv class="gmail_extra"> 
On Sun, Sep 28, 20=4 at 10:58 AM, 
Shall I come to the island or stay in NY tmw morning? 
s arriving at 2pm. Will make sure she is all set. 
EFTA_R1_01773580 
EFTA02591190

Sent from my iPhone 
=C2 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e=mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%78%7D/cvmrneevacation@gm=il.com.);> , and 
destroy=this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. c=pyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, =ay be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, an= is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property ofJEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication o= any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you ha=e received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by=br>return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmai=.com <javascript:_e(%78%7D,icvml=#39;;jeevacation@gmail.corn);> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
4>=A0 
please note 
The information=contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client=privileged, may 
2 
EFTA_R1_01773581 
EFTA02591191

constitute inside information, and is intended only for=br>the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized =se, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
co=munication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or b= e-mail to jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01773582 
EFTA02591192

