# EFTA02433105

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: queen

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** e a ball and think of you all the time. Can bring a little baby back for you....or two. Boys or girls? So Madonna. Will email when we get to Amsterdam. Saw Sarah- the duchess on Today Show and Regis today...she was very compelling. A tad sad that she repeatedly said the Monarchy pulled her and Andrew apart apart when they were married...just like Monarchy tryed to control Victoria in her youth...bet the Queen is thrilled Fergic's failed marriage is her fault. But Sara was very charming on tv. Sorry we didn't do the lunch- we were all too rushed to get out of town. Totally miss you. xoxo Peg

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comijeevacationellgmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Fri 12/18/2009 10:16:59 PM 
Subject: 
Kenya 
Title: Kenya 
On the plane now with Mattie...we are about to take off for Amsterdam to Nairobi. We land the morning of the 19th in 
Amsterdam and late evening of the 19th in Nairobi. On Sunday morning we fly into the bush to Cotter's Camp in the 
Masai Mara....then to Sasaab in 24th-26th. Then on 26th to Lamu to Peponi Hotel....and back Jan. 4th. 
We can not thank you enough yet another life experience. If the Masai warriors don't eat us, the pirates from Somalia 
will... 
Coming to PB to see you in Jan. Taking photos. Will have a ball and think of you all the time. 
Can bring a little baby back for you....or two. 
Boys or girls? So Madonna. 
Will email when we get to Amsterdam. 
Saw Sarah- the duchess on Today Show and Regis today...she was very compelling. A tad sad that she repeatedly said the 
Monarchy pulled her and Andrew apart apart when they were married...just like Monarchy tryed to control Victoria in her 
youth...bet the Queen is thrilled Fergic's failed marriage is her fault. But Sara was very charming on tv. 
Sorry we didn't do the lunch- we were all too rushed to get out of town. 
Totally miss you. 
xoxo Peggy 
EFTA_R1_01504271 
EFTA02433105

