# EFTA02434504

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Sun Nov 01 15:17:40 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation@gmail.conteevacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 11/1/2009 8:26:03 PM Subject: Re: I'm at the dolphins/jets game w/ steve ross et al. Do you need me to call now? From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sun Nov 01 15:17:40 2009 Subject: WHERE ARE YOU? ******* *************** ******** *****

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation@gmail.conteevacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 11/1/2009 8:26:03 PM Subject: Re: I'm at the dolphins/jets game w/ steve ross et al. Do you need me to call now? From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sun Nov 01 15:17:40 2009 Subject: WHERE ARE YOU? ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation@gmail.conteevacationellgmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Sun 11/1/2009 8:26:03 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I'm at the dolphins/jets game w/ steve ross et al. Do you need me to call now? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Sun Nov 01 15:17:40 2009 
Subject: 
WHERE ARE YOU? 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smaiLcom, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01506173 
EFTA02434504

