# EFTA02399243

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"jeffrey E."|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Friday, September 26, 2014 1:17 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: incredibly good Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:26/09/2014 3:03 PM (GMT+01:00) To: lean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: how are you feeling? On Fri, Sep 26, 2014 at 9:01 AM, Jean Luc Brun

**[FULL]:** an Luc Brunel Sent: Friday, September 26, 2014 1:17 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: incredibly good Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:26/09/2014 3:03 PM (GMT+01:00) To: lean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: how are you feeling? On Fri, Sep 26, 2014 at 9:01 AM, Jean Luc Brunel= wrote: nice but going to kiev tomorrow Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:26/09/2014 2:41 PM (GMT+01:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: paris? fun? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privil

**[FULL]:** E." Date:26/09/2014 3:03 PM (GMT+01:00) To: lean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: how are you feeling? On Fri, Sep 26, 2014 at 9:01 AM, Jean Luc Brunel= wrote: nice but going to kiev tomorrow Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:26/09/2014 2:41 PM (GMT+01:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: paris? fun? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE EFTA_R1_01434068 EFTA02399243 Unauthorized

**[WORD]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Friday, September 26, 2014 1:17 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: incredibly good Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:26/09/2014 3:03 PM (GMT+01:00) To: lean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: how are you feeling? On Fri, Sep 26, 2014 at 9:01 AM, Jean Luc Brunel= wrote: nice but going to kiev tomorrow Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:26/09/2014 2:41 PM (GMT+01:00) To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: paris? fun? please note The infor

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: 
Friday, September 26, 2014 1:17 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
RE: 
incredibly good 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
Original message 
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:26/09/2014 3:03 PM (GMT+01:00) 
To: lean Luc Brunel 
Subject: Re: 
how are you feeling? 
On Fri, Sep 26, 2014 at 9:01 AM, Jean Luc Brunel= 
wrote: 
nice but going to kiev tomorrow 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
 Original message 
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:26/09/2014 2:41 PM (GMT+01:00) 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
paris? fun? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA_R1_01434068 
EFTA02399243

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01434069 
EFTA02399244

