# EFTA00014912 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 24

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, July 3, 2020 11:39 AM
- **Subject:** RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 18:01:10 +0000 Yes Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 1:01 PM > wrote: Thanks! Am I correct that this means Maxwell will be able to call both Chris and Mark today? (And please tel hi back!) On Jul 3, 2020, at 12:47 PM, Done. wrote: P.S. says hil From

### Match 2
> from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 1:01 PM > wrote: Thanks! Am I correct that this means Maxwell will be able to call both Chris and Mark today? (And please tel hi back!) On Jul 3, 2020, at 12:47 PM, Done. wrote: P.S. says hil From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 12:42 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Terrific, thanks very much. Both attorneys are partners at Cohen & Gresser LIP. Chris Everdell's number i Mark Cohen's number is Thanks again, From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:39 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Gene is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and

### Match 3
> From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 12:42 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Terrific, thanks very much. Both attorneys are partners at Cohen & Gresser LIP. Chris Everdell's number i Mark Cohen's number is Thanks again, From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:39 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Gene is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? EFTA00014912 Thanks! From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Appreciate it, thank you. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM To: Subject: Re:

### Match 4
> Cohen's number is Thanks again, From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:39 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Gene is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? EFTA00014912 Thanks! From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Appreciate it, thank you. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will callMand advise - he can be a little touchy. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with _about it, but my sense

### Match 5
> custody Gene is on it. Can I please have name of law firm and best contact number for each lawyer? EFTA00014912 Thanks! From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:32 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Appreciate it, thank you. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will callMand advise - he can be a little touchy. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with _about it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reach

### Match 6
> 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with _about it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reach out directly to discuss. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:05 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will try. Can I start with he may be in the best position to get it done? I Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 20 Thanks very much for passing this along. The permitted attorney contact on the list below only includes Vogelman without reference to her New York counsel. Would it be possi

### Match 7
> an speak with on the phone, please? Ideally, we would like to get them added today so that they can speak with their client over the weekend to facilitate our discussions with them about next steps in the case. Thanks, EFTA00014913 From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my tPhone Begin forwarded message: From Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" • Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you

### Match 8
> ions with them about next steps in the case. Thanks, EFTA00014913 From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my tPhone Begin forwarded message: From Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" • Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The following directi

### Match 9
> From: To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 18:01:10 +0000 Yes Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 1:01 PM > wrote: Thanks! Am I correct that this means Maxwell will be able to call both Chris and Mark today? (And please tel hi back!) On Jul 3, 2020, at 12:47 PM, Done. wrote: P.S. says h

### Match 10
> from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 1:01 PM > wrote: Thanks! Am I correct that this means Maxwell will be able to call both Chris and Mark today? (And please tel hi back!) On Jul 3, 2020, at 12:47 PM, Done. wrote: P.S. says hil From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 12:42 PM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Terrific, thanks very much. Both attorneys are partners at Cohen & Gresser LIP. Chris Everdell's number i Mark Cohen's number is Thanks again, From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:39 AM To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Gene is on it. Can I please have name of law
