# EFTA00037705 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Frida , Jul 10. 2020 1:34 PM
- **Subject:** Maxwell's 6/30/20 Account Balances

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: " To: 'IMIM M.> Cc: ' Subject: RE: Maxwell's 6/30/20 Account Balances Date: Fri, 10 Jul 2020 21:02:10 +0000 Importance: Normal Thank you. Are you able to update this with the new information from UBS? In particular, it would be helpful to know how the Montpelier Trust was funded, and what expenditures it is making. Thanks! Ori final

### Match 2
> tance: Normal Thank you. Are you able to update this with the new information from UBS? In particular, it would be helpful to know how the Montpelier Trust was funded, and what expenditures it is making. Thanks! Ori final Message From: Sent: Frida , Jul 10. 2020 1:34 PM To: C ( Subject: Maxwell's 6/30/20 Account Balances NM, I have attached an analysis of Maxwell's related accounts as of 6/30/20. I will updated the analysis once I have received additional productions from UBS. The attached draft analysis is to be used for discussion purposes only and is subject to change. If you have

### Match 3
> mation from UBS? In particular, it would be helpful to know how the Montpelier Trust was funded, and what expenditures it is making. Thanks! Ori final Message From: Sent: Frida , Jul 10. 2020 1:34 PM To: C ( Subject: Maxwell's 6/30/20 Account Balances NM, I have attached an analysis of Maxwell's related accounts as of 6/30/20. I will updated the analysis once I have received additional productions from UBS. The attached draft analysis is to be used for discussion purposes only and is subject to change. If you have any questions, please contact me. Best Forensic Accountant FBI New Y
