# EFTA02300191

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** Medicine, Cardiology >>»» Mount Sinai School of medicine >>»» Cardiovascular Institute >>>>» >>»» 485 Madison Ave., >>»» 17th floor >>»» New York, NY 10022 >>>>» >>>>» >>>>» >>>>» >»>» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos >>>>» >>>>» >>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:24 PM, Eva Dubin <ails> wrote:=>>>>>>> >>>» I will look into this when I am back in NY... >>>» I also cc Rony on this.... so we can brainstorm together... >>>>>» >>>»» Sent from my iPhone >>>>>» >>>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 9:47 PM, Karyna Shuliak < wrote: >>>>>>» >>>>»» Hi Eva, >>>>>>» >>>>»» Jeffrey wan

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Sure thing 
Safe travels best to JE 
r 
Tuesday, July 7, 2015 12:44 AM 
Karyna Shuliak 
Re: Ambulance for JE 
R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown 
Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology 
Mount Sinai School of medicine 
Cardiovascular Institute 
485 Madison Ave., 
17th floor 
New York, NY 10022 
dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
> On Jul 6, 2015, at 7:24 PM, Karyna Shuliak 
wrot=: 
> Thank you Dr. Shimony! 
> Just to let you know, I will be in flight from 2:30pm till 5:30pm, so anyt=me before or after would be great. 
> Karyna. 
» On Jul 6, 2015, at 7:11 PM, 
wrote: 
» I'll call you tomorrow & set up 
»r 
>> 
>> 
» R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
» Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown 
» Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology 
» Mount Sinai School of medicine 
» Cardiovascular Institute 
>> 
EFTA_R1_01166634 
EFTA02300191

» 485 Madison Ave., 
» 17th floor 
» New York, NY 10022 
» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
>> 
>» On Jul 6, 2015, at 2:O9 PM, Karyna Shuliak 
>» 
>» Dear Dr. Shimony, 
wr=te: 
>» Is there a number where I could reach Mr. Steinberg to discuss the detai=s please? 
>» Thank you! 
>» Karyna. 
>» 
»» On Jul 3, 2015, at 7:18 AM, 
wrote: 
>>» 
»» Eva & Karyna 
>>» 
»» When you are ready, a friend and colleague 
»» Morris Steinberg who's involved in the ambulance service and ran the NY=Monroe department for 30+ years is 
willing and very capable to help set up t=e two ambulances 
»» He's connections will get the best pricing as well 
>>» 
»» Happy fourth of July 
>>» 
»»r 
>>>> 
>>>> 
>>>> 
>>>> 
»» R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
»» Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown 
»» Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology 
>>» Mount Sinai School of medicine 
»» Cardiovascular Institute 
>>» 
»» 485 Madison Ave., 
»» 17th floor 
»» New York, NY 10022 
>>» 
>>» 
>>» 
>>» 
»» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
>>» 
>>» 
>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:45 PM, Karyna Shuliak <karynashuliak@icloud.com>=wrote: 
2 
EFTA_R1_01166635 
EFTA02300192

>>>» 
>»» That would be a tremendous help! 
>»» Thank you very much! 
>>>» 
>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:43 PM, 
wrote: 
>>>>» 
>>»» Sure 
>>>>» 
>>>>» 
>>»» Head EMS colleagues friends & ER guys can set us up 
>>>>» 
>>>>» Let Eva & I know when ready 
»»»r 
>>>>» 
>>>>» 
>>»» R. Shimony M.O. FACC 
>>»» Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown 
>>»» Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology 
>>»» Mount Sinai School of medicine 
>>»» Cardiovascular Institute 
>>>>» 
>>»» 485 Madison Ave., 
>>»» 17th floor 
>>»» New York, NY 10022 
>>>>» 
>>>>» 
>>>>» 
>>>>» 
>»>» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
>>>>» 
>>>>» 
>>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:24 PM, Eva Dubin <ails> 
wrote:=>>>>>>> 
>>>» I will look into this when I am back in NY... 
>>>» I also cc Rony on this.... so we can brainstorm together... 
>>>>>» 
>>>»» Sent from my iPhone 
>>>>>» 
>>>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 9:47 PM, Karyna Shuliak < 
wrote: 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>»» Hi Eva, 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>»» Jeffrey wants to purchase 2 fully equipped ambulance machines: 1 fo= the island, and 1 for the ranch. May be 
you know somebody who could help u= with the process, especially regarding all the equipment? we would really 
a=preciate any help! 
>>>>»» Please let me know. 
>>>>>>» 
>>>>»» Thank you so much! 
>>>>»» And I hope you enjoy your vacation! 
>» 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01166636 
EFTA02300193

<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>32079</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1436229842</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8623750149</integer> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>26160</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
4 
EFTA_R1_01166637 
EFTA02300194

