# EFTA02454725

**LES WEXNER REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: property

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** 7 and told ghilsaine and mara lago that she =as 18. . she lied on employment , she said she had sex w=th Marving minsky , bill richardson . she said she had dinner =ith clinton describing where she sat. she said Al gore and wif=. . eva dubins husband , while eva was asleep in the nex= room. etc. les wexner etc. while she=was making these claimes she was trying to sell a book , the b=llionaire playboy, emails with ghost writiers. a=ents. prospective publishers.. she received over 150k =AO for her photo with Andrew. so she figured why not exa=erate everything. her depo is filled with obvious lie

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, August 22, 2016 10:57 AM 
To: 
Kathy Ruemmler 
S bullet points for IL ? 
reading her t=anscripts. she was never 14 , 15, or 16. =AO she was 17 and told ghilsaine 
and mara lago that she =as 18. . she lied on employment , she said she had sex w=th Marving minsky , bill richardson . 
she said she had dinner =ith clinton describing where she sat. she said Al gore and wif=. . eva dubins husband , while 
eva was asleep in the nex= room. etc. les wexner etc. 
while she=was making these claimes she was trying to sell a 
book , the b=llionaire playboy, 
emails with ghost writiers. a=ents. prospective publishers.. she received over 150k 
=AO for her photo with Andrew. so she figured why not exa=erate everything. her depo is filled with obvious lies t=at 
are brought out by laura. . here one crazy girl has w=eaked havoc with peoples lives with no accountability, 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It =s the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of thi= communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be=unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please noti=y us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> , and des=roy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachment=. copyright -all rights reserved 
1 
EFTA_R1_01556670 
EFTA02454725

