# EFTA02426983

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Jean Luc BrunelS|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** re E steinfeevacation©gmail.com] From: Sent Wed 3/24/2010 5:23:52 PM Subject Re: In Kiev for 2 more days. May be Minsk if I can get visa tomorrow otherwise back to Paris Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> Date: Wed, 24 Mar 2010 05:35:40 -0400 To: Jean Luc BrunelS Subject: where are you? „, call The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or co

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffre E steinfeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 3/24/2010 5:23:52 PM 
Subject Re: 
In Kiev for 2 more days. May be Minsk if I can get visa tomorrow otherwise back to Paris 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 24 Mar 2010 05:35:40 -0400 
To: Jean Luc BrunelS 
Subject: 
where are you? „, call 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1495985 
EFTA02426983

