# EFTA02519961

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: To: Subject: let jean luc decide On Fri, Jun 14, 2013 at 8:30 PM, wrote: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Friday, June 14, 2013 6:32 PM Re: Jean Lucs apartment <mailto > > I have inspected Jean Lucs =partment with Andrew. He has confirmed the water damage is the buildings r=sponsibility. Jean Luc mentioned that he wanted the apartment repainted. T=e parts that are not damaged will be our responsibility. Andrew says we ca= do it all at once and he will discuss with Anthony how to divide it. There is A LOT of artw

**[WORD]:** June 14, 2013 6:32 PM Re: Jean Lucs apartment <mailto > > I have inspected Jean Lucs =partment with Andrew. He has confirmed the water damage is the buildings r=sponsibility. Jean Luc mentioned that he wanted the apartment repainted. T=e parts that are not damaged will be our responsibility. Andrew says we ca= do it all at once and he will discuss with Anthony how to divide it. There is A LOT of artwork, furniture, objects in the apartment so they do w=nt someone (Jean Luc or someone on behalf of him) present when the work is=done. I know Jean Luc said in his email that he cant be there to

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
let jean luc decide 
On Fri, Jun 14, 2013 at 8:30 PM, 
wrote: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Friday, June 14, 2013 6:32 PM 
Re: Jean Lucs apartment 
<mailto 
> > 
I have inspected Jean Lucs =partment with Andrew. He has confirmed the water damage is the buildings 
r=sponsibility. Jean Luc mentioned that he wanted the apartment repainted. T=e parts that are not damaged will be our 
responsibility. Andrew says we ca= do it all at once and he will discuss with Anthony how to divide it. There is A LOT of 
artwork, furniture, objects in the apartment so they do w=nt someone (Jean Luc or someone on behalf of him) present 
when the work is=done. I know Jean Luc said in his email that he cant be there to watch the= as he is traveling. So 
maybe you want me to supervise. 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
1 
EFTA_R1_01656435 
EFTA02519961

