# EFTA02306699

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent|Tuesday, May 08, 2012 11:42 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel < Sent: To: Subject: Tuesda , Ma 8, 2012 3:47 PM Re: Thanks to jeffrey and to you for your care. I will make appointment today.=Yo yo Or, Messa e From: Imailto Sent: Tuesday, May 08, 2012 11:42 AM =o: Jean Luc Brunel Hi hi! Jeffrey wanted me to let you know that we spoke to Woody Allen

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel < Sent: To: Subject: Tuesda , Ma 8, 2012 3:47 PM Re: Thanks to jeffrey and to you for your care. I will make appointment today.=Yo yo Or, Messa e From: Imailto Sent: Tuesday, May 08, 2012 11:42 AM =o: Jean Luc Brunel Hi hi! Jeffrey wanted me to let you know that we spoke to Woody Allen's aud=ologist about you. They said they will give you a very good deal on the he=ring aids since you are a friend of Woody's..around $1,000. I spoke with A=n Marie at Dr. Janet Shalley's office at Her number is if you want t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jean Luc Brunel < 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Tuesda , Ma 8, 2012 3:47 PM 
Re: 
Thanks to jeffrey and to you for your care. I will make appointment today.=Yo yo 
Or, 
Messa e 
From: 
Imailto 
Sent: Tuesday, May 08, 2012 11:42 AM 
=o: Jean Luc Brunel 
Hi hi! Jeffrey wanted me to let you know that we spoke to Woody Allen's aud=ologist about you. They said they will give 
you a very good deal on the he=ring aids since you are a friend of Woody's..around $1,000. I spoke with A=n Marie at Dr. 
Janet Shalley's office at 
Her number is 
if you want to deal with her she knows the story. 
Big kiss. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<clict> 
<key>date-sent</key> 
<real>1336492038</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap: 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>27608</string> 
<key>subject</key> 
<string>Re:</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
/INBOX</string> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01182799 
EFTA02306699

