# EFTA00038575 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursda , April 8, 2021 2:15:03 PM
- **Subject:** Re: GM Evidence Review

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> 1 18:18:22 +0000 Importance: Normal Thank you so much! Get Outlook for iOS From: Sent: Thursda , April 8, 2021 2:15:03 PM To: Subje : w ence eview Hey= I attached the three spreadsheets showing what is likely to be transported to 500 Pearl. Below is some of the logistical information. • Maxwell and her defense team will all be present in the proffer room area on the 5," floor of the 500 Pearl Street courthouse for the primary review. This review will begin on April 13 2021 and will continue every day thereafter until the review is complete. The logistics for this review are as follows:

### Match 2
> l be present in the proffer room area on the 5," floor of the 500 Pearl Street courthouse for the primary review. This review will begin on April 13 2021 and will continue every day thereafter until the review is complete. The logistics for this review are as follows: • The Marshals will produce Maxwell to 500 Pearl Street each morning by approximately 9:30am. Defense counsel are expected to arrive each morning at approximately 9:30am. • There are three proffer rooms for this review: The largest will be where the FBI can put the evidence for review. The second largest will be where the defense

### Match 3
> dence for review. The second largest will be where the defense can meet privately, without any of the evidence items, to confer among themselves. The smallest will be a break area available for any agents and/or AUSAs who are not currently monitoring the evidence review or maintaining custody of Maxwell. • There are three annotated spreadsheets of the evidence in this case. Each day, the FBI will need to plan to produce all of the evidence with the notation "500 Pearl" in the column entitled "Plan for Review by Defense" in each of the three attached spreadsheets. • At least one agent and at le
