# EFTA02441969

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Update|

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmail.comUeeyacationellgmail.com] From: Peggy Siegal Sent Mon 4/27/2009 5:15:17 AM Subject: Update Title: Update #1. Went to Perri Peltz and Eric Ruttenbe 's second son's bar mitzvah Saturday night on their One Beekman Place roof terrace....and saw Eva and Glen Dubin and We spoke about how much we love you, miss you and are devoted to you....we are all counting the days you get out. #2. Did much email exchange with Sunday about Equestrian Safari. ck Tuesday) finally surfaced when I s .' scare tatic note...."Jeffrey and I assume you do go". That got he

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.comUeeyacationellgmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Mon 4/27/2009 5:15:17 AM 
Subject: Update 
Title: Update 
#1. Went to Perri Peltz and Eric Ruttenbe 's second son's bar mitzvah Saturday night on their One Beekman Place roof 
terrace....and saw Eva and Glen Dubin and 
We spoke about how much we love you, miss you and 
are devoted to you....we are all counting the days you get out. 
#2. Did much email exchange with 
Sunday about Equestrian Safari. 
ck 
Tuesday) 
finally surfaced when I s 
.' scare tatic note...."Jeffrey and I assume you do 
go". That 
got her attention....She is emailing/callin 
asap and they are calling Sandy Cunningham, the travel agent within 
the next two days... 
is very very excited about going ....just forgot to relay that to us. She is finishing classes for the 
year and "busy". We are falling forward... 
#3. Working on Tom Hanks Tribute at Film Society for Lincoln Center Monday night...helped get amazing celebs. They 
have a group of presenters and guests... Bruce Springsteen is surprise finale and singing. Spielberg, Mike Nichols, Ron 
!toward, Julie Roberts, Charlize Theron, Sam Mendes (who is Jewish). Jeremy Irons. Geoffrey Rush. Adrien Brody, Glen 
Close, Nom Ephron, Regis...on and on are coming....should be terrific. I am going to help Film Society re-invent 
itsclf...they really need ine...this event will be the beginning of their comeback. 
Stay well. xoxo Peg 
EFTA_R1_01516729 
EFTA02441969

