# EFTA02458519

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** max amounts (28 x 500) - will take 2-3 biz da=s Please advise store or amex for gift cards Thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 On Jun 30, 2016, at 10:25 AM, jeffr=y E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: rich , get 1 14k gift card from bergdorf and have i= delivered to eva dubin with a happy brithdy =br> =C2 please note The information containe= in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the u=e of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disc=osure or cop

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, June 30, 2016 7:16 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: PBI SUV 
you are right , buy the surburban 
On Thu, Jun 30, 2016 at 2:=8 PM, Richard Kahn 
> 
wrote: 
last c=r we bought was 2016 Suburban with 2nd row bench 
please=advise for Pill 
1) 2016 Suburban with 2nd row benc= 
2) 2016 Suburban with 2nd row buckets 
3) 2016 Denali with 2nd row bench 
4) 2016 =enali with 2nd row buckets 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Jun 30, 2016, at 1:37 PM, jeffre= E. <jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
wrote: 
Let's get a new Denali and =rade on Bentley Palm 
<mailto 
On Thursda 
30 June 2016, =ichard Kahn 
> wrote: 
Just picked up cards. Will now send them via messen=er to 1040 5th avenue. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On J=n 30, 2016, at 10:49 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> w=ote: 
EFTA_R1_01562922 
EFTA02458519

Bergdorf 
=br>On Thursday, 30 June 2016, Richard Kahn <richardkahn12@gmail.com<=a» wrote: 
gift cards direct from bergdorf come in 1,000 max amounts (1= x 1000) - can 
pick up today 
gift cards from=american express come in 500 max amounts (28 x 500) - will 
take 2-3 biz da=s 
Please advise store or amex for gift cards 
Thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
On Jun 30, 2016, at 10:25 AM, jeffr=y E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
rich , get 1 14k gift card from bergdorf and have i= delivered to eva dubin with 
a happy brithdy 
=br> 
=C2 
please note 
The information containe= in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the u=e of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disc=osure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly =rohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communicati=n in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail =o jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all =opies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserve= 
2 
EFTA_R1_01562923 
EFTA02458520

=div dir="ltr"> 
please note 
=div>The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, ma= be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and =s intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
=EE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or =ny part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have=received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately byreturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destro= this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. =opyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information=contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client=privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for=br>the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized =se, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
co=munication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or b= e-mail to jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
plea=e note 
The information contained in this communication is confi=ential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside inform=tion, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the prop=rty of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this commun=cation or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. =f you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immed=ately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
3 
EFTA_R1_01562924 
EFTA02458521

jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> , and destroy this c=mmunication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrigh= -all rights reserved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01562925 
EFTA02458522

