# EFTA00020870 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Weinstein, Marc A.
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, September 30, 2020 1:52 PM
- **Subject:** RE: SDNY investigation

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version. EFTA00020872 Froml Sent: Monday, September 14 2020 3:01 PM To: Weinstein, Marc A Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: SDNY investigation CAUTION: This email was sent by someone outside of the Firm. Hi Marc, Thanks — we have conferred with plaintiff's counsel, who has informed us that he is unaware of any protective order relating to th awsuit. Best, Assistant United States Attorney So

### Match 2
> tiff's counsel, who has informed us that he is unaware of any protective order relating to th awsuit. Best, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York NY 10007 From: Weinstein, Marc A. Sent: Monday, September 14, 2020 12:07 PM To: Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: Re: SDNY investigation we are still looking to see what confidentiality restrictions might apply. If her lawyer has any such confidentiality or protective order that governed the case, it might be helpful if you could obtain and share that. Marc A. Weinstein I Partner Chair. M

### Match 3
> by Mark Luttier and Bob Critton of Critton, Luttier, and Coleman LLP in West Palm Beach. Thanks very much, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: Weinstein, Marc A. Sent: Friday, September 11, 2020 11:11 AM To: Cc: Andrew Tomback Subject: RE: SDNY investigation I just realized that you didn't share with us the deponent's name for the transcript you are looking for. Let us now so that we can make the appropriate inquiries. Best regards, Marc EFTA00020875 Marc A. Weinstein I Partner Chair. White Collar Defense
