# EFTA02279482

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Andrew Farkas[ From: Sent: Thur 3/14/2019 8:18:58 PM Subject: Re: 2:15pm Fri. March 15th Jeffrey Epstein Confirming 2:30pm tomorrow ..thanks! > On Mar 14, 2019, at 4:02 PM, Hagen, Maddie wrote: > Sorry, can we make it 2:30pm tomorrow? Just 15 mins later. > If yes, Jeffrey can call the office. >

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Andrew Farkas[ 
From: 
Sent: 
Thur 3/14/2019 8:18:58 PM 
Subject: 
Re: 2:15pm Fri. March 15th Jeffrey Epstein 
Confirming 2:30pm tomorrow ..thanks! 
> On Mar 14, 2019, at 4:02 PM, Hagen, Maddie 
wrote: 
> Sorry, can we make it 2:30pm tomorrow? Just 15 mins later. 
> If yes, Jeffrey can call the office. 
> 
• Thanks, 
> Maddie 
• 
Ori inal Messa e 
> From: 
> Sent: 
urs ay, arc
IIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
> To: Hagen, Maddie 
> Subject: 2:15pm Fri. March 15th Jeffrey Epstein 
> Hi Maddie! Jeffrey can do a call tomorrow at 2:15pm. Shall he call the office 
at 
> 
• Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
> 
• This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or 
using this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance 
thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, 
please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group 
LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement 
to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01098129 
EFTA02279482

