# EFTA00014653 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** ''=
- **To:** '
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** US v. Maxwell - Hard Drive

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ''= :3' To: ' , ' Cc: Subject: US v. Maxwell - Hard Drive Date: Sat, 20 Nov 2021 21:49:38 +0000 Attachments: 2021.11.20 MDC - Maxwell PASSWORD.pdf He We wanted to let you know that we sent a hard drive for Ms. Maxwell via FedEx today. I am attaching the letter we sent with the password. Here are the FedEx tracking numbers: FedEx tracking number for drive sent to MDC: FedEx tracking number for password sent to MDC Thanks, M Assistant United States Attorney United States Attorney's Office Southern District

### Match 2
> From: ''= :3' To: ' , ' Cc: Subject: US v. Maxwell - Hard Drive Date: Sat, 20 Nov 2021 21:49:38 +0000 Attachments: 2021.11.20 MDC - Maxwell PASSWORD.pdf He We wanted to let you know that we sent a hard drive for Ms. Maxwell via FedEx today. I am attaching the letter we sent with the password. Here are the FedEx tracking numbers: FedEx trackin

### Match 3
> From: ''= :3' To: ' , ' Cc: Subject: US v. Maxwell - Hard Drive Date: Sat, 20 Nov 2021 21:49:38 +0000 Attachments: 2021.11.20 MDC - Maxwell PASSWORD.pdf He We wanted to let you know that we sent a hard drive for Ms. Maxwell via FedEx today. I am attaching the letter we sent with the password. Here are the FedEx tracking numbers: FedEx tracking number for drive sent to MDC: FedEx tracking number for password sent to MDC Thanks, M
