# EFTA02586099

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: doctor, physician

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Peitz, Erica <=a href="mailto:|
|To|"McGarry, Gretchen|
|Sent||
|Subject|RE: Mount S=nai International Patient Services|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, July 23, 2014 12:26 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Fwd: Mount Sinai International Patient Services now that jes is not in , I just need a doctor =nd an appt for next week, . can bring the sample with=her to be Forw=rded message From: Peitz, Erica <=a href="mailto: Date: Tue, Jul 22, 2014 at 12:59 PM Subject: RE: Mount S=nai Inte

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, July 23, 2014 12:26 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Fwd: Mount Sinai International Patient Services 
now that jes is not in , I just need a doctor =nd an appt for next week, . 
can bring the sample with=her 
to be 
 
Forw=rded message 
From: Peitz, Erica <=a href="mailto: 
Date: Tue, Jul 22, 2014 at 12:59 PM 
Subject: RE: Mount S=nai International Patient Services 
To: "McGarry, Gretchen 
, "jeffrey 
E.& uo=• <'eevacation 
mail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> &g=;, Karina Shuliak 
Good Afternoon-=/u> 
Thank you for the introdu=tion Gretchen. 
I would be happy to assis= with anything you may need going forward. 
I will require the follow=ng information: 
"=A0 
appointment day</=> 
* *=A0 
appointment time<=u> 
"=A0 
physician to be seen=u> 
* *=A0 
travel day=/u> 
* *=A0 
address of embassy i= Belarus 
1 
EFTA_R1_01766035 
EFTA02586099

Once I have all of this i=formation, I will write the document. 
I would be happy to UPS e=pedite the original document to your mother in Belarus. 
We also have a full time =ussian speaking liaison who can assist in an capacity. 
I will be reachable on a =4 hour basis should you have any questions or concerns. 
I may be reached at (-
Thank you, 
<=span> 
aspan> 
aspan> 
aspan> 
Erica Peitz, MSPT<=> 
Director 
International and Executi=e Services 
Office of the President 
The Mount Sinai Health Sy=tem 
Tel: 
Fax 
Email: 
=1span> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01766036 
EFTA02586100

Internat=onal Services - The Mount Sinai Hospital <http://www.mou=tsinai.org/patient-care/international-services> 
<=p> 
Please note that this e-mail=and any files transmitted with it may be privileged, confidential, and pro=ected from 
disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or an employee or agent 
res=onsible for delivering this message to the intended recipient, you are her=by notified that any reading, 
dissemination, distribution, copying, or oth=r use of this communication or any of its attachments is strictly prohibited. If 
you have received this c=mmunication in error, please notify the sender immediately by replying to =his message and 
deleting this message, any attachments, and all copies and=backups from your computer. 
From: McGarry,=Gretchen 
Sent: Tuesday, July 22, 2014 12:56 PM 
To: Jeffrey E.; Karina Shuliak 
Cc: Peitz, Erica 
Subject: Mount Sinai International Patient Services 
Dear Jeffrey and Karina,<=> 
We are happy to help you =ith this. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01766037 
EFTA02586101

I'm cc'in= Erica Peitz, Director of International Patient Services. She's te=rific and can assist with documentation and 
travel arrangements, if needed= She will be in touch directly with next steps and provide her mobile # so that=you have 
access to her moving forward. 
In the meantime, please l=t me know if you need anything further. 
All my best, 
Gretchen 
Gretchen L. McGarry, JD 
Director of Development<=> 
The Mount Sinai Development Off=ce 
The Mount Sinai Medical Center<=> 
One Gustave L. Levy Place, Box =049 
New York, NY 10029-6574 
For Hand Delivery: 
770 Lexington Avenue, 8th Floor=u> 
New York, NY 10065 
Direct line: 
Main: 
4 
EFTA_R1_01766038 
EFTA02586102

Fax: 
Email: 
Website: philanthropy.mountsinai.org <http://philanthropy.mountsinai.or=> </=> 
From: Jeffrey =. (mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, July 22, 2014 12:26 PM 
To: McGarry, Gretchen; Karina Shuliak 
Subject: 
thanks gretchen, mrs chuliak, =AO lives in belarus, and has had a radical mastectomy last week, =AO we would like to 
bring her here to evaluate the need for chemo and to p=rform reconstruction. karina is her daughter who is copied on 
=his email, as you are aware the embassy in minsk requires a letter=from the hospital as well as cerification that her 
financial needs will be=met. we can do that, I appreciate you help in gett=ng a medical visa asap. 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 
please note 
The information contained in t=is communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, ma= constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized 
use,=disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is stri=tly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this commun=cation in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 
5 
EFTA_R1_01766039 
EFTA02586103

