# EFTA00029458 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> AW Ronald Boyce Presidential Professor of Criminal Law Telephone: 801-585.5202 ,,, THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH cassellp®law.utah.edu July 31, 2015 Assistant Commissioner Specialist Crime and Operations New Scotland Yard London SW1H 0BG Re: International Sex Trafficking by Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell Ref: AC/SCO/82/201582/2015 Dear Commissioner= I write on behalf of my client — I sent you a letter on May 4, 2015 (and an amended letter a few days later). I received your response on May 11, 2015, indicating that you would look into matter and be back in touch in due course. Having not hear

### Match 2
> AW Ronald Boyce Presidential Professor of Criminal Law Telephone: 801-585.5202 ,,, THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH cassellp®law.utah.edu July 31, 2015 Assistant Commissioner Specialist Crime and Operations New Scotland Yard London SW1H 0BG Re: International Sex Trafficking by Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell Ref: AC/SCO/82/201582/2015 Dear Commissioner= I write on behalf of my client — I sent you a letter on May 4, 2015 (and an amended letter a few days later). I received your response on May 11, 2015, indicating that you would look into matter and be back in touch in due course. Having

### Match 3
> ast Room 101 Salt Lake City Utah 84112-0730 SW6 ITR Dear Mr Cassell, Assistant Commissioner S cialist Crime and Operations Yard onion SW1H OBG Telephone: 020 7230 0341 10th August 2015 Thank you for your letter dated 31st July regarding the allegations made against Mr. Epstein and Ms Maxwell. We can confirm we arc progressing the matter and hope to provide you with a more detailed response in September. In the meantime, can you please provide written signed confirmation from that you are officially acting on her behalf as her legal representative. That con rmation s ould include
