# EFTA02413788

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Faith Kates|
|Sent|Sat Dec 04 06:51:30 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** il.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] From: Faith Kates Sent: Sat 12/4/2010 12:28:42 PM Subject: Re: By the way who is andrew? Farkas??? Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Faith Kates Sent: Sat Dec 04 06:51:30 2010 Subject: What is your schedule this weekend? Andrew and I are going to go shopping at BArneys,-- want to come? ************************************* ***** ********* ******* * The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use o

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevaeation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Faith Kates 
Sent: 
Sat 12/4/2010 12:28:42 PM 
Subject: Re: 
By the way who is andrew? Farkas??? 
 
 Original Message  
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Faith Kates 
Sent: Sat Dec 04 06:51:30 2010 
Subject: 
What is your schedule this weekend? Andrew and I are going to go shopping at 
BArneys,-- want to come? 
************************************* 
***** ********* ******* * 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
NOTE:This message including any attachments contains information, some or all of 
which, may be proprietary or legally privileged. It is for the intended recipient 
only. If you have received this message by error, please notify us immediately 
and destroy the related message. You, the recipient, are obligated to maintain it 
in a safe, secure, and confidential manner. Unauthorized re-disclosure or failure 
to maintain confidentiality could subject you to penalties described in Federal 
and State law. Next Management, LLC and any affiliate companies are not 
responsible for errors or omissions in this message or any attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01476432 
EFTA02413788

