# EFTA00026781 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, March 8, 2016 12:28 PM
- **Subject:** Re:

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> in any follow-up that you may. From: Date: Monday, February 29, 2016 at 10:03 PM To: Cc: Subject: EFTA00026781 Thank you again for meeting with us today. We very much appreciate your time. I am attaching the following documents for your review: 1. Complaint in the defamation case against Ghislaine Maxwell (just today, Judge Sweet denied Maxwell's motion to dismiss today); 2. Declarations that filed in the CVRA case; 3. The Rule 56.1 statement recently filed in the CVRA case; 4. The redacted 302 Please let us know what other information we can provide or if you have any further questions. Best

### Match 2
> in any follow-up that you may. From: Date: Monday, February 29, 2016 at 10:03 PM To: Cc: Subject: EFTA00026781 Thank you again for meeting with us today. We very much appreciate your time. I am attaching the following documents for your review: 1. Complaint in the defamation case against Ghislaine Maxwell (just today, Judge Sweet denied Maxwell's motion to dismiss today); 2. Declarations that filed in the CVRA case; 3. The Rule 56.1 statement recently filed in the CVRA case; 4. The redacted 302 Please let us know what other information we can provide or if you have any further question

### Match 3
> day, February 29, 2016 at 10:03 PM To: Cc: Subject: EFTA00026781 Thank you again for meeting with us today. We very much appreciate your time. I am attaching the following documents for your review: 1. Complaint in the defamation case against Ghislaine Maxwell (just today, Judge Sweet denied Maxwell's motion to dismiss today); 2. Declarations that filed in the CVRA case; 3. The Rule 56.1 statement recently filed in the CVRA case; 4. The redacted 302 Please let us know what other information we can provide or if you have any further questions. Best, The information contained in this ele
