# EFTA02417121

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationggmail.com]|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|03 November 2010 16:39|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.com] From: The Duke Sent Thur 11/4/2010 9:09:45 AM Subject RE: I will call you later this evening after I have had my chat with my Libyan contact to see what we can arrange for you in Tripoli. About 1900 your time. A HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationggmail.com] Sent: 03 November 2010 16:39 To: The Duke Subject: I would like to talk to you about vacation nov 29- dec5.. would you like to have a private screening of the movie the Kings Speech. we could invite some " interesting " people. I want to

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.com] 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent 
Thur 11/4/2010 9:09:45 AM 
Subject RE: 
I will call you later this evening after I have had my chat with my Libyan contact to 
see what we can arrange for you in Tripoli. 
About 1900 your time. 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacationggmail.com] 
Sent: 03 November 2010 16:39 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
I would like to talk to you about vacation nov 29- dec5.. would you like to have a private 
screening of the movie the Kings Speech. we could invite some " interesting " people. I want to 
talk about david and Tim Collins. , my up and coming abu dhabi trip. etc in om 
******** ******************** 
******************************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA_R1_01481834 
EFTA02417121

including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01481835 
EFTA02417122

