# EFTA02689072

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, palace, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein =It;jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|James Henderson|
|Sent|24 May 2011 11:35|
|Subject|Fw: Fw:|

---

**[WORD]:** hat I ws broken and not the strong person you know, and I got =ompletely obliterated too, and I saw all my childrens work etc disappearing.. I =hut down and everyone out. I was frightened. The Palace system is frightening, =nd each step I turned or each action was wrong and I did not want to hurt Andrew =ne more time. So Jeffrey, this email is sent with a hope you accept, and understand a =ittle of my side too. 2 EFTA_R1_02027019 EFTA02689073 We are and have both been in the firing line, both blamed for stuff we =ave not done, this front line attack has been like this for me for 22 years. Y

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
James Henderson 
Sent: 
Tuesday, May 24, 2011 11:06 AM 
To: 
Cc: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
RE: Fw: 
At the same time as correcting this issue in interviews =effrey Epstein's lawyer sent me a suggested letter in your name 
which I copied to you =#8211; post my request for further information I never heard anything more on =his. 
James 
James Henderson 
Managing Director 
=br> Pelham Bell Pottinger 
6th Floor, Holborn Gate, 330 High Holborn, London, WC1V 7QD 
www.pelhambellpottinger.co.uk 
 
&#=230• 
A CarbonNeutralS company 
From:=/b> Sarah [mato 
Sent: 24 May 2011 11:35 
To: James Henderson 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: Fw: Fw: 
James, I am also confused. We have corrected the =roblem, publicly with People Magazine and The New York Times. 
Although they are =ot out yet, so were we not waiting for the answers back from Jeffreys team? =o:p> 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and =ntended solely for the use of the individual or entity to 
whom they are =ddressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the sender immediately. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein =It;jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Tue, 24 May 2011 06:24:44 =0400 
To: = 
EFTA_R1_02027018 
EFTA02689072

Subject: Re: Fw: 
I understand why„ =t says that james and I would work on a solution, I thought we had, but I have not =een the letter 
that was promised. 
On Tue, May 24, 2011 at 6:04 AM, Sarah 
> wrote: 
fyi 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and =ntended solely for the use of the individual or entity to 
whom they are =ddressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the sender immediately. 
 
Original Messa e 
From: "Sarah" 
Date: Wed, 27 Apr 2011 02:17:01 
To: Jeffrey Epstein<jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Reply-To: 
It is really horrendous to be continually used to hurt people you care =eeply about by the newspapers. It is beyond any 
words, as you know. 
I know you spoke to James. I of all people understand what it feels like =o be castagated by the Tabloids. I know how you 
feel. 
I know you also feel hellaciously let down by me, from what you were =ither told or read, and I must humbly apologise 
to you and your heart for =hat. You have always been a steadfast, generous and supreme friend to me and my =amily. 
As you know I did absolutely not say the P. Word about you. But =nderstand it was reported that I did. 
However, I am apologising to you today for not replying to your email, =r reaching out to you when the tabloids were so 
vicious and horrendous... =n the weeks leading up to that monday when I made my statement. And then =fterwards. 
When they used me to hurt you beyond realms. 
As you know, it was and is the worst nightmare for you, but also for me. =s you know the whole story did not come 
about because of me. 
However because of my statement they made it worse for you. I understand =11 this. 
You know me well, and we are steadfast to that. But, I must apologise =or not reaching out to you or answering your 
email. It is unlike me. Therefore, =ou can only deduce, that something else must have been going on, for me to =eact in 
this way. So in the eye of your storm, which I know is hellacious, =ay I ask you to accept my apology for not reaching out 
to you, in the eye of MY =torm, and accept and understand that I was in fear beyond all totality and I =ould not move 
left or right because of it, and was close to bed ridden with =he fear of what was happening. I was paralysed. I was 
advised in no uncertain =erms to having nothing to do with you, and not to speak or email you, and if I =id, I would cause 
more problems to both You and The Duke and myself. So I shut =own and ran away. I was broken and lost. So please 
understand, as I do about =ou, that I ws broken and not the strong person you know, and I got =ompletely obliterated 
too, and I saw all my childrens work etc disappearing.. I =hut down and everyone out. I was frightened. The Palace 
system is frightening, =nd each step I turned or each action was wrong and I did not want to hurt Andrew =ne more 
time. 
So Jeffrey, this email is sent with a hope you accept, and understand a =ittle of my side too. 
2 
EFTA_R1_02027019 
EFTA02689073

We are and have both been in the firing line, both blamed for stuff we =ave not done, this front line attack has been like 
this for me for 22 years. You =ould have thought I was thick skinned enough to handle it. I know there are 2 =ides to 
every story, I have heard yours, please hear mine. 
I am glad you spoke to James, and James made you aware from the British =edia standpoint, that all this hellaciousness 
had been going on many days =EFORE my statement. And I was instructed to act with the uptmost speed, from most 
=ides, if I was to have any chance at all holding onto my career as a childrens =ook author etc and a childrens 
philanthropist, and I got terrified. I should =ave taken advice from you too, before speaking to Geordie, and taken a day 
=r two to think of the ramifications of my actions, but for the reasons as =tated above, I was in over riding fear. I am 
sorry. I just did not know what =r where to turn. 
I know James can send you every single article from the days, weeks, =eading up to that Monday of the statement from 
the endless horrendous pages =ritten about You and The Duke. So you can see why I became paralysed. 
I know you and James are going to work on a solution. 
In the meantime, I write this from the truth of my heart. 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and =ntended solely for the use of the individual or entity to 
whom they are =ddressed. If you have received this email in error please notify the sender immediately. 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_02027020 
EFTA02689074

