# EFTA00038020 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** '
- **To:** '
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** C-20 Request for assistance

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ink you two. On Oct 19, 2020 9:07 PM, (NY) (FBI)" a wrote: Hi SA is available to assist on Friday. On Oct 19, 2020 6:18 PM, His (NY) (FBI)" <MMINIMIE> wrote: This has been scheduled and rescheduled multiple times due to the availability of defense counsel. It has now been scheduled for Maxwell and her attorneys to review discovery items this Friday, 10/23/2020. sis still available to assist butsis unavailable. Would you mind canvassing for one agent to assists for Friday from 8am — 3p at the MDC? Thank you! Special Agent FBI New York Field Office Child Exploitation/Human Traffickin

### Match 2
> and SA can assist • (NY) (FBI) c ›; (NY) EFTA00038020 Forwarded message From: " (NY) (FBI)" < > Date: Oct 1, 2020 8:39 AM Subject: C-20 request for assistance next week To: NY-NADP < > Cc: ' (NY) (FBI)" >," All- (NYPD)" < Squad C-20 is requesting assistance from two agents for the Maxwell investigation. They are looking for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially b

### Match 3
> or assistance next week To: NY-NADP < > Cc: ' (NY) (FBI)" >," All- (NYPD)" < Squad C-20 is requesting assistance from two agents for the Maxwell investigation. They are looking for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able to assist Thanks, EFTA00038021

### Match 4
> ng for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able to assist Thanks, EFTA00038021
