# EFTA02568069

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, highbridge

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 20, 2013 10:57 AM To: Eva Dubin; glennd@highbridge.com this is rosovskys buildign. no hotel service .however you could make=this one really pretty, actulallly invite people there for dinners. , and =ot fill like schelppers. , and it has outdoor space? If not, don't =orry, also do not becconcerned about resale , thre is always

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 20, 2013 10:57 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin; glennd@highbridge.com 
this is rosovskys buildign. no hotel service .however you could make=this one really pretty, actulallly invite people 
there for dinners. , and =ot fill like schelppers. , and it has outdoor space? If not, don't =orry, also do not becconcerned 
about resale , thre is always t=e next class of parents. looking, 
http://www. highrises.com/city/boston/listi ng/71487230-130-mount-=uburn-street-412-cambridge-ma-02138-
condominium/ <http://www.highrises.com/city=boston/listing/71487230-130-mount-auburn-street-412-cambridge-ma-
02138-con=ominiumh 
T=e information contained in this communication is confidential, may be a=torney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is int=nded only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received t=is communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or=by e-mail to 
je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--047d7bd914b64e3b0c04d859162a-- conversation-id 249338 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1363777044 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 283936 
1 
EFTA_R1_01734828 
EFTA02568069

