# EFTA02704859

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew S"|
|To|=/b>"Richard Kahn (|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>New Issue $25 =ar: KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Perpetual Preferred Stock; 6.75% Area; =ixed-for-Life|

---

**[WORD]:** KKR & Co LP_Bookmarked PDF_Prel Pros Supp.pdf; Untitled attachment 00050.htm offered both from MS and Wells note preferred =s for KKR not the holding company (KFN) Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 =ar: KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Perpetual Preferred Stock; 6.75% Area; =ixed-for-Life Date: March 10, 2016 at 10:29:42 AM EST To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( )" <richardkahn12@gmail.com> Morning Rich, New issue preferred pricing today that I wanted to show you =nd STC. Detail

**[WORD]:** ible; see red for further tax information. Subject to US Tax =ithholding for NRA =lients: =nbsp; &n=sp; K-1 will be issued, see below =or tax consequences. &nb=p; Expected =isting: =nbsp; &n=sp; NYSE Timing: &n=sp; &nbs=; Today's =usiness Let me know if you have any questions. Best, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas First Vice President Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Financial Advisor Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 NMLS ID # =326736 3 EFTA_R1_02093376 EFTA02704861 Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not use e-ma

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn e
> 
Sent: 
Thursday, March 10, 2016 4:13 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: New Issue $25 Par: KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Perpetual Preferred Stock; 6.75% Area; 
Fixed-for-Life 
Attachments: 
KKR & Co LP_Bookmarked PDF_Prel Pros Supp.pdf; Untitled attachment 00050.htm 
offered both from MS and Wells 
note preferred =s for KKR not the holding company (KFN) 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" 
Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 =ar: KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Perpetual Preferred Stock; 6.75% Area; =ixed-for-Life 
Date: March 10, 2016 at 10:29:42 AM EST 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn ( 
)" <richardkahn12@gmail.com> 
Morning Rich, 
New issue preferred pricing today that I wanted to show you =nd STC. 
Details: 
$25 Par New Issue Syndicate Offering: 
KKR & Co. L.P. =Ticker: KKR) 
EFTA_R1_02093374 
EFTA02704859

&nb=p; 
Issuer: 
&n=sp; 
KKR & Co. L.P. =Ticker: KKR) 
&nb=p; 
Securities =ffered: 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; Series A Preferred Units 
&nb=p; 
Size: 
&nbs=; 
=150mm (6mm $25 par securities) 
&nb=p; 
Expected =atings: 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; BBB+ S&P, BBB+ Fitch 
Format: 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
SEC Registered 
Maturity: 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Perpetual 
&nb=p; 
Price =alk: 
&nb=p; 
= 6.75% Area; Fixed-for-Life 
&nb=p; 
Offer =rice: 
&n=sp; 
=25.00 
&nb=p; 
Payment Dates: =nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
Quarterly, on the 15th March, June, September =nd 
December beginning 6/15/16 
&nb=p; 
Redemption: 
&nbs=; 
At =he issuer's option, callable at $25.00 anytime on or after June =5, 2021 or 
before upon the occurrence of a Change of 
Control at $25.25 (see =ed for details). 
Upon the occurrence of = Change of Control, if not redeemed, the rate will increase by =.00% (see red for 
details). 
Step-up: 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
Use of =roceeds: 
investments. 
&=bsp; 
General corporate purposes, including to =und acquisitions and 
2 
EFTA_R1_02093375 
EFTA02704860

&nb=p; 
DRD/QDI =ligible: 
&=bsp; Not eligible; see red for further tax information. 
Subject to US Tax =ithholding for NRA =lients: 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
K-1 will be issued, see below =or tax 
consequences. 
&nb=p; 
Expected =isting: 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; NYSE 
Timing: 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
Today's =usiness 
Let me know if you have any questions. 
Best, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
First Vice President 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Financial Advisor 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 
NMLS ID # =326736 
3 
EFTA_R1_02093376 
EFTA02704861

Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any =ecurity or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this .-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
=eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, =o the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is subject to terms 
available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If you cannot access 
this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley 
you consent to =he foregoing. 
4 
EFTA_R1_02093377 
EFTA02704862

