# EFTA02283000

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, doctor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** 019, at 8:21 AM, .=: > wrote: Thank you so much Jeffrey! * On The, Apr 9, 2019 at 6:52 AM J leevacation@gmail.eom> wrote: And klinc to remove forhead moles and magnani for teeth On Tue, Apr 9, 2019 at 6:47 AM Lesley Groff wrote: EFTA_R1_01104736 EFTA02283000 Begin forwarded message: From: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Date: April 8, 2019 at 9:54:02 PM EDT To: Lesley Groff < Cc: Allison Yorke > Dan Adler Michael Krtunholz I will ask Allison to send contacts for both in am Please note, my email address has changed to On A r 8 2019 at 9:04 PM, Lesley Groff wrote: Hello Eva.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Tue 4/9/2019 6iiir 
Subject Re: doctors for 
Sony to hear you're not feeling well! I called Dr. Krumholtz they don't have an appointment 
available until April 23. Dr. Adler could see you on Wednesday 17 at 9:30 AM or Friday 19. at 2 
PM (I think that is what she said). Would next week Wednesday or Friday work for you? 
Let me know as soon as you can! Lesley 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 9, 2019, at 1:41 PM, 
wrote: 
Hi Lesley, 
I already had an appt with dr. Maniani this morning so we can cross that out. 
I will let you know regarding my forehead later but my priority is a gastroenterologist. 
I've been having some aggressive digestive issues and I need to schedule 
colonoscopy, which is already scheduled by my primary doctor but my appt is a 
month away and nothing earlier when I tried to call them so that's why JE wants 
me to go to differ. doctor. But this week my schedule is full so maybe next 
Monday (morning before noon) or Tuesday (anytime). Thank you Lesley and let 
me know. 
•B
On Tue, Apr 9, 2019 at 8:41 AM Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Hi 
Please let me know your availability! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 9, 2019, at 8:21 AM, 
.=:
> wrote: 
Thank you so much Jeffrey! * 
On The, Apr 9, 2019 at 6:52 AM J leevacation@gmail.eom> wrote: 
And klinc to remove forhead moles and magnani for teeth 
On Tue, Apr 9, 2019 at 6:47 AM Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01104736 
EFTA02283000

Begin forwarded message: 
From: Eva Dubin 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: April 8, 2019 at 9:54:02 PM EDT 
To: Lesley Groff < 
Cc: Allison Yorke 
> 
Dan Adler 
Michael Krtunholz 
I will ask Allison to send contacts for both in am 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
On A r 8 2019 at 9:04 PM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Hello Eva. Jeffrey is asking if you could please give us a 
recommendation for a 
for 
Please let me know 
Thanks. Lesley 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Sincerely 
EFTA_R1_01104737 
EFTA02283001

