# EFTA02415034

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** effrey Epstein" <jecvacationagmail.com> wrote: did you speak to karem? On Fri, Nov 26, 2010 at 12:26 AM, Sultan Bin Sulayem wrote: Great I will contact him Sent from my iPhone On 25 Nov 2010, at 11:40 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jccvacation@gmail.com> wrote: my great friend , boris ; right hand to bill gates and someone i think you might enjoy will be available monday the night of the 29th in dubai The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the prope

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinljeevacationgegmail.com] 
From: 
Sultan Bin Sulayem 
Sent 
Fri 11/26/2010 10:00:48 AM 
Subject Re: Re: 
AtaSpoke to Karim 
He is organising Senegal 
V 
Sent from my iPhonc 
On 26 Nov 2010, at 11:44 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jecvacationagmail.com> wrote: 
did you speak to karem? 
On Fri, Nov 26, 2010 at 12:26 AM, Sultan Bin Sulayem 
wrote:
Great I will contact him 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 25 Nov 2010, at 11:40 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jccvacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
my great friend , boris ; right hand to bill gates and someone i think 
you might enjoy will be available monday the night of the 29th in 
dubai 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
NOTE: This e-mail message is subject to the Dubai World Group 
disclaimer see http://www.dubaiworld.ae/email disclaimer 
EFTA_R1_0 1478235 
EFTA02415034

*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@amail 
and
destroy this communication and all copies thereof. 
including all attachments. 
NOTE: This e-mail message is subject to the Dubai World Group disclaimer see 
http://www.clubaiworld.ae/email_disclaimer 
EFTA_R1_0 1478236 
EFTA02415035

