# EFTA00038404 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monda , March 02 2020 13:31
- **Subject:** Keep Open Letter - USAA

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: " To: Cc: Subject: RE: Keep Open Letter - USAA Date: Mon, 02 Mar 2020 20:18:19 +0000 Importance: Normal Hey Alex, see below regarding identifiers. Ghislaine Maxwell aka Ghislaine Borgerson Scott Borgerson USAA Account number Thanks! Message From: Sent: Monda , March 02 2020 3:00 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Keep Open Letter - USAA Mandy, I think you mentioned on the phone earlier that they need the names and SSNs of the people we're asking to keep open -

### Match 2
> From: " To: Cc: Subject: RE: Keep Open Letter - USAA Date: Mon, 02 Mar 2020 20:18:19 +0000 Importance: Normal Hey Alex, see below regarding identifiers. Ghislaine Maxwell aka Ghislaine Borgerson Scott Borgerson USAA Account number Thanks! Message From: Sent: Monda , March 02 2020 3:00 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Keep Open Letter - USAA Mandy, I think you mentioned on the phone earlier that they need the names and SSNs of the people we're asking to kee

### Match 3
> From: " To: Cc: Subject: RE: Keep Open Letter - USAA Date: Mon, 02 Mar 2020 20:18:19 +0000 Importance: Normal Hey Alex, see below regarding identifiers. Ghislaine Maxwell aka Ghislaine Borgerson Scott Borgerson USAA Account number Thanks! Message From: Sent: Monda , March 02 2020 3:00 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Keep Open Letter - USAA Mandy, I think you mentioned on the phone earlier that they need the names and SSNs of the people we're asking to keep open -- obviously I

### Match 4
> erson Scott Borgerson USAA Account number Thanks! Message From: Sent: Monda , March 02 2020 3:00 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Keep Open Letter - USAA Mandy, I think you mentioned on the phone earlier that they need the names and SSNs of the people we're asking to keep open -- obviously I know Maxwell's name but could you please send any other info we need for her, as well as any other names and info for anybody else? And I'll get this letter to you today. Thanks. Ori inal Messa e From: Sent: Monda , March 02 2020 13:31 To: Cc: Subject: Keep Open Letter - USAA Hey all, EFTA00038404 C
