# EFTA00010943 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 9

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** November 29 2021 1:05 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Maxwell Link

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ks. Sent from my BlackBerry - the most secure mobile device From: Sent: November 29 2021 1:05 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell Link CAUTION - EXTERNAL: Joe, Ed, here's what we're ready to post, unless you have any correction: November 29, 2021 Victim Attendance at Trial in United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell In orders dated October 14 and November 24, 2021, the S.D.N:Y. Court outlined procedures for public access to the trial in this matter. (Trial began on November 29, 2021, with jury selection.) Specifically, consistent with the District's COVID-19 protocols, the Court will ensure public access (w

### Match 2
> ks. Sent from my BlackBerry - the most secure mobile device From: Sent: November 29 2021 1:05 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell Link CAUTION - EXTERNAL: Joe, Ed, here's what we're ready to post, unless you have any correction: November 29, 2021 Victim Attendance at Trial in United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell In orders dated October 14 and November 24, 2021, the S.D.N:Y. Court outlined procedures for public access to the trial in this matter. (Trial began on November 29, 2021, with jury selection.) Specifically, consistent with the District's COVID-19 protocols, the Court will ensure public a

### Match 3
> er which says in-person? Edward A. Friedland, Esq. District Court Executive United States District Court Southern District of New York From: Joseph Pecorino Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 11:57 AM To: Edward Friedland Subject: Maxwell Link https://www.justice.goviusao-sdny/united-states-v-ghislaine-maxwell Joseph Pecorino Office of the District Executive United Stales District Court Southern District of New York Email: Office: PLEASE CONSIDER THE ENVIRONMENT BEFORE PRINTING THIS EMAIL CAUTION - EXTERNAL EMAIL: This email originated outside the Judiciary. Exercise caution when opening

### Match 4
> From: ' To: Edward Friedland Cc: Jose Subject: RE: Maxwell Link Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 18:10:49 +0000 I ['lin e-I m ages: image001.jpg Matthew Rogers H I hanks. \Veil roll it out. From: Edward Friedland ca Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 1:07 PM To: Cc: Joseph Pecorino ; Matthew Rogers cji :; Subject: Re: Maxwell Link Good with me. Thanks. Se

### Match 5
> riedland Cc: Jose Subject: RE: Maxwell Link Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 18:10:49 +0000 I ['lin e-I m ages: image001.jpg Matthew Rogers H I hanks. \Veil roll it out. From: Edward Friedland ca Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 1:07 PM To: Cc: Joseph Pecorino ; Matthew Rogers cji :; Subject: Re: Maxwell Link Good with me. Thanks. Sent from my BlackBerry - the most secure mobile device From: Sent: November 29 2021 1:05 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell Link CAUTION - EXTERNAL: Joe, Ed, here's what we're ready to post, unless you have any correction: November 29, 2021 Victim Attendance at

### Match 6
> l it out. From: Edward Friedland ca Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 1:07 PM To: Cc: Joseph Pecorino ; Matthew Rogers cji :; Subject: Re: Maxwell Link Good with me. Thanks. Sent from my BlackBerry - the most secure mobile device From: Sent: November 29 2021 1:05 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell Link CAUTION - EXTERNAL: Joe, Ed, here's what we're ready to post, unless you have any correction: November 29, 2021 Victim Attendance at Trial in United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell In orders dated October 14 and November 24, 2021, the S.D.N:Y. Court outlined procedures for public access to th

### Match 7
> d by the Court will be required to leave the courthouse. There are no exceptions. For more information, please see https://wwwnysd.uscourts.govicovid-19-coronavirus. From: Edward Friedland Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 12:01 PM To: ) c >; Cc: Joseph Pecorino < ; Matthew Rogers Subject: FW: Maxwell Link This info on your web page is outdated and is causing the public to try and access the Maxwell matter by phone. Can you pull down the access number info and update with the latest order which says in-person? Edward A. Friedland, Esq. District Court Executive United States District Court

### Match 8
> on, please see https://wwwnysd.uscourts.govicovid-19-coronavirus. From: Edward Friedland Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 12:01 PM To: ) c >; Cc: Joseph Pecorino < ; Matthew Rogers Subject: FW: Maxwell Link This info on your web page is outdated and is causing the public to try and access the Maxwell matter by phone. Can you pull down the access number info and update with the latest order which says in-person? Edward A. Friedland, Esq. District Court Executive United States District Court Southern District of New York From: Joseph Pecorino Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 11:57 AM To: E

### Match 9
> pull down the access number info and update with the latest order which says in-person? Edward A. Friedland, Esq. District Court Executive United States District Court Southern District of New York From: Joseph Pecorino Sent: Monday, November 29, 2021 11:57 AM To: Edward Friedland Subject: Maxwell Link https://www.justice.goviusao-sdny/united-states-v-ghislaine-maxwell Joseph Pecorino Office of the District Executive United Stales District Court Southern District of New York Email: Office: PLEASE CONSIDER THE ENVIRONMENT BEFORE PRINTING THIS EMAIL CAUTION - EXTERNAL EMAIL: This emai
