# EFTA00014900 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>; USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS-
- **Sent:** Sunday, November 28, 2021 9:59 AM
- **Subject:** United States v.

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From To Cc Subject: FW: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 14:33:24 +0000 pens Good luck ladies! I have no doubt you will rock it. From: Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 9:59 AM To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>; USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- CRIMINALPARALEGALS@usa doi gov>; USANYS-INVESTIGATOR

### Match 2
> have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable. will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318 Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906. There is a

### Match 3
> From To Cc Subject: FW: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -- Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 14:33:24 +0000 pens Good luck ladies! I have no doubt you will rock it. From: Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 9:59 AM To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>; USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- CRIMINALPARALEGALS@usa doi gov>; USANYS-INVE

### Match 4
> have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable. will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318 Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906. Th
