# EFTA02697592

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Jeffrey <jeevac=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|Sent||
|Subject|Dubin Volun|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: To: Cc: Subject: ask.to help with the CV Fo=warded me From: Eva Dubin=/b> < Date: Mon, Apr 2, 2012 Subject: FW: Dubin Volunteer - To: Jeffrey <jeevac=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Monday, April 2, 2012 7:14 PM Fwd: FW: Dubin Volunteer From: mailto: Subject: Dubin Volun Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:=7 +00

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: To: Cc: Subject: ask.to help with the CV Fo=warded me From: Eva Dubin=/b> < Date: Mon, Apr 2, 2012 Subject: FW: Dubin Volunteer - To: Jeffrey <jeevac=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Monday, April 2, 2012 7:14 PM Fwd: FW: Dubin Volunteer From: mailto: Subject: Dubin Volun Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:=7 +0000 Dear Cynthia: To follow up our conversation=i

**[WORD]:** rom: Sent: To: Cc: Subject: ask.to help with the CV Fo=warded me From: Eva Dubin=/b> < Date: Mon, Apr 2, 2012 Subject: FW: Dubin Volunteer - To: Jeffrey <jeevac=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Monday, April 2, 2012 7:14 PM Fwd: FW: Dubin Volunteer From: mailto: Subject: Dubin Volun Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:=7 +0000 Dear Cynthia: To follow up our conversation=is an undergraduate stu=ent Dr. Dubin would like to have volunteer at the Dubin Center until the s=mmer. Based on my conversation with Dr. Dubin, l ictivity will cons

**[WORD]:** lp with the CV Fo=warded me From: Eva Dubin=/b> < Date: Mon, Apr 2, 2012 Subject: FW: Dubin Volunteer - To: Jeffrey <jeevac=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Monday, April 2, 2012 7:14 PM Fwd: FW: Dubin Volunteer From: mailto: Subject: Dubin Volun Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:=7 +0000 Dear Cynthia: To follow up our conversation=is an undergraduate stu=ent Dr. Dubin would like to have volunteer at the Dubin Center until the s=mmer. Based on my conversation with Dr. Dubin, l ictivity will consist of maintaining the reception a=ea (su

**[WORD]:** c=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Monday, April 2, 2012 7:14 PM Fwd: FW: Dubin Volunteer From: mailto: Subject: Dubin Volun Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:=7 +0000 Dear Cynthia: To follow up our conversation=is an undergraduate stu=ent Dr. Dubin would like to have volunteer at the Dubin Center until the s=mmer. Based on my conversation with Dr. Dubin, l ictivity will consist of maintaining the reception a=ea (such as stocking fruit, about 3.4 hours a day). She is not permitte= to engage in any clinical or research activity. I have also

**[WORD]:** .com» Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Monday, April 2, 2012 7:14 PM Fwd: FW: Dubin Volunteer From: mailto: Subject: Dubin Volun Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:=7 +0000 Dear Cynthia: To follow up our conversation=is an undergraduate stu=ent Dr. Dubin would like to have volunteer at the Dubin Center until the s=mmer. Based on my conversation with Dr. Dubin, l ictivity will consist of maintaining the reception a=ea (such as stocking fruit, about 3.4 hours a day). She is not permitte= to engage in any clinical or research activity. I have also attached t=e OBC volunteer manual for your

**[WORD]:** 012 7:14 PM Fwd: FW: Dubin Volunteer From: mailto: Subject: Dubin Volun Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:=7 +0000 Dear Cynthia: To follow up our conversation=is an undergraduate stu=ent Dr. Dubin would like to have volunteer at the Dubin Center until the s=mmer. Based on my conversation with Dr. Dubin, l ictivity will consist of maintaining the reception a=ea (such as stocking fruit, about 3.4 hours a day). She is not permitte= to engage in any clinical or research activity. I have also attached t=e OBC volunteer manual for your reference. ased on our conversation today, you are enrolled in =

**[WORD]:** et me know if you have any questions. Best, Hamel Hamel Vyas, Esquire Director, International Personnel Human Resources Box 1514 2 EFTA_R1_02056057 EFTA02697593 HOW MAY WE HELP YOU? From: Caridi, Raina Sent: Tuesday, March 27, 2012 3:27 PM To: Vyas, Hamel Cc: Bellino, Melissa Subject: Dubin Volunteer Manual Hamel: Please see attached for the Dubin Breast Center volunteer manual. Thank you Raina Caridi =AO =AO =AO =AO =AO =A0 =AO =AO =AO =AO =AO =A0 Practice Su ervisor <mailto ******** **** ***** an* The information contained in this communication =s confidential

**[WORD]:** yas, Esquire Director, International Personnel Human Resources Box 1514 2 EFTA_R1_02056057 EFTA02697593 HOW MAY WE HELP YOU? From: Caridi, Raina Sent: Tuesday, March 27, 2012 3:27 PM To: Vyas, Hamel Cc: Bellino, Melissa Subject: Dubin Volunteer Manual Hamel: Please see attached for the Dubin Breast Center volunteer manual. Thank you Raina Caridi =AO =AO =AO =AO =AO =A0 =AO =AO =AO =AO =AO =A0 Practice Su ervisor <mailto ******** **** ***** an* The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute in=ide

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: 
ask.to help with the CV 
 
Fo=warded me 
From: Eva Dubin=/b> < 
Date: Mon, Apr 2, 2012 
Subject: FW: Dubin Volunteer -
To: Jeffrey <jeevac=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Monday, April 2, 2012 7:14 PM 
Fwd: FW: Dubin Volunteer 
From: 
mailto: 
Subject: Dubin Volun 
Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:=7 +0000 
Dear Cynthia: 
To follow up our conversation=is an undergraduate stu=ent Dr. Dubin would like to have volunteer at the Dubin 
Center until the s=mmer. Based on my conversation with Dr. Dubin, l
ictivity will consist of maintaining the 
reception a=ea (such as stocking fruit, about 3.4 hours a day). She is not permitte= to engage in any clinical or research 
activity. I have also attached t=e OBC volunteer manual for your reference. 
ased on our conversation today, you are enrolled in =n English language school and you plan on enrolling in an 
un ergraduate pr=gram in the near future. 
You indicated that your current 
and that you plan on extending it. We can permit 
you to volunteer =p to 3 months time up to 4 hours a day. Since you are 
must be =ure to fulfill the time requirements of your course of study. 
you 
EFTA_R1_02056056 
EFTA02697592

I will need you to either scan or fax the following:</=> 
CV in Word (this you can email); 
1-94 Arrival/Departure card; 
Valid I-20 as well as the extension once you have received it= 
Copy of F-1 visa in your passport; and 
Copy of biographic passport page. 
Ms. Levy in Volunteer Services will coordinate your clearance=. Once you are cleared, the will request an ID badge on 
your behalf and y=u are authorized to volunteer for 3 months from that date. Cynthia
rnay be reached at■ 
=pan> 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Best, 
Hamel 
Hamel Vyas, Esquire 
Director, International Personnel 
Human Resources Box 1514 
2 
EFTA_R1_02056057 
EFTA02697593

HOW MAY WE HELP YOU? 
From: Caridi, Raina 
Sent: Tuesday, March 27, 2012 3:27 PM 
To: Vyas, Hamel 
Cc: Bellino, Melissa 
Subject: Dubin Volunteer Manual 
Hamel: 
Please see attached for the Dubin Breast Center volunteer manual. 
Thank you 
Raina Caridi 
=AO 
=AO 
=AO 
=AO 
=AO 
=A0 
=AO 
=AO 
=AO 
=AO 
=AO 
=A0 
Practice Su ervisor 
<mailto 
 
 ******** **** ***** an* 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received t=is communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or=by e-mail to 
je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_02056058 
EFTA02697594

