# EFTA02496272

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** but I can check with two phone calls. None of the guys who have accepted should have a problem. Fyi, Kahneman =s ok. I should check with Tetlock. If anything, the only people might =e the corporate guys I've yet to hear from. I could see the founders of =he big companies unhappy if they got the Prince Andrew treatment by the =ress in terms of photos and reportage. The only reporters are Markoff and Andrian Kreye (who you met) both =riends who should be able to cover the event without mentioning you. =nly one person to date has a blog. Venter is close to agreeing to come. If he comes I will get

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
John Brockman 
Sent: 
Saturday, June 27, 2015 6:45 PM 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey 
Subject: 
Update re Edge Master Class 
AT Google, Sci Foo 
JE, 
In terms of women, I don't see a problem with this list: Jennifer =acquet, Katinka, Anne Treisman (Kahneman's wife) - no 
problem. Margaret =evi a savvy political scientist and a savvy lady, replaced Kosslyn at =tanford. Finally, Barbara Mellars, 
Tetlock's wife. I don't see a =roblem but I can check with two phone calls. 
None of the guys who have accepted should have a problem. Fyi, Kahneman =s ok. I should check with Tetlock. If 
anything, the only people might =e the corporate guys I've yet to hear from. I could see the founders of =he big 
companies unhappy if they got the Prince Andrew treatment by the =ress in terms of photos and reportage. 
The only reporters are Markoff and Andrian Kreye (who you met) both =riends who should be able to cover the event 
without mentioning you. =nly one person to date has a blog. 
Venter is close to agreeing to come. If he comes I will get Church with =hom I just had breakfast. He will come if you fly 
out from Boston and =ive him a ride. 
JB 
obile 
SUPERFORECASTING LIST - CONFIDENTIAL 
PLANNING ON ATTENDING (to date): 
We are planning on having about 30 attendees, drawn from previous Edge =aster Classes, Seminars, Dinners. To date: 
ATTENDEES 
To date, the following have rsvp'd: 
• Stewart Brand, Founder, The Whole Earth Catalog; Co-Founder, =he Well; Co-Founder, The Long Now Foundation; 
Author, Whole Earth =iscipline • Rodney Brooks, Panasonic Professor of Robotics (emeritus), =IT, Computer Science and 
Artificial Intelligence Lab; Founder, Chairman =nd CTO of Rethink Robotics. 
• George Dyson, Science Historian; Author, Project Orion; =uring's Cathedral • W. Daniel Hillis, Physicist, Computer 
Scientist, Pioneer in =assively parallel computation; Chairman of Applied Minds, Inc.; Author, =he Pattern on the Stone • 
Wael Ghonim, pro-democracy leader of the Tarir Square =emonstrations in Egypt; anonymous administrator of the 
Facebook page, =We are all Khaled Saeed", which helped spark the revolution leading to =ubarak's downfall. 
• Jennifer Jacquet, Assistant Professor of Environmental =tudies, NYU; Author, Is Shame Necessary? 
• Daniel Kahneman, Eugene Higgins Professor Emeritus of =sychology at Princeton; Author, Thinking, Fast and Slow; 
Winner of the =013 Presidential Medal of Honor; Recipient of the 2002 Nobel Prize in =conomic Sciences • Salar 
EFTA_R1_01620690 
EFTA02496272

Kamangar, Senior Vice President, Products, Google; =ormer head of YouTube • Dean Kamen, Inventor and Entrepreneur, 
DEKA Research • Andrian Kreye, Editor, The Feuilleton (Arts and Essays), of =he largest German National Daily 
Newspaper, Sueddeutsche Zeitung, =unich • Peter Lee, Corporate Vice President, Microsoft Research. =reviously, 
founder and director of DARPA's technology office tasked =ith supporting research in computing and related areas in the 
social =nd physical sciences. Former head of Carnegie Mellon University's =ationally top-ranked Computer Science 
Department and as CMU's Vice =rovost for Research. 
• Margaret Levi, Director, Center For Advanced Study in =ehavioral Sciences (CASBS), Stanford University; Jere L. 
Bacharach =rofessor Emerita of International Studies, U. Washington • John Markoff, Science Correspondent, The New 
York Times; =uthor, Machines of Loving Grace • Barbara Mellers, Psychologist; George Heyman University =rofessor at 
the University of Pennsylvania; past President of the =ociety of Judgment and Decision Making • Dave Morin, Internet 
entrepreneur. Former Senior Platform =anager, Facebook; Co-inventor, Facebook Platform and Facebook Connect; 
=ounder & CEO, Path • Sean Parker, Partner, Founders Fund; Co-founder and Founding =resident, Facebook • Philip 
Tetlock, Political and Social Scientist; Annenberg =niversity Professor at UPenn; Author, Expert Political Judgment • Anne 
Treisman, James S. McDonnell Distinguished University =rofessor Emeritus of Psychology at Princeton; Recipient, 
National Medal =f Science • D.A.Wallach, Recording Artist; Songwriter; Artist in =esidence, Spotify; Hi-Tech Investor 
EDGE 
• John Brockman, Cultural Impresario; Founder and Editor, EDGE; =ounder, Brockman, Inc.; Author, The Third Culture • 
Katinka Matson, Co-Founder, EDGE; President, Brockman, Inc.; =rtist, katinkamatson.com 
MAYBE 
George Church 
Nathan Myhrvold 
Hans Ulrich Obrist 
J. Craig Venter 
SPECIAL CASE 
This is all being handed by Tetlock. I am not in the loop. He is in =ouch with The Office of the DNI (General James 
Clapper) and there is =alk about the possibility of Clapper attending. IARPA, which is under =im, funds Tetlock's project. 
1. There are major security issues about =is traveling anywhere. It takes a lot of preparation; and 2. There are =aily 
developments around the world which might require his attention. = Another issue, for EDGE, is do we want to be 
perceived as being =onnected with the national intelligence establishment. 
AWAITING RESPONSE 
Paul Allen 
Yves Behar 
Jeff Bezos 
Sergey Brin 
Peter Diamandis 
Jennifer Doudna 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Tony Fadell 
Maja Hoffman 
Mike Krieger 
Ray Kurzweil 
Marissa Mayer 
Yuri Milner 
Sendhil Mullainathan 
Larry Page 
2 
EFTA_R1_01620691 
EFTA02496273

Leon Panetta 
Saul Perlmutter 
Charles Simonyi 
George Smoot 
Rory Sutherland 
Stephen Wolfram 
REGRETS 
Nicolas Berggruen 
Nick Bostrom 
Alfonso Cuaron 
Daniel C. Dennett 
Jesse Dylan 
Freeman Dyson 
Peter Gabriel 
Demis Hassabis 
Andre Linde 
Ian McEwan 
Tim O'Reilly 
Steven Pinker 
Nick Pritzker 
Jacqui Safra 
Stuart Russell 
laan Tallin 
Max Tegmark 
Richard Thaler 
Tim White 
Evan Williams 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>112237</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1435430700</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195717</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>520341</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01620692 
EFTA02496274

