# EFTA00027869 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 21-770 United States of America v. Maxwell "Notice of Appearance for Additional or Substitute

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> st viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/01/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-770 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: NOTICE OF APPEARANCE AS ADDITIONAL COUNSEL, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell in 21- 770, 21-58, FILED. Service date 04/01/2021 by CWECF. [3068185] [21-770, 21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Deputy Clerk Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document Description: Not

### Match 2
> st viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/01/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-770 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: NOTICE OF APPEARANCE AS ADDITIONAL COUNSEL, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell in 21- 770, 21-58, FILED. Service date 04/01/2021 by CWECF. [3068185] [21-770, 21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Deputy Clerk Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document Descript

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> To: Subject: 21-770 United States of America v. Maxwell "Notice of Appearance for Additional or Substitute Counsel FILED" Date: Thu, 01 Apr 2021 14:48:42 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/01/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-770 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: NOTICE OF APPEARANCE AS ADDITIONAL COUNSEL, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell in 21- 770, 21-58, FILED. Service date 04/01/2021 by CWECF. [3068185] [21-770, 21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored i
