# EFTA02412000

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, royal

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Tue Nov 23 20:32:06 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** and a royal may intrigue him. The other thing we could do...is, I have a dvd of "The King's Speech" and we can show it to him...but we can't tell anyone. — Original Message — From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Tue Nov 23 20:32:06 2010 Subject: woody alien for prince andrew? , who is smart and today The information contained in this communication is confidential. may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmaitconteevacationellgmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Wed 11/24/2010 2:00:28 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Title: Re: 
Woody is a great idea. Do you know Woody? I do. 
Could there be any resistance because he had a public issue with Soon-Yi?...just thinking ahead. 
Woody is very friendly with 1.orinda Ash, who I think is weird. lie may feel better if people he knows are around. On the 
other hand a royal may intrigue him. 
The other thing we could do...is, I have a dvd of "The King's Speech" and we can show it to him...but we can't tell anyone. 
— Original Message —
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Tue Nov 23 20:32:06 2010 
Subject: 
woody alien for prince andrew? , who is smart and today 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential. may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be tmlawfid. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01473531 
EFTA02412000

