# EFTA02624755

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, September 10, 2018 8:56 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: I will return thurs not sat. Lets talk On Mon, Sep 10, 2018 at =:52 AM Eva Dubin < > wrote: Any chance you could pick me up in Sweden? Saturday afternoon or evening? T=tally understand if not possible... wrote: Please note, my email a=dress has changed to On Sep 9, 2018, at 3

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, September 10, 2018 8:56 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: I will return thurs not sat. Lets talk On Mon, Sep 10, 2018 at =:52 AM Eva Dubin < > wrote: Any chance you could pick me up in Sweden? Saturday afternoon or evening? T=tally understand if not possible... wrote: Please note, my email a=dress has changed to On Sep 9, 2018, at 3:39 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com» wrote: sat On Sun, Sep

**[FULL]:** ance you could pick me up in Sweden? Saturday afternoon or evening? T=tally understand if not possible... wrote: Please note, my email a=dress has changed to On Sep 9, 2018, at 3:39 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com» wrote: sat On Sun, Sep 9, 2018 at 9:36 PM, Eva Dubin Found it!! When will you be back? P=ease note, my email address has changed On Sep 9, 2018, at 8:15 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmailcom <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com» wrote: i forgot where is my brown cheese please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, September 10, 2018 8:56 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
I will return thurs not sat. Lets talk 
On Mon, Sep 10, 2018 at =:52 AM Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
Any chance you could pick me up in Sweden? Saturday afternoon or evening? T=tally understand if not 
possible... 
wrote: 
Please note, my email a=dress has changed to 
On Sep 9, 2018, at 3:39 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com» wrote: 
sat 
On Sun, Sep 9, 2018 at 9:36 PM, Eva Dubin 
Found it!! 
When will you be back? 
P=ease note, my email address has changed 
On Sep 9, 2018, at 8:15 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmailcom 
<mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com» wrote: 
i forgot where is my brown cheese 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_01835513 
EFTA02624755

constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO please note 
The information contained in this=communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, mayconstitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the=addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or=copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibite= and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in err=r, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com<=a>, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including=all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved 
--00000000000039b52a057580888a-- conversation-id 328822 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1536569785 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 852130 
2 
EFTA_R1_01835514 
EFTA02624756

