# EFTA02250057

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Eva Dubin Fran: Sent at 181:11:33 PM Subject Re: Sounds good! Sent from my iPhone On Jun 29, 2018, at 7:43 PM, Eva Dubin < M> wrote: No... I might have to leave next week already Tuesday night or Wednesday night or Thursday night... Same flights... so the midnight to Paris and then two days late

**[FULL]:** To: Eva Dubin Fran: Sent at 181:11:33 PM Subject Re: Sounds good! Sent from my iPhone On Jun 29, 2018, at 7:43 PM, Eva Dubin < M> wrote: No... I might have to leave next week already Tuesday night or Wednesday night or Thursday night... Same flights... so the midnight to Paris and then two days later the evening flight to Gothenburgh. We can look at this on Monday. Thank you Please note, my email address has cha

**[FULL]:** We can look at this on Monday. Thank you Please note, my email address has changed to On Jun 29, 2018, at 6:48 PM, wrote: HI Eva...did you want to try to take the same flights but in first class if available.? 10th on AF#9 to Paris 12th on AF#1552 to Gothenburg On Jun 29, 2018, at 6:29 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: 11:** Please note, my email address has changed to On Jun 29, 2018, at 6:27 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: les get eva first class tickets to paris and then on to gothenburg return when she wants. please note The information contained in this communication is EFTA_R1

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Eva Dubin 
Fran: 
Sent 
at 
181:11:33 PM 
Subject Re: 
Sounds good! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 29, 2018, at 7:43 PM, Eva Dubin <
M> 
wrote: 
No... 
I might have to leave next week already Tuesday night or Wednesday night or 
Thursday night... 
Same flights... so the midnight to Paris and then two days later the evening flight 
to Gothenburgh. 
We can look at this on Monday. 
Thank you 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
On Jun 29, 2018, at 6:48 PM,
 wrote: 
HI Eva...did you want to try to take the same flights but in first class 
if available.? 
10th on AF#9 to Paris 
12th on AF#1552 to Gothenburg 
On Jun 29, 2018, at 6:29 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
11:** 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
On Jun 29, 2018, at 6:27 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
les get eva first class tickets to paris and 
then on to gothenburg return when she 
wants. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA_R1_01034436 
EFTA02250057

confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@amail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01034437 
EFTA02250058

