# EFTA02430325

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Mon Feb 22 09:17:00 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.compeeyacation@gmail.corn] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 2/22/2010 2:19:48 PM Subject: Re: Done. Yes I am. Hugely caught up in the centerline situation. Trying to close 3/1. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Feb 22 09:17:00 2010 Subject: would you tell you amcrican yacht harbor guy that i w

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.compeeyacation@gmail.corn] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 2/22/2010 2:19:48 PM Subject: Re: Done. Yes I am. Hugely caught up in the centerline situation. Trying to close 3/1. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Feb 22 09:17:00 2010 Subject: would you tell you amcrican yacht harbor guy that i want slip c10 for my boat. how arc you. arc you in new york today *t*t*t*t*t*t*t*****t*t*t*t*t*t***t***t*t***t*t*t*t*t*t*t*t* The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.compeeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Mon 2/22/2010 2:19:48 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Done. Yes I am. Hugely caught up in the centerline situation. Trying to close 3/1. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Mon Feb 22 09:17:00 2010 
Subject: 
would you tell you amcrican yacht harbor guy that i want slip c10 for my boat. how arc you. arc 
you in new york today 
*t*t*t*t*t*t*t*****t*t*t*t*t*t***t***t*t***t*t*t*t*t*t*t*t* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation®gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01500213 
EFTA02430325

