# EFTA02355777

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Reichart Sent: Thursdayianuary , 27, 2011 4:08 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Re: If I were to guess, it will be Andrew Hinkes (who they call "Mr. Spock") from Berger Singerman. Since they like running up the bill, it would not surprise me if they had several layers including Charles Lichtman as well. - Reichart On Thu, Jan 27, 2011 at 2:53 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wr=te: > who is taking the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Reichart 
Sent: 
Thursdayianuary
,
 27, 2011 4:08 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: Re: 
If I were to guess, it will be Andrew Hinkes (who they call "Mr. 
Spock") from Berger Singerman. Since they like running up the bill, it would not surprise me if they had several layers 
including Charles Lichtman as well. 
- Reichart 
On Thu, Jan 27, 2011 at 2:53 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wr=te: 
> who is taking the depo? Brad edwards just produced a privlege lo= 
> that only had bate stamp numbers and claimed a blanket privelege. 
> On Thu, Jan 27, 2011 at 11:02 AM, Reichart <reichart@gmail.com> wrote: 
» Thank you, that is a very kind offer. Several friends demand I come 
» stay with them LOL. 
» Judge Ray has ordered my depo for next week (why a judge is ordering 
» it I'm not sure, but this is Kangaroo Florida BK Court, so they do 
» what they want). 
» I actually enjoy depos, it gives me the chance to piss off lawyers. 
» The depo is not my issue, just that I have to stop what I'm working 
» on again, fly to LA, fly from LA to Ft. Lauderdale, etc. Simply 
» silly crap. 
>> 
» They will learn I know nothing. It will be boring. They will be 
» annoyed because there truly is nothing interesting to learn, and they 
» could learn it just as easily by doing this strange 
» thing 
"asking me". 
» - Reichart 
» On Wed, Jan 26, 2011 at 8:03 AM, jeffrey epstein 
» <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
» wrote: 
>» You are welcome to stay at my house 
» > 
>» Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
» > 
>» On Jan 26, 2011, at 4:50 PM, Reichart 
rote: 
»> 
»» I don't have any specific plans to be on the east coast. The BK 
»» co=rt is asking for my depo, although I can do it in California, 
»» and the court just ordered it be done by Feb 4. So I might be in 
EFTA_R1_01339411 
EFTA02355777

» » Florida n=xt week. No sure yet. 
» » 
» » 
» » 
»» On Fri, Jan 21, 2011 at 2:58 AM, Jeffrey Epstein 
» » <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
» >» I tried to picture the governor with a playskool toy„ it did 
» >» help, = told him yes yes i understand your frustration. ( can;t 
» >» stand people )=. 
» >» any 
» >» plans for east coast, mid feb - santa fe. 
» >» The information contained in this communication is confidential, 
» >» may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside 
» >» information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. 
» >» It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, 
» >» disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof 
» >» is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received 
» >» this communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
» >» return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy 
» >» this communication and all copies thereof, including all 
» >» attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
»»> 
»»> 
» » 
» » 
» » 
» » --
»
» » Reichart... 
»> 
» --
» 
» Reichart... 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and 
> is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
> unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please 
> notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
> jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies 
2 
EFTA_R1_01339412 
EFTA02355778

> thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Reichart... 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1296144482</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>5</integer> 
<integer>18</integer> 
</array> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>131111</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01339413 
EFTA02355779

