# EFTA02657722

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Daphne Wallace Sent: Friday, February 24, 2017 7:11 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Cc: Bebe Aydiu Subject: Andrew Farkus (212 - Greetings Sir, Michelle, =C24>Mr. Andrew Farkas' assistant, called the NY office. Mr. Far=as thought that you were going to initiate the quick S to 10 minute phone =eeting scheduled for today between 1 and 1:30 pm. We apologize for t=e confusion. Mr. Farkas is currently not in the

**[WORD]:** From: Daphne Wallace Sent: Friday, February 24, 2017 7:11 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Cc: Bebe Aydiu Subject: Andrew Farkus (212 - Greetings Sir, Michelle, =C24>Mr. Andrew Farkas' assistant, called the NY office. Mr. Far=as thought that you were going to initiate the quick S to 10 minute phone =eeting scheduled for today between 1 and 1:30 pm. We apologize for t=e confusion. Mr. Farkas is currently not in the office, but Michelle says =e should be back if you would

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Daphne Wallace 
Sent: 
Friday, February 24, 2017 7:11 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Cc: 
Bebe Aydiu 
Subject: 
Andrew Farkus (212 - 
Greetings Sir, 
Michelle, =C24>Mr. Andrew Farkas' assistant, called the NY office. Mr. Far=as thought that you were going to initiate 
the quick S to 10 minute phone =eeting scheduled for today between 1 and 1:30 pm. We apologize for t=e confusion. 
Mr. Farkas is currently not in the office, but Michelle says =e should be back if you would like to re-schedule the 5 to 10 
minute phone=meeting with Mr. Farkas for today between 3 and 3:30 pm this afternoon...AO She will initiate the 
phone call if that is what you wish. 
Respectfully=submitted, 
Daphne 
1 
EFTA_R1_01904022 
EFTA02657722

