# EFTA02639096

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, royal

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** Subject: Re: Safe to ignore. Strictly a gadfly. On Tue, Apr 9, 2019 at 11:46 AM J <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: <=div> I am a=former government minister and MP here in Britain. I am presently writing a book about the British royal family and as part of that will be covering the activities of Prince Andrew. <=div> I believe Jeffrey Epstein is or has been your client. I wonder if it might be possible to speak to Mr Epstein about connected matters, either on or off the record. Would it be possible for you to forward this request? Many thanks for any help you are able to give. Yours s=ncerely R= 

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Michael Wolff < 
Sent: 
Tuesday, April 9, 2019 3:52 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Darren Indyke; Steve Bannon 
Subject: 
Re: 
Safe to ignore. Strictly a gadfly. 
On Tue, Apr 9, 2019 at 11:46 AM J <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
<=div> 
I am a=former government minister and MP here in Britain. I am presently writing a book about the British royal 
family and as part of that will be covering the activities of Prince Andrew. 
<=div> 
I believe Jeffrey Epstein is or has been your client. I wonder if it might be possible to speak to Mr Epstein about 
connected matters, either on or off the record. Would it be possible for you to forward this request? 
Many thanks for any help you are able to give. 
Yours s=ncerely 
R= Hon Norman Baker 
=C* please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
c=nstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA_R1_01871254 
EFTA02639096

Unauthorized use, disclosure or co=ying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error =please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01871255 
EFTA02639097

