# EFTA02487214

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|R=:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, September 19, 2015 11:54 AM To: IIIIIIIIIIM Subject: Re: should we visit his set when i return? i ;; ch=ck dates. should be ok for apt <=r> On Sat, Sep 19, 2015 at 7:49 AM, Eva Dubin she has school we are here.. has no sch=ol.... Date: Sat, 19 Sep 2015 07:47:40 -0400 Subject: R=: From: jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> To ism comi=g to new yrok for yom kippur, woody is filim=ng wrote: On Sat, Sep 19, 2015 at 7:46 AM, > wrote: Very very close fri

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, September 19, 2015 11:54 AM 
To: 
IIIIIIIIIIM 
Subject: 
Re: 
should we visit his set when i return? i ;; ch=ck dates. should be ok for apt 
<=r> 
On Sat, Sep 19, 2015 at 7:49 AM, Eva Dubin 
she has school 
we are here.. 
has no sch=ol.... 
Date: Sat, 19 Sep 2015 07:47:40 -0400 
Subject: R=: 
From: jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To 
ism 
comi=g to new yrok for yom kippur, 
woody is filim=ng 
wrote: 
On Sat, Sep 19, 2015 at 7:46 AM, 
> wrote: 
Very very close friends of mine and my parents ( extr=mely clean and trustworthy) need a place to stay 
Oct 28- Nov 3.... 
It w=uld be AMAZING if they could use an apt. They are 3 adults. 
I will call=you later 
=C240 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only =or 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
EFTA_R1_01606612 
EFTA02487214

Unauthoriz=d use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
return e-mail o= by e-mail to j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies =hereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is 
confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If =ou have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail=com> , and 
destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01606613 
EFTA02487215

