# EFTA02436162

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Fri Aug 28 09:05:29 2009|
|Subject|Re: Rumor|

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 8/28/2009 1:06:10 PM Subject: Re: Rumor Such fun. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Fri Aug 28 09:05:29 2009 Subject: Re: Rumor i know all about it.. welcome to campaign time On Fri, Aug 28, 2009 at 8:56 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. wrote: Rumor has it dejongh is in

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 8/28/2009 1:06:10 PM Subject: Re: Rumor Such fun. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Fri Aug 28 09:05:29 2009 Subject: Re: Rumor i know all about it.. welcome to campaign time On Fri, Aug 28, 2009 at 8:56 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. wrote: Rumor has it dejongh is in hot water for allegedly using govt funds for renovating his house. The information contained in this commun

**[WORD]:** jeeyacation@gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 8/28/2009 1:06:10 PM Subject: Re: Rumor Such fun. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Fri Aug 28 09:05:29 2009 Subject: Re: Rumor i know all about it.. welcome to campaign time On Fri, Aug 28, 2009 at 8:56 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. wrote: Rumor has it dejongh is in hot water for allegedly using govt funds for renovating his house. The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Fri 8/28/2009 1:06:10 PM 
Subject: Re: Rumor 
Such fun. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Fri Aug 28 09:05:29 2009 
Subject: Re: Rumor 
i know all about it.. welcome to campaign time 
On Fri, Aug 28, 2009 at 8:56 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
wrote: 
Rumor has it dejongh is in hot water for allegedly using govt funds for renovating his house. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to icevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01508541 
EFTA02436162

