# EFTA02668153

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, November 25, 2016 4:29 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: call me On Fri, Nov 25, 2016 at 10:47 AM, Eva Dubin < <mailto > wrote: Yes! Sent from my iPhone On Nov 25, 2016, at 6:33 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: we should orgnzie a trip for to woods hole =AO ocean exploration please note

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, November 25, 2016 4:29 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: call me On Fri, Nov 25, 2016 at 10:47 AM, Eva Dubin < <mailto > wrote: Yes! Sent from my iPhone On Nov 25, 2016, at 6:33 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: we should orgnzie a trip for to woods hole =AO ocean exploration please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, ma

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, November 25, 2016 4:29 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
call me 
On Fri, Nov 25, 2016 at 10:47 AM, Eva Dubin < 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Yes! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 25, 2016, at 6:33 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: 
we should orgnzie a trip for 
to woods hole =AO ocean exploration 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01920151 
EFTA02668153

The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use 4 the addressee. It is the property of ME Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailtoieevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai..com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01920152 
EFTA02668154

