# EFTA02428414

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>|
|To|Jean Luc Brunela>|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** ides to do more. s very reliable and will get along well with and M, can call her any time and work out all details Odes sa is surprising. I went to the Opera tonight. Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> Date: Sat, 20 Mar 2010 10:35:35 -0400 To: Jean Luc Brunela> Subject: will be in miami, from mar 28 to april 3, i want to arrange a photo shoot. stylist etc. thank you.. are you having fun ************ ******************** ****** ********************* The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey E teinUeevacation@gmail.com]. Petra Pedraza 
Fulle 
From: 
Sent 
Subject: Re: 
Sat 3/20/2010 10:26:16 PM 
Jeff 
Hi 
I have asked 
to or anize a great test that 
could use later on if she decides to do 
more. 
s very reliable and will get along well with 
and M, 
can 
call her any time and work out all details 
Odes sa is surprising. I went to the Opera tonight. 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 20 Mar 2010 10:35:35 -0400 
To: Jean Luc Brunela> 
Subject: 
will be in miami, from mar 28 to april 3, i want to arrange a photo shoot. stylist etc. thank 
you.. are you having fun 
************ ******************** 
****** ********************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@xmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1497882 
EFTA02428414

