# EFTA02416475

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|To|"jeevacation@gmail.com" <jgeyacation@gmail.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject|Furious|

---

**[WORD]:** letter Farkas was going to write to Ed detailing all the promises he (Ed) made. Warm regards, Cecile Sent from my iPhone On Oct 18, 2010, at 11:06 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: I realize you are busy„ can you find out what happened here/ Forwarded messa e From: Farkas, Andrew L. Date: Mon, Oct 18, 2010 at 12:33 PM Subject: Furious To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" <jgeyacation@gmail.com> We have now officially been sidelined again by wico and ed thomas. We are preparing a suit against wico and the government for $500mm for breach and bad faith under the lease. We have fi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey EpsteinDeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Cecile de Jongh 
Sent 
Tue 10/19/2010 8:25:21 AM 
Subject Re: Furious 
OK. 
FYI - John never got a copy of the letter Farkas was going to write to Ed detailing all the 
promises he (Ed) made. 
Warm regards, 
Cecile 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 18, 2010, at 11:06 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I realize you are busy„ can you find out what happened here/ 
 
Forwarded messa e 
From: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Date: Mon, Oct 18, 2010 at 12:33 PM 
Subject: Furious 
To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" <jgeyacation@gmail.com>
We have now officially been sidelined again by wico and ed thomas. We are preparing a 
suit against wico and the government for $500mm for breach and bad faith under 
the lease. We have finished waiting for the fulfillment of false promises. They have 
institutionally and programmatically mislead us, fraudulently induced us and 
damage our investment almost immeasurably. This will have an enormous impact 
on the usvi I am sure, but we have no other recourse. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA_R1_0 1480852 
EFTA02416475

including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1480853 
EFTA02416476

