# EFTA02576092

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, foundation, mit, media lab

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lili Cheng <|
|To|<=span>loi Ito <|
|Sent||
|Subject|intro Joi <> Greg|

---

**[FULL]:** li Cheng < Subject: intro Joi <> Greg Date: October 23, 2017 at 2:41:=2 PM PDT To: <=span>loi Ito < <=>Cc: Greg Martinez Hi Joi,=/u> My good pal =reg Martinez is coming out to MIT Nov 6-10. =/u> Possible for you or someone from the Media=Lab to show him some cool stuff? 4+=A0 He works for Bill Gates @ BGC3 (bill gates compan= 143) This=is where Bill does his investments, projects, and work that crosses his wo=k for MSFT + the foundation. =/u> Anyway, would be great for Media Lab to connect to some=of the cool things with Bill. Greg is also awesome & thanks!<=div> L EFTA_R1_01747975 EFT

**[FULL]:** : intro Joi <> Greg Date: October 23, 2017 at 2:41:=2 PM PDT To: <=span>loi Ito < <=>Cc: Greg Martinez Hi Joi,=/u> My good pal =reg Martinez is coming out to MIT Nov 6-10. =/u> Possible for you or someone from the Media=Lab to show him some cool stuff? 4+=A0 He works for Bill Gates @ BGC3 (bill gates compan= 143) This=is where Bill does his investments, projects, and work that crosses his wo=k for MSFT + the foundation. =/u> Anyway, would be great for Media Lab to connect to some=of the cool things with Bill. Greg is also awesome & thanks!<=div> L EFTA_R1_01747975 EFTA02576092 =C2* pl

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, October 24, 2017 12:20 AM 
To: 
Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
Fwd: intro Joi < > Greg 
 
Forwarded messag= 
From: Joichi Ito < 
> >= 
Date: Mon, Oct 23, 2017 at 5:46 PM 
Subject: Fwd: intro Joi &=t; > Greg 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmak.com» 
Do you know him? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Lili Cheng < 
Subject: intro Joi <> Greg 
Date: October 23, 2017 at 2:41:=2 PM PDT 
To: <=span>loi Ito < 
<=>Cc: Greg Martinez 
Hi Joi,=/u> 
My good pal =reg Martinez is coming out to MIT Nov 6-10. 
=/u> 
Possible for you or someone from the Media=Lab to show him some cool stuff? 
4+=A0 
He works for Bill Gates @ BGC3 (bill gates compan= 143) 
This=is where Bill does his investments, projects, and work that crosses his wo=k for MSFT + the foundation. 
=/u> 
Anyway, would be great for Media Lab to connect to some=of the cool things with Bill. 
Greg is also awesome 
& thanks!<=div> 
L 
EFTA_R1_01747975 
EFTA02576092

=C2* 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only =or 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthoriz=d use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
return e-mail o= by e-mail to j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies =hereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
--001a1137419e0e94de055c3fe858-- conversation-id 26025 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1508804429 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 761829 
2 
EFTA_R1_01747976 
EFTA02576093

