# EFTA00010367 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 17

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, July 3, 202011:05 AM
- **Subject:** Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 15:32:25 +0000 Appreciate it, thank you. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will cal and advise - he can be a little touchy. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM, wrote: Thanks. I think it's fi

### Match 2
> From: To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 15:32:25 +0000 Appreciate it, thank you. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will cal and advise - he can be a little touchy. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM, wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with bout it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reach

### Match 3
> , 2020, at 11:13 AM, wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with bout it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reach out to directly to discuss. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 202011:05 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will try. Can I start with he may be in the best position to get it done? I Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 10:23 AM, Thanks very much for passing this along. The permitted attorney contact on the list below only includes Vogelman without reference to her New York counsel. W

### Match 4
> an speak with on the phone, please? Ideally, we would like to get them added today so that they can speak with their client over the weekend to facilitate our discussions with them about next steps in the case. Thanks, EFTA00010367 From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORSPusms doj goy> Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during

### Match 5
> he case. Thanks, EFTA00010367 From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORSPusms doj goy> Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The following directi

### Match 6
> From: To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 15:32:25 +0000 Appreciate it, thank you. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will cal and advise - he can be a little touchy. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM, wrote: Thanks. I think

### Match 7
> From: To: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Fri, 03 Jul 2020 15:32:25 +0000 Appreciate it, thank you. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 2020 11:21 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will cal and advise - he can be a little touchy. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 11:13 AM, wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with bout it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from If you think it would be ok, I'm happy

### Match 8
> , 2020, at 11:13 AM, wrote: Thanks. I think it's fine to speak with bout it, but my sense is that we would also need USMS approval, based on the email from If you think it would be ok, I'm happy to reach out to directly to discuss. From: Sent: Friday, July 3, 202011:05 AM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell custody I will try. Can I start with he may be in the best position to get it done? I Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2020, at 10:23 AM, Thanks very much for passing this along. The permitted attorney contact on the list below only includes Vogelman without reference to her New York co

### Match 9
> an speak with on the phone, please? Ideally, we would like to get them added today so that they can speak with their client over the weekend to facilitate our discussions with them about next steps in the case. Thanks, EFTA00010367 From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORSPusms doj goy> Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell

### Match 10
> he case. Thanks, EFTA00010367 From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 3:47 PM To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS (USMS)" <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORSPusms doj goy> Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closely monitored. The following
