# EFTA00021720 -- JEAN-LUC BRUNEL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 16

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, January 12, 2021 9:55 AM
- **Subject:** RE: Brunel

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' (USANYS)" To: " CR W,aln (USANYS)" , ' (USANYS)" Cc: ' (CRM)" Subject: RE: Brunel Date: Tue, 12 Jan 2021 15:05:20 +0000 — Can we do 11:30 instead? Sorry about that. From: (CRM) Sent: Tuesday, January 12, 2021 9:55 AM To: (USANYS); (USANYS) , (USANYS) Cc: (CRM) Subject: RE: Brunel Sure, I can do 11am. Let me know what # to call. DOJ Attache/Magistrat de liaison ame

### Match 2
> ' (USANYS)" To: " CR W,aln (USANYS)" , ' (USANYS)" Cc: ' (CRM)" Subject: RE: Brunel Date: Tue, 12 Jan 2021 15:05:20 +0000 — Can we do 11:30 instead? Sorry about that. From: (CRM) Sent: Tuesday, January 12, 2021 9:55 AM To: (USANYS); (USANYS) , (USANYS) Cc: (CRM) Subject: RE: Brunel Sure, I can do 11am. Let me know what # to call. DOJ Attache/Magistrat de liaison americain U.S. Embassy, Paris Ofc. Mob. From: (USANYS) Sent: Tuesday, January 12, 2021 3:36 PM To: (CRM) 'c ); (USANYS) (USANYS) < > Cc: (CRM) Subject: RE: Brunel Thanks very much, Do you have a few

### Match 3
> , (USANYS) Cc: (CRM) Subject: RE: Brunel Sure, I can do 11am. Let me know what # to call. DOJ Attache/Magistrat de liaison americain U.S. Embassy, Paris Ofc. Mob. From: (USANYS) Sent: Tuesday, January 12, 2021 3:36 PM To: (CRM) 'c ); (USANYS) (USANYS) < > Cc: (CRM) Subject: RE: Brunel Thanks very much, Do you have a few minutes to speak today about this? I'm available after 11 am EST. From: (CRM) Sent: Tuesday, January 12, 2021 6:11 AM To: (USANYS) •c > (USANYS) < > Cc: (CRM) Subject: RE: Brunel Here are my comments. DOJ Attache/Magistrat de liaison americain U.S.

### Match 4
> 36 PM To: (CRM) 'c ); (USANYS) (USANYS) < > Cc: (CRM) Subject: RE: Brunel Thanks very much, Do you have a few minutes to speak today about this? I'm available after 11 am EST. From: (CRM) Sent: Tuesday, January 12, 2021 6:11 AM To: (USANYS) •c > (USANYS) < > Cc: (CRM) Subject: RE: Brunel Here are my comments. DOJ Attache/Magistrat de liaison americain U.S. Embassy, Paris Ofc. Mob. (USANYS) From: (-/SANYS)< MI Sent: Friday, January 8, 2021 7:32 PM To: (USANYS) (CRM) Cc: Subject: RE: Brunel Hi (CRM) (USANYS) <la EFTA00021720 Thanks again for the update and all of y

### Match 5
> ary 12, 2021 6:11 AM To: (USANYS) •c > (USANYS) < > Cc: (CRM) Subject: RE: Brunel Here are my comments. DOJ Attache/Magistrat de liaison americain U.S. Embassy, Paris Ofc. Mob. (USANYS) From: (-/SANYS)< MI Sent: Friday, January 8, 2021 7:32 PM To: (USANYS) (CRM) Cc: Subject: RE: Brunel Hi (CRM) (USANYS) <la EFTA00021720 Thanks again for the update and all of your help. Attached please find our MLAT request. Please let us know if you have any questions or would like to discuss. Best, From: (USANYS) Sent: Thursday, January 07, 2021 11:12 PM To: (CRM) < (USANYS) Cc: (

### Match 6
> S) <la EFTA00021720 Thanks again for the update and all of your help. Attached please find our MLAT request. Please let us know if you have any questions or would like to discuss. Best, From: (USANYS) Sent: Thursday, January 07, 2021 11:12 PM To: (CRM) < (USANYS) Cc: (CRM) Subject: RE: Brunel (USANYS) Thank you very much for letting us know. It sounds like this went very well. We are in the process of drafting an MLA request and will get it to you ASAP. I can reach out to the lawyer for the two adult witnesses to inquire about their openness to speaking with the French. Asking the Fr

### Match 7
> ng the French to propose search terms sounds like a good next step as well. Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: (CRM) Sent: Thursday, January 7, 20215:17 PM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) < > Cc: (CRM) < Subject: Brunel Dear all: My meeting on Brunel went well this afternoon. Here is the quick read out: General Points • There are three investigating judges assigned to this case, which is pretty unusual...and suggests its importance for them. • They can hold Brunel for 18 months initially, but with a neutral

### Match 8
> erms sounds like a good next step as well. Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: (CRM) Sent: Thursday, January 7, 20215:17 PM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) < > Cc: (CRM) < Subject: Brunel Dear all: My meeting on Brunel went well this afternoon. Here is the quick read out: General Points • There are three investigating judges assigned to this case, which is pretty unusual...and suggests its importance for them. • They can hold Brunel for 18 months initially, but with a neutral judge's approval, can likely keep

### Match 9
> SANYS) (USANYS) < > Cc: (CRM) < Subject: Brunel Dear all: My meeting on Brunel went well this afternoon. Here is the quick read out: General Points • There are three investigating judges assigned to this case, which is pretty unusual...and suggests its importance for them. • They can hold Brunel for 18 months initially, but with a neutral judge's approval, can likely keep him for up to 3-4 years while the investigation continues. • They did not flag any known critical points in the near future that would result in press coverage...but you never know what will happen (he will likely ask

### Match 10
> ein residences/devices. They are willing to provide search terms, and can work to narrow the range (they are interested to know how to best formulate search terms to take advantage of the platform the records are on (i.e, can they do proximity searches, is facial recognition available to identify Brunel, etc.). The idea was also proposed of potentially doing a more narrow search now, followed by a potentially more expansive search for relevant data after your trial...when the SDNY/FBI bandwith might increase and confidentiality concerns might be less acute. • In addition to the database, they w
