# EFTA02434939

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jean Luc Brunel|
|To|Andrew Nlkou|
|Sent|Thu Oct 29 16:42:16 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation©gmail.com] From: Sent: Sat 10/31/2009 4:37:58 AM Subject: Fw: <no subject> Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Andrew Nikou Date: Fri, 30 Oct 2009 19:46:30 -0700 To: Subject: Re: <no subject> Ok. Sounds good about megan, let me know. Re: LLC or Corp We have our own LLC. I think you and I should talk next week so we can determine how we can move this forward and whether there is a workable solution for the b

**[WORD]:** 30 -0700 To: Subject: Re: <no subject> Ok. Sounds good about megan, let me know. Re: LLC or Corp We have our own LLC. I think you and I should talk next week so we can determine how we can move this forward and whether there is a workable solution for the both of us. Take care and talk soon, Andrew From: Jean Luc Brunel To: Andrew Nlkou Sent: Thu Oct 29 16:42:16 2009 Subject: Hi Andrew Further details on our last conversation. Do you currently have a corp that you would use for the acquisition? , or would you want to form a new Ilc, if the going public option is viable, maybe a corp m

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Sat 10/31/2009 4:37:58 AM 
Subject: Fw: <no subject> 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Andrew Nikou 
Date: Fri, 30 Oct 2009 19:46:30 -0700 
To: 
Subject: Re: <no subject> 
Ok. Sounds good about megan, let me know. 
Re: LLC or Corp 
We have our own LLC. I think you and I should talk next week so we can determine how we can move this 
forward and whether there is a workable solution for the both of us. 
Take care and talk soon, Andrew 
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
To: Andrew Nlkou 
Sent: Thu Oct 29 16:42:16 2009 
Subject: 
Hi Andrew 
Further details on our last conversation. Do you currently have a corp that you 
would use for the acquisition? , or would you want to form a new Ilc, if the going public option is viable, 
maybe a corp makes more sense. ( all the normal add- ons anti) dilution,tag along drag along etc ) - If 
you want to buy other agencies for paper , a higher valuation may be in our interest. , otherwise you 
might consider assuming debt ( lc and irs ) and putting up smaller amount of cash. 1.5-2m. With the 
economic crisis not yet in its springtime. there are many things to buy. 
I shall be back in NY on Thursday and will speak with Megane. I don't know 
her enough to do it on the phone 
Take care 
lean luc 
EFTA_R1_01506760 
EFTA02434939

