# EFTA02433958

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Monday, November 30, 2009 4:22 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.comj From: Dubin. Glenn Sent Mon 11/30/2009 9:29:56 PM Subject RE: ill be there and jim windels from davis polk will be there mike carol is in court that day which he communicated to steve sussman's office. g From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Monday, November 30, 2009 4:22 PM To: Du

**[WORD]:** in. Glenn Sent Mon 11/30/2009 9:29:56 PM Subject RE: ill be there and jim windels from davis polk will be there mike carol is in court that day which he communicated to steve sussman's office. g From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Monday, November 30, 2009 4:22 PM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: the meeting at davis polk was moved to 3 *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.comj 
From: 
Dubin. Glenn 
Sent 
Mon 11/30/2009 9:29:56 PM 
Subject RE: 
ill be there and jim windels from davis polk will be there mike carol is in court that day which he communicated 
to steve sussman's office. g 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, November 30, 2009 4:22 PM 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Subject: 
the meeting at davis polk was moved to 3 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately no* the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01505377 
EFTA02433958

