# EFTA02553209

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Dubin Volunteer -|

---

**[FULL]:** Sent: Monday, April 2, 2012 7:25 Subject: Re: FW: Dubin Volunteer - From: To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com> imaqe001.1pq ok On Mon, Apr 2, 2012 at 3:14 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationgsmail.com> wrote: ask to help with the CV Forwarded messa e From: Eva Dubin Date: Mon, Apr 2, 2012 at 3:06 PM Subject: FW: Dubin Volunteer - To: Jeffrey <jeevaCation@sinail.com> From: To: CC: Subject: Dubin Volunteer - Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:27 -1-0000 Dear Cynthia: To follow up our conversation, is an Dr. Dubin would like to have volunteer at the Dubin Ce

**[WORD]:** Sent: Monday, April 2, 2012 7:25 Subject: Re: FW: Dubin Volunteer - From: To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com> imaqe001.1pq ok On Mon, Apr 2, 2012 at 3:14 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationgsmail.com> wrote: ask to help with the CV Forwarded messa e From: Eva Dubin Date: Mon, Apr 2, 2012 at 3:06 PM Subject: FW: Dubin Volunteer - To: J

**[WORD]:** Subject: Re: FW: Dubin Volunteer - From: To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com> imaqe001.1pq ok On Mon, Apr 2, 2012 at 3:14 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationgsmail.com> wrote: ask to help with the CV Forwarded messa e From: Eva Dubin Date: Mon, Apr 2, 2012 at 3:06 PM Subject: FW: Dubin Volunteer - To: Jeffrey <jeevaCation@sinail.com> From: To: CC: Subject: Dubin Volunteer - Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:27 -1-0000 Dear Cynthia: To follow up our conversation, is an Dr. Dubin would like to have volunteer at the Dubin Center until the summer. Based on my conversation with Dr

**[WORD]:** l.com> imaqe001.1pq ok On Mon, Apr 2, 2012 at 3:14 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationgsmail.com> wrote: ask to help with the CV Forwarded messa e From: Eva Dubin Date: Mon, Apr 2, 2012 at 3:06 PM Subject: FW: Dubin Volunteer - To: Jeffrey <jeevaCation@sinail.com> From: To: CC: Subject: Dubin Volunteer - Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:27 -1-0000 Dear Cynthia: To follow up our conversation, is an Dr. Dubin would like to have volunteer at the Dubin Center until the summer. Based on my conversation with Dr. Dubin, activity will consist of maintaining the reception area (such as stockin

**[WORD]:** p with the CV Forwarded messa e From: Eva Dubin Date: Mon, Apr 2, 2012 at 3:06 PM Subject: FW: Dubin Volunteer - To: Jeffrey <jeevaCation@sinail.com> From: To: CC: Subject: Dubin Volunteer - Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:27 -1-0000 Dear Cynthia: To follow up our conversation, is an Dr. Dubin would like to have volunteer at the Dubin Center until the summer. Based on my conversation with Dr. Dubin, activity will consist of maintaining the reception area (such as stocking fruit, about 3.4 hours a day). She is not permitted to engage in any clinical or research activity. I have also at

**[WORD]:** va Dubin Date: Mon, Apr 2, 2012 at 3:06 PM Subject: FW: Dubin Volunteer - To: Jeffrey <jeevaCation@sinail.com> From: To: CC: Subject: Dubin Volunteer - Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:27 -1-0000 Dear Cynthia: To follow up our conversation, is an Dr. Dubin would like to have volunteer at the Dubin Center until the summer. Based on my conversation with Dr. Dubin, activity will consist of maintaining the reception area (such as stocking fruit, about 3.4 hours a day). She is not permitted to engage in any clinical or research activity. I have also attached the DBC volunteer manual for your r

**[WORD]:** olunteer - To: Jeffrey <jeevaCation@sinail.com> From: To: CC: Subject: Dubin Volunteer - Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:27 -1-0000 Dear Cynthia: To follow up our conversation, is an Dr. Dubin would like to have volunteer at the Dubin Center until the summer. Based on my conversation with Dr. Dubin, activity will consist of maintaining the reception area (such as stocking fruit, about 3.4 hours a day). She is not permitted to engage in any clinical or research activity. I have also attached the DBC volunteer manual for your reference. , based on our conversation today, you are enrolled in

**[WORD]:** t me know if you have any questions. Best, Hamel Hamel Vyas, Esquire Director, International Personnel Human Resources Boxes (fax) HOW MAY WE HELP YOU? From: Caridi, Raina EFTA_R1_01710175 EFTA02553210 Sent: Tuesday, March 27, 2012 3:27 PM To: Vyas, Hamel Cc: Bellino, Melissa Subject: Dubin Volunteer Manual Hamel: Please see attached for the Dubin Breast Center volunteer manual. Thank you Raina Caridi Practice Supervisor *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged

**[WORD]:** as, Esquire Director, International Personnel Human Resources Boxes (fax) HOW MAY WE HELP YOU? From: Caridi, Raina EFTA_R1_01710175 EFTA02553210 Sent: Tuesday, March 27, 2012 3:27 PM To: Vyas, Hamel Cc: Bellino, Melissa Subject: Dubin Volunteer Manual Hamel: Please see attached for the Dubin Breast Center volunteer manual. Thank you Raina Caridi Practice Supervisor *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only f

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

Sent: 
Monday, April 2, 2012 7:25 
Subject: Re: FW: Dubin Volunteer -
From: 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation©gmail.com> 
imaqe001.1pq 
ok 
On Mon, Apr 2, 2012 at 3:14 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacationgsmail.com> wrote: 
ask 
to help with the CV 
 
Forwarded messa e 
From: Eva Dubin 
Date: Mon, Apr 2, 2012 at 3:06 PM 
Subject: FW: Dubin Volunteer - 
To: Jeffrey <jeevaCation@sinail.com>
From: 
To: 
CC: 
Subject: Dubin Volunteer - 
Date: Mon, 2 Apr 2012 18:35:27 -1-0000 
Dear Cynthia: 
To follow up our conversation, 
is an 
Dr. Dubin would like to have 
volunteer at the Dubin Center until the summer. Based on my conversation with Dr. Dubin, 
activity will consist of maintaining the reception area (such as stocking fruit, about 3.4 hours a day). 
She is not permitted to engage in any clinical or research activity. I have also attached the DBC 
volunteer manual for your reference. 
, based on our conversation today, you are enrolled in an English language school and you plan 
on enrolling in an undergraduate program in the near future. 
You indicated that your current 1-20 expires at the end of this month and that you plan on extending it. 
We can permit you to volunteer up to 3 months time up to 4 hours a day. Since you are enrolled in 
an English language school, you must be sure to fulfill the time requirements of your course of study. 
EFTA_R1_01710174 
EFTA02553209

I will need you to either scan or fax the following: 
CV in Word (this you can email); 
1-94 Arrival/Departure card; 
Valid 1-20 as well as the extension once you have received it; 
Copy of F-1 visa in your passport; and 
Copy of biographic passport page. 
Ms. Levy in Volunteer Services will coordinate your clearances. Once you are cleared, they will request 
an ID balayour behalf and you are authorized to volunteer for 3 months from that date. 
Cynthia, 
may be reached at 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Best, 
Hamel 
Hamel Vyas, Esquire 
Director, International Personnel 
Human Resources Boxes 
(fax) 
HOW MAY WE HELP YOU? 
From: Caridi, Raina 
EFTA_R1_01710175 
EFTA02553210

Sent: Tuesday, March 27, 2012 3:27 PM 
To: Vyas, Hamel 
Cc: Bellino, Melissa 
Subject: Dubin Volunteer Manual 
Hamel: 
Please see attached for the Dubin Breast Center volunteer manual. 
Thank you 
Raina Caridi 
Practice Supervisor 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_01710176 
EFTA02553211

communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01710177 
EFTA02553212

