# EFTA02506080

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, April 5, 2015 3:42 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: call me On Sun, Apr 5, 2015 at 11:24 AM, Eva Dubin■ Do you know anyone flying back today?? Sent from my i=hone On Apr 5, 2015, at 11:02 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com&g=; wrote: > wrote: no,=C2* i will stay unitl 7 am tomrow wheeels up On Sun, Apr 5, 2015 at 10:5= AM,

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, April 5, 2015 3:42 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: call me On Sun, Apr 5, 2015 at 11:24 AM, Eva Dubin■ Do you know anyone flying back today?? Sent from my i=hone On Apr 5, 2015, at 11:02 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com&g=; wrote: > wrote: no,=C2* i will stay unitl 7 am tomrow wheeels up On Sun, Apr 5, 2015 at 10:5= AM, Eva Dubin Are you leaving today? What time? Sent from my iPhone

**[FULL]:** Subject: Re: call me On Sun, Apr 5, 2015 at 11:24 AM, Eva Dubin■ Do you know anyone flying back today?? Sent from my i=hone On Apr 5, 2015, at 11:02 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com&g=; wrote: > wrote: no,=C2* i will stay unitl 7 am tomrow wheeels up On Sun, Apr 5, 2015 at 10:5= AM, Eva Dubin Are you leaving today? What time? Sent from my iPhone =C240 please note The informat=on contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only =or the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unau

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, April 5, 2015 3:42 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
call me 
On Sun, Apr 5, 2015 at 11:24 AM, Eva Dubin■ 
Do you know anyone flying back today?? 
Sent from my i=hone 
On Apr 5, 2015, at 11:02 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com&g=; wrote: 
> wrote: 
no,=C2* i will stay unitl 7 am tomrow wheeels up 
On Sun, Apr 5, 2015 at 10:5= AM, Eva Dubin 
Are you leaving today? 
What time? 
Sent from my iPhone 
=C240 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only =or 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthoriz=d use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
wrote: 
return e-mail o= by e-mail to j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies =hereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01636193 
EFTA02506080

</=iv> 
=C24> please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
c=nstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or co=ying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01636194 
EFTA02506081

