# EFTA02367447

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Glenn Dubin Sent: Friday, March , 1 1 : M To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: I have zero insight as to what's going on with Briger. What is supposed to =appen with Zwirn/Corbin? I can ask Corbin. I'm glad to hear you got 7 mil= I have gotten a donut. On Mar 21, 2013, at 8:00 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jee

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Glenn Dubin 
Sent: 
Friday, March 
, 1 1 : 
M 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
I have zero insight as to what's going on with Briger. What is supposed to =appen with Zwirn/Corbin? I can ask Corbin. 
I'm glad to hear you got 7 mil= I have gotten a donut. 
On Mar 21, 2013, at 8:00 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com<mailt=:jeevacation@gmailcom» wrote: 
I will see it on april 6th, on another note, can you give me some insig=t into zwirn corbin, I have gotten only 7 million 
so far from brigger, an= zero from zwirn. I donut think he will be admitted to the hasty pudding 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com<mailtoleevacation@gmai=scom>, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It m=y contain confidential information. If you 
are not the intended recipient =ou are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of =his e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have recei=ed this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by 
replying =o this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your syste=. Thank you. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<pl ist version=.0"> 
alict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1363911734</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8623750145</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap:Meevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>284351</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01365432 
EFTA02367447

