# EFTA02446381

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** from the likes of BIa=kRock and others but I thought you might have some ideas. Maybe some peopl= to talk to? I would think its more than cuttin= down on yachts and private planes or selling real estate in Paris, Istanb=l, London. Any thoughts? PS: does my story on Abraaj get me a meeting with Gates =ext time he is in town:) Landon Thomas, Jr. Financial Reporter New York Times<=font> http://topics.nytimes.com/top/t/landonjr_thomas/index.html EFTA_R1_01542903 EFTA02446381 =AO please note The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, October 18, 2016 11:05 AM 
To: 
Thomas Jr., Landon 
Subject: 
Re: Saudi money 
words that you to refer to one thing, =AO USA . the stock market / the Royal family, . =AO are no longer very useful. 
In politics =AO the USA meant the white house. now there =s pentagon. cia, state, and congress in addition, each 
feels e=powered to act more independantly. 
stock mar=et even in tech, needs bio tech, consuner te=h. 
infrastrucrue tech. etc. same with =oyal family, there are 20k members of a tribe. =AO called the royal family, the 
words are misleading. =AO if your article is focused on bin salman, =or the very top. no one is wondering where they 
can find=the local costco.. 
but they are aware that a=message needs to be sent to their population , regarding the 
next 20 years= 
social media, and th= selfie crowds post the best of everything, their cutest=pictures the amazing food , the luxury 
resorts. =AO the masses see these things and as the di=ference between expectations and reality widen, the ange= 
grows. 
trump has tapped in. =A0 
with the passage of the 9 11 saudi bill, =C2 unlike the french revolution where it was the people of france=that 
revolted against their own aristocracty, with the interne= and globalization of discontect it is now the americans that 
can re=olt against the saudi leadership. 
it i= the americans that are demanding women drive. not the s=udis 
O= Mon, Oct 17, 2016 at 5:57 PM, Thomas Jr., Landon < 
wrote: 
I have been called in to help on a big NYT investigation into how low o=l prices have been effecting the personal 
finances of royal family in Saud= Arabia. Obviously they called in much of their cash from the likes of BIa=kRock and 
others but I thought you might have some ideas. Maybe some peopl= to talk to? 
I would think its more than cuttin= down on yachts and private planes or selling real estate in Paris, Istanb=l, 
London. 
Any thoughts? 
PS: does my story on Abraaj get me a meeting with Gates =ext time he is in town:) 
Landon Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Reporter 
New York Times<=font> 
http://topics.nytimes.com/top/t/landonjr_thomas/index.html 
EFTA_R1_01542903 
EFTA02446381

=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01542904 
EFTA02446382

