# EFTA02373631

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Jeffrey epstein <jeevacatio=@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Mukamal, Thomas Sent: Monday, November 16, 2015 6:25 PM To: Jeffrey E. Cc: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: Fwd: Thanks. I will look at expanding the re decking. We are closing =n on loan terms now which, if successful, will allow us to take a more hol=stic approach to fixing the place up. Tom Mukamal Island Global Yachting Ltd 717 5th Avenue lath Floor New York, New York 10022 O

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Mukamal, Thomas 
Sent: 
Monday, November 16, 2015 6:25 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Cc: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
Re: Fwd: 
Thanks. I will look at expanding the re decking. We are closing =n on loan terms now which, if successful, will allow us to 
take a more hol=stic approach to fixing the place up. 
Tom Mukamal 
Island Global Yachting Ltd 
717 5th Avenue lath Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
On Nov 16, 2015, at 6:06 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: 
 
Forwarded message 
From: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey epstein <jeevacatio=@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
EFTA_R1_01379699 
EFTA02373631

disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<IMG_2400JPG> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01379700 
EFTA02373632

