# EFTA02414078

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Sat Dec 04 22:26:41 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmail.comfjeeyacation©gmail.corn] From: Peggy Siegal Sent Sun 12/5/2010 3:40:02 AM Subject: The King's Speech Title: The King's Speech Jeffrey- what did you think? What did Andrew think? Did you like it? Please respond... — Original Message — From: Peggy Siegal To: ijeevacation@gmail.coms <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sat Dec 04 22:28:09 2010 Subject: Re: What!!! So??? What did you both think??? P — Original Message — From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To:

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.comfjeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Sun 12/5/2010 3:40:02 AM 
Subject: The King's Speech 
Title: The King's Speech 
Jeffrey- what did you think? What did Andrew think? Did you like it? Please respond... 
— Original Message — 
From: Peggy Siegal 
To: ijeevacation@gmail.coms <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sat Dec 04 22:28:09 2010 
Subject: Re: 
What!!! So??? What did you both think??? P 
— Original Message —
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Sat Dec 04 22:26:41 2010 
Subject: 
we watched the movie. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential. may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jftvacation@smail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01476870 
EFTA02414078

