# EFTA02432042

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Lyndon Lea"|
|To|Lyndon Lea|
|Sent|Mon Jan 18 21:56:18 2010|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** 10 Subject: Re: Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: "Lyndon Lea" Date: Mon, 18 Jan 2010 20:31:46 -0000 To: Jean Luc. Jeffrey mentioned to me a dinner on Thurs at Cipriani. Do you have a cell number that I can call you on? Lyndon EFTA_R1_01502599 EFTA02432042 From: Jeffrey Epstel To: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Sat Jan 16 23:18:22 2010 Subject: "Lyndon Lea" om> ; Lyndon Lea *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject 
Fw: 
Jeffrey EpstemueeprojectOyahoo.comi 
Tue 1/19/2010 12:49:42 AM 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: 
Date: Tue, 19 Jan 2010 00:49:10 +0000 
To: Lyndon Lea 
Subject: Re: 
If you cannot Thursday (only 10-15 girls. I give another party in Miami 29th (30_40 girls). You 
Still have another option 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: "Lyndon Lea" 
Date: Tue 19 Jan 2011111.1. 
To: 
Subject: e: 
Jeffrey told me that you were a great person and that we should have diner together. if it is ok 
with you. Thursday is good for me. You can reach me + 
Jean luc 
Sounds good. I'll call tomorrow. Not 100% clear on my whereabouts Thurs but I'm trying to make it back to 
NYC. 
From 
To: Lyndon Lea 
Sent: Mon Jan 18 21:56:18 2010 
Subject: Re: 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: "Lyndon Lea" 
Date: Mon, 18 Jan 2010 20:31:46 -0000 
To: 
Jean Luc. 
Jeffrey mentioned to me a dinner on Thurs at Cipriani. Do you have a cell number that I can call you on? 
Lyndon 
EFTA_R1_01502599 
EFTA02432042

From: Jeffrey Epstel 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: Sat Jan 16 23:18:22 2010 
Subject: 
"Lyndon Lea" 
om> 
; Lyndon Lea 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential, subject to copyright, and are intended 
solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you are not the 
intended recipient you are advised that any use, review, dissemination, distribution or 
reproduction of the information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received 
this document in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy the message. 
No liability is accepted for any errors, omissions, interceptions, corrupted mail, lost 
communications or late delivery arising as a result of receiving this message via the Internet or for 
any virus that may be contained in it. 
Lion Capital LLP is a limited liability partnership which is authorised and regulated by the 
Financial Services Authority and registered in England under number OC30826 I . 
This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential, subject to copyright, and are intended 
solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you are not the 
intended recipient you are advised that any use, review, dissemination, distribution or 
reproduction of the information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received 
this document in error, please notify the sender immediately and destroy the message. 
No liability is accepted for any errors, omissions, interceptions, corrupted mail, lost 
communications or late delivery arising as a result of receiving this message via the Internet or for 
EFTA_R1_01502600 
EFTA02432043

any virus that may be contained in it. 
Lion Capital LLP is a limited liability partnership which is authorised and regulated by the 
Financial Services Authority and registered in England under number OO308261. 
EFTA_R1_01 502601 
EFTA02432044

