# EFTA00021933 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, July 24, 2020 5:44 PM
- **Subject:** Re: Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: Subject: Re: Maxwell Date: Fri, 24 Jul 2020 22:10:11 +0000 Yes. I told him he's need to get legal advice from his general counsel (or whoever), I appealed to him more on the ethics side of it. And told him about the secrecy of grand juries, which he was fuzzy on. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 24, 2020, at 6:08 PM, w

### Match 2
> uries, which he was fuzzy on. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 24, 2020, at 6:08 PM, wrote: This sounds like he's trying to get protection from legal liability or legal advice he should be getting from counsel, not us, doesn't it? From: Sent: Friday, July 24, 2020 5:44 PM To: Cc: Subject: Fwd: Maxwell In the meantime, I just noticed that he responded with this. Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 24 2020 at 3:46:31 PM EDT To: Subject: Re: Maxwell Many thanksl i. Can you please let me know if there is a specific legal barrier to me naming any of the alleged victi

### Match 3
> ld be getting from counsel, not us, doesn't it? From: Sent: Friday, July 24, 2020 5:44 PM To: Cc: Subject: Fwd: Maxwell In the meantime, I just noticed that he responded with this. Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 24 2020 at 3:46:31 PM EDT To: Subject: Re: Maxwell Many thanksl i. Can you please let me know if there is a specific legal barrier to me naming any of the alleged victims given that (a) they are no longer minors and (b) that at least two of them have waived anonymity in the past to speak out as survivors of Epstein's abuse? Best EFTA00021933
