# EFTA00015951 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 14

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, July 10, 2020 10:34
- **Subject:** Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509)

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Cc: "I )" Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Date: Sat, 11 Jul 2020 21:17:01 +0000 '1 We just were contacted by defense counsel, who said they didn't have a call with their client this morning — I think they expected that the morning calls up until her arraignment on Tuesday would include the weekend. Is it possible t

### Match 2
> r arraignment on Tuesday would include the weekend. Is it possible to reinstitute the call for tomorrow at 10:00, as well as on Monday? Thanks very much, and sorry for the late notice — we just heard from them a moment ago. thanks, From: Sent: Friday, July 10, 2020 10:34 To: Cc: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Great — thank you again! (I told defense counsel that I would ask, but also just to give it a few minutes ...) Sent from my iPhone On Jul 10, 2020, at 10:30, c > wrote: I've been informed she is on the phone.... >>>"I 7/10/2020 10:26 AM >>> Defense counsel for Maxwell co

### Match 3
> day. In addition, because defense counsel his having difficulty scheduling legal calls, it would be helpful if MDC could schedule standing calls for the rest of this week to address this issue. Thanks very much. From: Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 2:36 PM To: EFTA00015952 Cc: I < Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Hi =, I just saw this now. Is this about the legal call issue or something separate? If its about the legal call, I am working on it. Thanks, >» " " < > 7/7/2020 1:27 PM >> > Hi Thanks for your help with this. Are you available now for a call? We are having a time sensi

### Match 4
> at she just came into custody today and there is a more urgent deadline. If you can please provide the name and phone number of counsel, I will do my best. Thanks, Sent from my Venzon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone Original message From: " Date: 7 6 20 7:48 PM GMT-05:00 To: Cc: >, Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) > » " " 07/06/2020 19:48 > » Hi Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been a

### Match 5
> hanks, Sent from my Venzon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone Original message From: " Date: 7 6 20 7:48 PM GMT-05:00 To: Cc: >, Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) > » " " 07/06/2020 19:48 > » Hi Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been able to reach her. Would it be possible to allow Ms. Maxwell to make a legal call to her lawyers this evening, please? Thank you very much for your help. Ass

### Match 6
> From: To: Cc: "I )" Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Date: Sat, 11 Jul 2020 21:17:01 +0000 '1 We just were contacted by defense counsel, who said they didn't have a call with their client this morning — I think they expected that the morning calls up until her arraignment on Tuesday would include the weekend. Is it po

### Match 7
> r arraignment on Tuesday would include the weekend. Is it possible to reinstitute the call for tomorrow at 10:00, as well as on Monday? Thanks very much, and sorry for the late notice — we just heard from them a moment ago. thanks, From: Sent: Friday, July 10, 2020 10:34 To: Cc: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Great — thank you again! (I told defense counsel that I would ask, but also just to give it a few minutes ...) Sent from my iPhone On Jul 10, 2020, at 10:30, c > wrote: I've been informed she is on the phone.... >>>"I 7/10/2020 10:26 AM >>> Defense counsel for Ma

### Match 8
> day. In addition, because defense counsel his having difficulty scheduling legal calls, it would be helpful if MDC could schedule standing calls for the rest of this week to address this issue. Thanks very much. From: Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 2:36 PM To: EFTA00015952 Cc: I < Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Hi =, I just saw this now. Is this about the legal call issue or something separate? If its about the legal call, I am working on it. Thanks, >» " " < > 7/7/2020 1:27 PM >> > Hi Thanks for your help with this. Are you available now for a call? We are having a ti

### Match 9
> at she just came into custody today and there is a more urgent deadline. If you can please provide the name and phone number of counsel, I will do my best. Thanks, Sent from my Venzon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone Original message From: " Date: 7 6 20 7:48 PM GMT-05:00 To: Cc: >, Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) > » " " 07/06/2020 19:48 > » Hi Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have no

### Match 10
> hanks, Sent from my Venzon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone Original message From: " Date: 7 6 20 7:48 PM GMT-05:00 To: Cc: >, Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) > » " " 07/06/2020 19:48 > » Hi Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been able to reach her. Would it be possible to allow Ms. Maxwell to make a legal call to her lawyers this evening, please? Thank you very much for your he
