# EFTA00022654 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 22

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> They are paid $200.00 per day for htis service. It is unclear what is occurring in the residence, however, contact information for PBAC students was provided. Follow-up will be initiated as soon as possible. 10/13/03 File 300-13 Det. On 12/10/01, information was passed on from Sgt. regarding Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein of 358 El Brillo Way. A West Palm Beach intelligence report read as follows: "Three female college students from PBAC ( were approached by an English woman who identified herself as Maxwell, on the Palm Beach Atlantic Campus. Maxwell said she needed young, beautiful unmar

### Match 2
> M age D0-13/26 - (-mop, INTEL REPO I Gni No Photo Available 358 EL BRILLO WAY PALM BEACH, FL 33480 Associates Import From Persons Unknown Girlfriend Media Maxwell, Ghislaine W/F W/F 12/25/1961 EPSTEIN 175 Notes IMAGE EPSTEIN_175.JPG See Drug Trak Case 12002-10 See associate Ghislaine Maxwell 03-11-04 File I 2600 Det. On 03-05-04, completed an Intel regarding a WF last na unknown, who was giving a message to Jeffery Epstein at 358 El Brillo. stated that several times Epstien asked her to take off her top or her pants. She refused. contacted the police department later that day

### Match 3
> ence from Armani Exchange addressed to "Jeffrey E. Epstein" notepaper with L , a important message notepaper addressed to J.E dated 03/29/05 at 8:15 p.m. reference U.S Airways boarding pass copy for passenger, , Montgomery County, Maryland Health Department food service ID N0,40820 for and Ghislaine Maxwell notepaper with names and phone numbers. P otocopies of the trash collected were attached with the supplement. March 31, 2005, at 3:00 p.m., I set up a surveillance vehicle equipped with a video monitoring device. The surveillance vehicle was parked approximately fifty feet east of Epstein's dri

### Match 4
> They are paid $200.00 per day for htis service. It is unclear what is occurring in the residence, however, contact information for PBAC students was provided. Follow-up will be initiated as soon as possible. 10/13/03 File 300-13 Det. On 12/10/01, information was passed on from Sgt. regarding Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein of 358 El Brillo Way. A West Palm Beach intelligence report read as follows: "Three female college students from PBAC ( were approached by an English woman who identified herself as Maxwell, on the Palm Beach Atlantic Campus. Maxwell said she needed young, beautif

### Match 5
> es on 03/29/05. Several ownership address were listed for Epstein including 358 El Brillo Way, Palm Beach, 457 Madision Ave, New York, NY, and numerous vehicle and watercraft ownerships. In addition, many UCC filings were recorded. Finally, associations were listed with the following companies: Ghislaine Corp (Inactive); Har Adom, Limited (CO-Active); L.A.W. Plantation Management (GA-Active); Nine East 71st street Corp. (NY-Active); RHC Licensing Corp (TX-Dead); and the other two Florida inactive corporations. A check of license Maxwell Ghislaine Noelle Maxwell, DOB , revealed a valid florid

### Match 6
> ons were listed with the following companies: Ghislaine Corp (Inactive); Har Adom, Limited (CO-Active); L.A.W. Plantation Management (GA-Active); Nine East 71st street Corp. (NY-Active); RHC Licensing Corp (TX-Dead); and the other two Florida inactive corporations. A check of license Maxwell Ghislaine Noelle Maxwell, DOB , revealed a valid florida driver ), with no criminal history. An Accurint check on revealed numerous vehicles, with nothing additional. On 1/28/02, trash pulls were initiated on this case, and conducted intermittently through 4/16/02. Numerous intelligence items were dis

### Match 7
> oing lines to the address 358 El Brillo Way. On 02/13/02, the above referenced subpoena was received from the SAO and was served on Bell South via fax. On 02/12/02, an inquiry into corporations on line revealed Jeffrey E. Epstein related to three Florida entities: Financial Strategy Group, Inc; Ghislaine Corp; Financial Trustees, Inc. None of the aforementioned entities are active. On 02/22/02, I received information from Bell South which revealed the following telephone lines are installed at 358 El Brillo Way: Under name G. Maxwell Jeffrey Epstein Main house line All above lines are conside

### Match 8
> r a n I 0 I II CAUCASIAN pv,,,m Lyn kink %V% BI Naar (a) II ad. Nan rinplina I Mira Mr r- Addresses ra M age D0-13/26 - (-mop, INTEL REPO I Gni No Photo Available 358 EL BRILLO WAY PALM BEACH, FL 33480 Associates Import From Persons Unknown Girlfriend Media Maxwell, Ghislaine W/F W/F 12/25/1961 EPSTEIN 175 Notes IMAGE EPSTEIN_175.JPG See Drug Trak Case 12002-10 See associate Ghislaine Maxwell 03-11-04 File I 2600 Det. On 03-05-04, completed an Intel regarding a WF last na unknown, who was giving a message to Jeffery Epstein at 358 El Brillo. stated that

### Match 9
> M age D0-13/26 - (-mop, INTEL REPO I Gni No Photo Available 358 EL BRILLO WAY PALM BEACH, FL 33480 Associates Import From Persons Unknown Girlfriend Media Maxwell, Ghislaine W/F W/F 12/25/1961 EPSTEIN 175 Notes IMAGE EPSTEIN_175.JPG See Drug Trak Case 12002-10 See associate Ghislaine Maxwell 03-11-04 File I 2600 Det. On 03-05-04, completed an Intel regarding a WF last na unknown, who was giving a message to Jeffery Epstein at 358 El Brillo. stated that several times Epstien asked her to take off her top or her pants. She refused. contacted the police department later

### Match 10
> ence from Armani Exchange addressed to "Jeffrey E. Epstein" notepaper with L , a important message notepaper addressed to J.E dated 03/29/05 at 8:15 p.m. reference U.S Airways boarding pass copy for passenger, , Montgomery County, Maryland Health Department food service ID N0,40820 for and Ghislaine Maxwell notepaper with names and phone numbers. P otocopies of the trash collected were attached with the supplement. March 31, 2005, at 3:00 p.m., I set up a surveillance vehicle equipped with a video monitoring device. The surveillance vehicle was parked approximately fifty feet east of Epste
