# EFTA02683107

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5"|
|To|=/b>"Richard Kahn|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>Wire =nstructions/IPO Certification|

---

**[WORD]:** count Attachments: IPODoc.pdf; Untitled attachment 00168.htm MS account was opened today Please confirm =ire of 5,000,000 to open account Thank =ou Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 tel fax cel Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5" To: =/b>"Richard Kahn Subject: =/b>Wire =nstructions/IPO Certification Date: =/b>April 10, 2015 at 4:41:44 PM =DT Rich- Here are the wire =nstructions and I've attached the IPO certification document to =e signed and sent back. Will allow us to partake in new =ssues. EFTA_R1_01999119 EFTA0

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Friday, April 10, 2015 8:44 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Morgan Stanley Account 
Attachments: 
IPODoc.pdf; Untitled attachment 00168.htm 
MS account was opened today 
Please confirm =ire of 5,000,000 to open account Thank =ou 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5"
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn 
Subject: =/b>Wire =nstructions/IPO Certification 
Date: =/b>April 10, 2015 at 4:41:44 PM =DT 
Rich-
Here are the wire =nstructions and I've attached the IPO certification document to =e signed and sent back. Will 
allow us to partake in new =ssues. 
EFTA_R1_01999119 
EFTA02683107

Also to fulfill the =atriot Act requirement Morgan Stanley needs just one of the =ollowing: 
•Certified =rticles of Incorporation (or State equivalent) 
•Certificate of Formation / =xistence from the State 
•Certificate of Good Standing from the State =0:p class="5 
•Certificate of =ncorporation 
•Memorandum and Articles of Association 
•State Issued =usiness License 
Looking forward to =t! 
All the best, 
Andrew 
2 
EFTA_R1_01999120 
EFTA02683108

Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any =ecurity or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this .-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
=eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, =o the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is subject to terms 
available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If you cannot access 
this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley 
you consent to =he foregoing. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01999121 
EFTA02683109

