# EFTA02413457

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmall.com>|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Tue Jun 01 19:45:33 2010|
|Subject|Re: Tomorrow|

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacationeNmail.comijeeyacation@gmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Tue 6/1/2010 11:58:25 PM Subject: Re: Tomorrow He said he's " crushed" tomorrow...starts w a meeting in his office at 7:45.. ends in Boston. He could do a meeting in his office. a call any time. or try a coffee next week. G From: Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmall.com> To: Dubin,

**[WORD]:** Dubin, Glenn Sent Tue 6/1/2010 11:58:25 PM Subject: Re: Tomorrow He said he's " crushed" tomorrow...starts w a meeting in his office at 7:45.. ends in Boston. He could do a meeting in his office. a call any time. or try a coffee next week. G From: Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmall.com> To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Tue Jun 01 19:45:33 2010 Subject: Re: Tomorrow i will be in new york , I know he'd prefer a call, but if you want we can all have breakfast at the house. we don't even have to talk about zwim On Tue, Jun 1, 2010 at 7:29 PM, Dubin, Glenn wrote: Arc you around for a call with Pete

**[WORD]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmall.com> To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Tue Jun 01 19:45:33 2010 Subject: Re: Tomorrow i will be in new york , I know he'd prefer a call, but if you want we can all have breakfast at the house. we don't even have to talk about zwim On Tue, Jun 1, 2010 at 7:29 PM, Dubin, Glenn wrote: Arc you around for a call with Pete briger tomorrow? What time(s) are best? This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distri

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacationeNmail.comijeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent 
Tue 6/1/2010 11:58:25 PM 
Subject: Re: Tomorrow 
He said he's " crushed" tomorrow...starts w a meeting in his office at 7:45.. ends in Boston. He could do a 
meeting in his office. a call any time. or try a coffee next week. G 
From: Jeffrey Epstein cjeevacation@gmall.com> 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: Tue Jun 01 19:45:33 2010 
Subject: Re: Tomorrow 
i will be in new york , I know he'd prefer a call, but if you want we can all have breakfast at the 
house. we don't even have to talk about zwim 
On Tue, Jun 1, 2010 at 7:29 PM, Dubin, Glenn 
wrote: 
Arc you around for a call with Pete briger tomorrow? What time(s) are best? 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain 
confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by 
replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank 
you. 
********* 
*********** 
*************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01475975 
EFTA02413457

This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain 
confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you arc hereby notified that any 
dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. 
If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this 
e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01475976 
EFTA02413458

