# EFTA02646011

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Fortress VRF Investor Rela=ions|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC - D=stribution|

---

**[FULL]:** ment of Economic=Interest Agreement dated as of August 1, 2011 between Glenn Dubin and Jeep=rs, Inc., the amount will be distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance wi=h its wire instructions on file with the Fund. <=iv style="margin:Oin 0in 0.0001ptfont-size:11ptfont-family:Calibri,san=-serif"> Glenn Dubin: $46,853.96 wired to Jeepers Inc., Bank o= New York =span style="font-size:lOpt;font-family:Arial,sans-serir>Please contact =elissa Cullen at (212) 478-4065 <tel:(212)%20478-4065> with any questions. =u> Fortress VRF Advisors I LIC 11)=A0 Fortress VRF Investor Relations Fort=ess Investment G

**[WORD]:** Fund I LLC (the "Fund")=cash distribution with respect to the interest in the Fund held by Glenn D=bin will be wired on July 7, 2017 in the below amount. The distribut=on is effective June 1, 2017. Pursuant to the Assignment of Economic=Interest Agreement dated as of August 1, 2011 between Glenn Dubin and Jeep=rs, Inc., the amount will be distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance wi=h its wire instructions on file with the Fund. <=iv style="margin:Oin 0in 0.0001ptfont-size:11ptfont-family:Calibri,san=-serif"> Glenn Dubin: $46,853.96 wired to Jeepers Inc., Bank o= New York =span style="font-

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, July 7, 2017 7:32 AM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC - Distribution 
yess 
wrote: 
ok to send to dubin once received or wait =ntil they ask 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th =Ioor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 <tel:(212)%20971.1306> 
fax 212-320-0381<=a> 
cell 
el:(917)%20414-7584> 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Fortress VRF Investor Rela=ions 
Subject: Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC - D=stribution 
Dat=: July 6, 2017 at 6:33:10 PM EDT 
To:
Cc: "'Jeanne Brennan 
Richard, 
EFTA_R1_01882674 
EFTA02646011

Pl=ase note a Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC (the "Fund")=cash distribution with respect to the 
interest in the Fund held by Glenn D=bin will be wired on July 7, 2017 in the below amount. The distribut=on is effective 
June 1, 2017. Pursuant to the Assignment of Economic=Interest Agreement dated as of August 1, 2011 between Glenn 
Dubin and Jeep=rs, Inc., the amount will be distributed to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance wi=h its wire instructions on file 
with the Fund. 
<=iv style="margin:Oin 0in 0.0001ptfont-size:11ptfont-family:Calibri,san=-serif"> 
Glenn Dubin: $46,853.96 wired to Jeepers Inc., Bank o= New York 
=span style="font-size:lOpt;font-family:Arial,sans-serir>Please contact =elissa Cullen at (212) 478-4065 
<tel:(212)%20478-4065> with any questions. 
=u> 
Fortress VRF Advisors I LIC 
11)=A0 
Fortress VRF Investor Relations 
Fort=ess Investment Group 
1345 Avenue of the Americas</=> 
New York. NY 10105 
<=iv dir="ltr"> 
please note 
<=iv>The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may=be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and i= intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
J=E 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or a=y part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have =eceived this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication=and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all right= reserved 
--94eb2c053c74cf5a2f0553b5398f-- conversation-id 40607 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1499412707 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 727791 
2 
EFTA_R1_01882675 
EFTA02646012

