# EFTA02428282

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Dubin, Glenn <|
|To|Pete Briger|
|Sent|Fri Mar 2618:13:05 2010|
|Subject|thank you|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epstein[leevacationegmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Sat 3/27/2010 1:31:27 AM Subject FW: thank you Fyi... From: Pete Briger [mailto Sent: Friday, March 26, 2010 6:09 PM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: Re: thank you Just trying to do the right thing for everybody. From: Dubin, Glenn < To: Pete Briger Sent: Fri Mar 2618:13:05 2010 S

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epstein[leevacationegmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Sat 3/27/2010 1:31:27 AM Subject FW: thank you Fyi... From: Pete Briger [mailto Sent: Friday, March 26, 2010 6:09 PM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: Re: thank you Just trying to do the right thing for everybody. From: Dubin, Glenn < To: Pete Briger Sent: Fri Mar 2618:13:05 2010 Subject: thank you Just heard from Jeffrey who said you were a -mensch". Much appreciated. G This e-mail message is intended only for the named r

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epstein[leevacationegmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Sat 3/27/2010 1:31:27 AM Subject FW: thank you Fyi... From: Pete Briger [mailto Sent: Friday, March 26, 2010 6:09 PM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: Re: thank you Just trying to do the right thing for everybody. From: Dubin, Glenn < To: Pete Briger Sent: Fri Mar 2618:13:05 2010 Subject: thank you Just heard from Jeffrey who said you were a -mensch". Much appreciated. G This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. If you are not the intended recip

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epstein[leevacationegmail.com] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent 
Sat 3/27/2010 1:31:27 AM 
Subject FW: thank you 
Fyi... 
From: Pete Briger [mailto 
Sent: Friday, March 26, 2010 6:09 PM 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Subject: Re: thank you 
Just trying to do the right thing for everybody. 
From: Dubin, Glenn < 
To: Pete Briger 
Sent: Fri Mar 2618:13:05 2010 
Subject: thank you 
Just heard from Jeffrey who said you were a -mensch". Much appreciated. G 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this c-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_0 1497705 
EFTA02428282

