# EFTA00028052 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 9

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, September 23, 2020 5:39 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' )" To: '• (USANYS) [Contractor]" Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Date: Thu, 24 Sep 2020 20:36:44 +0000 Sounds good, thanks so much. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] .ca Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:37 AM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The files look good. One thing to note is that the confidential marking is not as large and glaring a

### Match 2
> From: ' )" To: '• (USANYS) [Contractor]" Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Date: Thu, 24 Sep 2020 20:36:44 +0000 Sounds good, thanks so much. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] .ca Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:37 AM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The files look good. One thing to note is that the confidential marking is not as large and glaring as we typically use but it is still clearly visible in the bottom left. I think I will probably need to go through to the excels and mark them individually confidential but that shouldn't b

### Match 3
> tial but that shouldn't be too troublesome. Once answers my question I will ask him to export the productions to our discovery folder so that we can start prepping the remainder of the materials. From: Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 5:40 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Thanks) c M> From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 5:39 PM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Yes, I'll hopefully have it done soon. From: Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 5:26 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: FW: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Wi

### Match 4
> der so that we can start prepping the remainder of the materials. From: Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 5:40 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Thanks) c M> From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 5:39 PM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Yes, I'll hopefully have it done soon. From: Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 5:26 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: FW: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Will, would you please review these and let me know if there's anything you think I need to check? From: (USANYS) [Contractor] <CRoz

### Match 5
> E: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Thanks) c M> From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 5:39 PM To: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Yes, I'll hopefully have it done soon. From: Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 5:26 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: FW: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Will, would you please review these and let me know if there's anything you think I need to check? From: (USANYS) [Contractor] <CRozier@usa.doj,gov> Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 11:32 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <M >: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Epstein/M

### Match 6
> l Upload Will, would you please review these and let me know if there's anything you think I need to check? From: (USANYS) [Contractor] <CRozier@usa.doj,gov> Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 11:32 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <M >: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The production of the documents has been completed. The below are links to the production for you to review: Deutsche Bank - https://dlpe.nss.pae.com/Relativityjgo?id=1420850-2343058 JP Morgan - https://dlpe.nss.pae.com/Relativityjgo?id=1420850-2343059 EFTA00028052 Please review the doc

### Match 7
> e review the documents and let me know if anything needs to be adjusted with the production. Thank you. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Friday, September 18, 2020 10:26 AM To: Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <CRozier@usa.doLgov> (USANYS) [Contractor] <M >; (USANYS) < k; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload 1. Yes, we want to mark all of them confidential 2. We are working on that. 3. I suppose database load files? We want to retain the files as they are currently formatted as best we can. 4. That won't be an issue. I don't think we will be searching through them; the purpose is just to

### Match 8
> n issue. I don't think we will be searching through them; the purpose is just to be able to stamp them. Thanks! From: (USANYS) [Contractor] <CRozier@usa.doj,gov> Sent: Friday, September 18, 2020 10:10 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] >; (USANYS) Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload 0; I know you want to produce these documents can you please tell me the following: 1. Will you placing a Confidential stamp on these documents? 2. What bates number do you wish to use on the documents? 3. How do you want to produce the documents (single page tiff images, database lo

### Match 9
> r these images since they are mostly images and video. Please let me know if there are any questions. Thank you. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Thursday, September 17, 2020 4:54 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <CRozier@usa.dokgov> Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS) >; Subject: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hey-, EFTA00028053 We have some materials that we need uploaded to Relativity to the Epstein database for the purpose of stamping them. The files in question number about 40,000 and are about 300GB in size. They are currently copying onto a drive to be sent to Relativity and should be r
