# EFTA02240161

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Ha en Maddie From: Sent: ed 1/ 18 7:25:11 PM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein ' schedule this Friday March 23, 3:30-4pm_Andrew can call Jeffrey at > On Mar 21, 2018, at 2:51 PM, Hagen, Maddie wrote: > Thanks for the speedy email! Here are some times Andrew has available for a call in the upcoming week: Fri 3/23, 3:30-4:OOpm Tue 3/27, 2:45-3:15pm Wed 3/28, 2:30-3:30pm Thurs 3/29, 3:30-4:30pm > • Perhaps something during one of these times will work for Jeffrey? > Thanks, > Maddie Hagen > • From: > Sent: We nes ay, Marc 1, PM > To: Hagen

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Ha en Maddie 
From: 
Sent: 
ed 
1/ 
18 7:25:11 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
' 
schedule this Friday March 23, 3:30-4pm_Andrew can call Jeffrey at 
> On Mar 21, 2018, at 2:51 PM, Hagen, Maddie 
wrote: 
> Thanks for the speedy email! Here are some times Andrew has available for a 
call in the upcoming week: 
Fri 3/23, 3:30-4:OOpm 
Tue 3/27, 2:45-3:15pm 
Wed 3/28, 2:30-3:30pm 
Thurs 3/29, 3:30-4:30pm 
> 
• Perhaps something during one of these times will work for Jeffrey? 
> Thanks, 
> Maddie Hagen 
> 
• From: 
> Sent: We nes ay, Marc 
1, 
PM 
> To: Hagen, Maddie 
> Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
> 
• Hello Maddie. Nice chatting with you. I'll speak to Jeffrey about setting up a 
15 min call within the week. 
> 
• I'll get back to you soon. 
> Sent from my iPhone 
> This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or 
using this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance 
thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, 
please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group 
LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement 
to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01010546 
EFTA02240161

