# EFTA02414951

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailtojeevacation@gmail.corn]|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|08 November 2010 21:06|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.com] From: The Duke Sent Mon 11/8/2010 10:10:22 PM Subject RE: Sorry been trying to fix it but very sadly unable to organise this week. Have a great trip to Paris. A HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtojeevacation@gmail.corn] Sent: 08 November 2010 21:06 To: The Duke Subject: suggestion? *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.com] 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent 
Mon 11/8/2010 10:10:22 PM 
Subject RE: 
Sorry been trying to fix it but very sadly unable to organise this week. 
Have a great trip to Paris. 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtojeevacation@gmail.corn] 
Sent: 08 November 2010 21:06 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
suggestion? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01478104 
EFTA02414951

