# EFTA02432742

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: • cation@gmailcomj From: Sent Wed 12/23/2009 1:15:26 PM Subject Re: Going to Paris. Sleep at airport then London NY tomorrow Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Wed, 23 Dec 2009 08:10:47 -0500 To: Jean Luc Brunel > Subject: now where? The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of th

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
• 
cation@gmailcomj 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 12/23/2009 1:15:26 PM 
Subject Re: 
Going to Paris. Sleep at airport then London NY tomorrow 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 23 Dec 2009 08:10:47 -0500 
To: Jean Luc Brunel
> 
Subject: 
now where? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1503795 
EFTA02432742

