# EFTA02429864

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnailcorn>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Sun Mar 07 07:55:40 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comfjeevacation©gmaitcom] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 3/7/2010 2:42:29 PM Subject Re: It's true and thank you. You are a great and true friend. When do we see you next? From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnailcorn> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sun Mar 07 07:55:40 2010 Subject: I am one of the few people that fully realizes how di

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comfjeevacation©gmaitcom] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 3/7/2010 2:42:29 PM Subject Re: It's true and thank you. You are a great and true friend. When do we see you next? From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnailcorn> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sun Mar 07 07:55:40 2010 Subject: I am one of the few people that fully realizes how difficult the past four months have been for you. You should feel proud of yourself that you were able accomplish what you did while walking on eggshells, having banana peels thrown under your feet ,

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comfjeevacation©gmaitcom] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Sun 3/7/2010 2:42:29 PM 
Subject 
Re: 
It's true and thank you. You are a great and true friend. When do we see you next? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnailcorn> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Sun Mar 07 07:55:40 2010 
Subject: 
I am one of the few people that fully realizes how difficult the past four months have been for 
you. You should feel proud of yourself that you were able accomplish what you did while walking 
on eggshells, having banana peels thrown under your feet , more like fear factor having to 
swallow so much bile.. COngragulations. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1499633 
EFTA02429864

