# EFTA00019207 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 2

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** '
- **Sent:** Tuesday, November 10, 202012:26 PM
- **Subject:** Fwd: Your Amazon.com order of "2019 Newest HP Pavilion 15..." and 2 more items.

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> What is the warden's name? I can draft the letter we discussed. Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: (USANYS)" Date: November 10, 2020 at 12:23:28 PM EST To: ' Cc: USANYS)" )11 (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Your Amazon.com order of "2019 Newest HP Pavilion and 2 more items. The Maxwell Laptop is ready to be picked up in room 307. We removed all the laptops electronic communication, so it has no Wi-Fi, Bluetooth or Ethernet connection capabilities. We tested access to the production data with the backup BOP production and works fine. We placed a sticker on the laptop with the pa

### Match 2
> with the password. Let me know if you have any questions. From: Sent: Monday, November 9, 2020 8:53 PM To: -(USANYS) Cc: I II (USANYS) (USANYS) Subject: RE: Your mazon.com order of "2019 Newest HP Pavilion 15..." and 2 more items. Thanks so much, Is the laptop large enough to save any of Maxwell's discovery on it? Or would doing so just slow it down? I ask because her attorneys requested that we load her discovery onto the laptop if possible. EFTA00019207 From: (USANYS) Sent: Monday, November 9, 2020 2:11 PM To Cc: (USANYS) (USANYS) < Subject: RE: Your Amazon.com order of "2019 N
