# EFTA02723851

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Eva Dubin|
|To|Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** y Epsteinbeevacation©gmaii.com] From: Karyna Shuliak Sent Mon 12/17/2012 7:16:24 PM Subject: Re: Have tried to call her back, she called from her work phone, I was told she can not speak right now On Monday, December 17, 2012, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: ------ Forwarded message --------- From: Eva Dubin Date: Mon, Dec 17, 2012 at 1:49 PM Subject: To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com> Just had your muffin this morning. Such a pleasure. Makes my whole morning a delight. Tried to call Karyna this morning. No answer. I will keep flying. ---------- * ****** ******************************************

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationepgmaitcomfjeevacation@gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmaii.com] 
From: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Sent 
Mon 12/17/2012 7:16:24 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Have tried to call her back, she called from her work phone, I was told she can not speak right 
now 
On Monday, December 17, 2012, Jeffrey Epstein wrote: 
------ Forwarded message ---------
From: Eva Dubin
Date: Mon, Dec 17, 2012 at 1:49 PM 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Just had your muffin this morning. Such a pleasure. Makes my whole morning a delight. Tried 
to call Karyna this morning. No answer. I will keep flying. 
---------- 
* ****** ****************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_0221 0207 
EFTA02723851

