# EFTA02336605

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj|
|To|Bill Gates|
|Sent|Saturday, October 18, 2014 2:53 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Bill Gates Sent: Sunday, October 19, 2014 1:33 AM To: Jeffrey E. Cc: Larry Cohen Subject: RE: That is unfortunate for the people involved. I think the outstanding letter of credit will get called in that case which is fine. I was willing to pay it off but they pushed for it to be transferred to a b

**[FULL]:** the people involved. I think the outstanding letter of credit will get called in that case which is fine. I was willing to pay it off but they pushed for it to be transferred to a bank over a year ago. From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj Sent: Saturday, October 18, 2014 2:53 PM To: Bill Gates Subject: alice s co is filing bankruptcy, creditor list etc please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthoriz

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Bill Gates 
Sent: 
Sunday, October 19, 2014 1:33 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Cc: 
Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
RE: 
That is unfortunate for the people involved. 
I think the outstanding letter of credit will get called in that case which is fine. 
I was willing to pay it off but they pushed for it to be transferred to a bank over a year ago. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Saturday, October 18, 2014 2:53 PM 
To: Bill Gates 
Subject: 
alice s co is filing bankruptcy, creditor list etc 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01296951 
EFTA02336605

