# EFTA02431096

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Thu Feb 04 16:50:24 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comUeevacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Thur 2/4/2010 9:52:37 PM Subject: Re: Well what? From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Feb 04 16:50:24 2010 Subject: %veil? ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communicati

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comUeevacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Thur 2/4/2010 9:52:37 PM Subject: Re: Well what? From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Feb 04 16:50:24 2010 Subject: %veil? ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comUeevacationellgmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Thur 2/4/2010 9:52:37 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Well what? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Thu Feb 04 16:50:24 2010 
Subject: 
%veil? 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01501202 
EFTA02431096

