# EFTA00010118 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Southern District of New York The SilWoJ. Mollo Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York. New York 10007 November 18, 2021 BY E-MAIL The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Judge Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, S2 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Dear Judge Nathan: The Government respectfully submits this letter motion to quash the defendant's Rule 17(c)(3) subpoena to the administrator of the Epstein Victims' Compensation Program (EVCP). For the reasons set forth below, the subpoena should be quashed.' I. Applica

### Match 2
> Southern District of New York The SilWoJ. Mollo Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York. New York 10007 November 18, 2021 BY E-MAIL The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Judge Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, S2 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Dear Judge Nathan: The Government respectfully submits this letter motion to quash the defendant's Rule 17(c)(3) subpoena to the administrator of the Epstein Victims' Compensation Program (EVCP). For the reasons set forth below, the subpoena should be quashed.' I.

### Match 3
> s are relevant and admissible. The defendant argues primarily that the materials contain relevant impeachment information because "[f]ull and complete cross-examination is impossible without understanding the complete terms of the agreement with the Epstein Fund, including the claims concerning Maxwell, as well as others." (Def. Mot. at 6). Materials are not relevant and admissible at trial, as required by Nixon, simply because they aid the defendant's "understanding." And the defendant articulates only one theory by which EVCP materials may be admitted to show bias. According to the defendant
