# EFTA02590985

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: mit, media lab, joi ito

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** 16, 2014 6:39 PM To: Joi Ito Subject: Re: Yes On Thursday, October 16, 2014, Joi Ito rote: Wow. So I just have my accounting team coordinate =ith him about the process right? On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:56 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation=gmail.com <javascript:;> wrote: > This is separate 2 mil from bill gates > On Thursday, October 16, 2014, Joi It wrote: > Does Larry work for Leon? > On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:20 , jeffrey E. sieevac=tion@gmail.com <javascript:;> wrote: > Joi- Larry , Larry joi - joi party would like to coordinate a gif= > > > > -- > > please note > The information contained in th

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, October 16, 2014 6:39 PM 
To: 
Joi Ito 
Subject: 
Re: 
Yes 
On Thursday, October 16, 2014, Joi Ito 
rote: 
Wow. So I just have my accounting team coordinate =ith him about the process right? 
On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:56 , jeffrey E. <jeevacation=gmail.com <javascript:;>  wrote: 
> This is separate 2 mil from bill gates 
> On Thursday, October 16, 2014, Joi It 
wrote: 
> Does Larry work for Leon? 
> On Oct 16, 2014, at 13:20 , jeffrey E. sieevac=tion@gmail.com <javascript:;> wrote: 
> Joi- Larry , Larry joi - joi party would like to coordinate a gif= 
> > 
> > --
> > 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
» be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, 
> and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the 
> > property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
> unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please 
> notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
>  jeevacation@gm=il.com <javascript:;> , and destroy this 
> communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
> copyright -all rights reserved 
> > 
> --
> Please use this email for confidential mail only. For general Media 
> La= email, please use joi@media.mit.edu <javascript:;> 
> --
> 
please note 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and 
> is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or 
> any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
EFTA_R1_01773285 
EFTA02590985

> have received this communication in error, please notify us 
> immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.c=m 
> <javascript:;> , and destroy this communication and all copies 
> thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Please use this email for confidential mail only. For general Media Lab ema=l, please us
<javascript:;> 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addresse=. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying =f this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and =ay be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and<=r>destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all atta=hments. copyright 
-all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01773286 
EFTA02590986

