# EFTA00030411 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x • UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, • AFFIDAVIT OF CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO LOCAL CRIMINAL RULE 16.1 GHISLAINE MAXWELL, • 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Defendant. x • STATE OF NEW YORK COUNTY OF NEW YORK SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK ) SS.: pursuant to Title 28, United States Code, Section 1746, hereby affirms under penalty of perjury: 1. I am an Assistant United States Attorney in the Office of Audrey Strauss, Ac

### Match 2
> f Audrey Strauss, Acting United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York. I am one of the Assistants who represents the Government in these proceedings. 2. I certify pursuant to Local Criminal Rule 16.1 that the Government has conferred in good faith with counsel to the defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell, regarding defense counsel's request that the warden of the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC") report directly to the Court and counsel on the defendant's conditions of confinement, and that the parties have been unable to reach agreement. 3. In particular, on November 30, 2020, the Governm

### Match 3
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x • UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, • AFFIDAVIT OF CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO LOCAL CRIMINAL RULE 16.1 GHISLAINE MAXWELL, • 20 Cr. 330 (MN) Defendant. x • STATE OF NEW YORK COUNTY OF NEW YORK SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK ) SS.: pursuant to Title 28, United States Code, Section 1746, hereby affirms under penalty of perjury: 1. I am an Assistant United States Attorney in the Office of Audrey Stra

### Match 4
> f Audrey Strauss, Acting United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York. I am one of the Assistants who represents the Government in these proceedings. 2. I certify pursuant to Local Criminal Rule 16.1 that the Government has conferred in good faith with counsel to the defendant, Ghislaine Maxwell, regarding defense counsel's request that the warden of the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC") report directly to the Court and counsel on the defendant's conditions of confinement, and that the parties have been unable to reach agreement. 3. In particular, on November 30, 2020, the
