# EFTA02500650

**LES WEXNER REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: ohio

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** ng lady Rebecca Dobson (resume a=tached) who I very much would like to hire. Her responsibilities would inc=ude office management, administrative oversight of real estate projects, HR (in office and would suggest househo=d employees as well) and general administration. She currently works at th= Wexner Office in Ohio where she has worked for the last two years and is =oving to New York because her husband is taking a job at Goldman Sachs. She is smart, solid, and energetic and c=mes with the highest recommendations. I expect she would make around $100,=00 all in. If you have any significant ob

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, May 28, 2015 7:07 PM 
To: 
Brad Wechsler 
Subject: 
Re: 
not a good idea. ill explain when i see you 
On Thu, Ma= 28, 2015 at 3:01 PM, Brad Wechsler 
rote: 
Je=frey, 
I =ust had the opportunity to interview a young lady Rebecca Dobson (resume a=tached) who I very much would 
like to hire. Her responsibilities would inc=ude office management, administrative oversight of real estate projects, HR 
(in office and would suggest househo=d employees as well) and general administration. She currently works at th= 
Wexner Office in Ohio where she has worked for the last two years and is =oving to New York because her husband is 
taking a job at Goldman Sachs. She is smart, solid, and energetic and c=mes with the highest recommendations. I expect 
she would make around $100,=00 all in. If you have any significant objections please let me know as so=n as possible as 
she is entertaining another offer. Thanks. Brad 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01627751 
EFTA02500650

