# EFTA02413441

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, flight

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmall.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent|Sat Jun 12 09:06:18 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** tents or cool pit passes or parties with hot women - just mingled w/ the masses. I have not enjoyed that part but it was fun being with these boys. I'll call from the airport as I await the arrival of my air canada flight back to the us. From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmall.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L Sent: Sat Jun 12 09:06:18 2010 Subject: hanson is ripe for being punked„ your idea is a tad cruel. , but with tweaking could be even crueler. **********************************************rn ***AMA** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationeggmail.conteevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Sat 6/12/2010 1:09:30 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I'm in montreal at the grand prix (an experience I shall not repeat). College friend's 50th bday. Returning later 
today. Very pedestrian experience. We sat in the bleachers, no fancy tents or cool pit passes or parties with hot 
women - just mingled w/ the masses. I have not enjoyed that part but it was fun being with these boys. I'll call 
from the airport as I await the arrival of my air canada flight back to the us. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmall.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Sent: Sat Jun 12 09:06:18 2010 
Subject: 
hanson is ripe for being punked„ your idea is a tad cruel. , but with tweaking could be even 
crueler. 
**********************************************rn
 ***AMA**
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01475956 
EFTA02413441

