# EFTA02303524

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Karyna Shuliak <Ma Sent: Monday, July 6, 2015 6:10 PM To: Dr. Rony + Catherine Shimony Cc: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Ambulance for JE Dear Dr. Shimony, Is there a number where I could reach Mr. Steinberg to discuss the =etails please? Thank you! Karyna. > On Jul 3, 2015, at 7:18 AM, wrote: > Eva & Karyna > When you are ready, a friend and colleague Morris Steinberg who's > involved in the

**[FULL]:** eart and Vascular Center, Midtown >» Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of >» medicine Cardiovascular Institute >» 485 Madison Ave., >» 17th floor >» New York, NY 10022 >» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos >» >» »» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:24 PM, Eva Dubin a> =rote: >>» »» I will look into this when I am back in NY... »» I also cc Rony on this.... so we can brainstorm together... >>» »» Sent from my iPhone >>» >»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 9:47 PM, Karyna Shuliak wrote: >>>» >»» Hi Eva, >>>» >»» Jeffrey wants to purchase 2 fully equipped ambul

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Karyna Shuliak <Ma 
Sent: 
Monday, July 6, 2015 6:10 PM 
To: 
Dr. Rony + Catherine Shimony 
Cc: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: Ambulance for JE 
Dear Dr. Shimony, 
Is there a number where I could reach Mr. Steinberg to discuss the =etails please? 
Thank you! 
Karyna. 
> On Jul 3, 2015, at 7:18 AM, 
wrote: 
> Eva & Karyna 
> When you are ready, a friend and colleague Morris Steinberg who's 
> involved in the ambulance service and ran the =Y Monroe department for 
> 30+ years is willing and very capable to help =et up the two 
> ambulances He's connections will get the best pricing as well 
> Happy fourth of July 
>r 
> R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
> Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown Associate 
> Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of medicine 
> Cardiovascular Institute 
> 485 Madison Ave., 
> 17th floor 
> New York, NY 10022 
> dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:45 PM, Karyna Shuliak 
wrote: 
» That would be a tremendous help! 
» Thank you very much! 
EFTA_R1_01175129 
EFTA02303524

>» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:43 PM, 
>» 
>» Sure 
>» 
>» 
>» Head EMS colleagues friends & ER guys can set us up 
>» Let Eva & I know when ready 
>>>r 
>>> 
>>> 
>» R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
>» Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown 
>» Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of 
>» medicine Cardiovascular Institute 
>» 485 Madison Ave., 
>» 17th floor 
>» New York, NY 10022 
>» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
>» 
>» 
»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:24 PM, Eva Dubin a> 
=rote: 
>>» 
»» I will look into this when I am back in NY... 
»» I also cc Rony on this.... so we can brainstorm together... 
>>» 
»» Sent from my iPhone 
>>» 
>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 9:47 PM, Karyna Shuliak 
wrote: 
>>>» 
>»» Hi Eva, 
>>>» 
>»» Jeffrey wants to purchase 2 fully equipped ambulance machines: 1 =or the island, and 1 for the ranch. May be you 
know somebody who could =elp us with the process, especially regarding all the equipment? we =ould really appreciate 
any help! 
>>>» Please let me know. 
wrote: 
>>>» 
>»» Thank you so much! 
>»» And I hope you enjoy your vacation! 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01175130 
EFTA02303525

<integer>32079</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>04integer> 
<key>date-receivedqkey> 
<integer>1436206194</integer> 
<key>flagsgkey> 
<integer>86237501454integen 
<key>remote-ick/key> 
<string>7026</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01175131 
EFTA02303526

