# EFTA02588345

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, September 10, 2014 1:43 PM To: Larry Cohen; Bill Gates Subject: next steps I suggest setting aside 2 to 3 ,if possible we=kend days,( more casual ,less time pressure ) for 5 plus bill and i=-people each meeting. to be followed by focused one- on =nes soon thereafter. In the interim your team or i= you prefer mine. should initate real steps to form

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, September 10, 2014 1:43 PM 
To: 
Larry Cohen; Bill Gates 
Subject: 
next steps 
I suggest setting aside 2 to 3 ,if possible we=kend days,( more casual ,less time pressure ) for 5 plus bill and i=-people 
each meeting. to be followed by focused one- on =nes soon thereafter. In the interim your team or i= you prefer 
mine. should initate real steps to form entities. with t=e caveat that you are not yet fully convinced , though I am highly 
confide=t that you will get there. 
please note 
The infor=ation contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-=lient privileged, may constitute inside 
information, and is intended on=y for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unautho=ized use, disclosure or 
copying of this communication or any part there=f is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received 
this=br>communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mai= or by e-mail to conversation-id 300783 
date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1410356577 flags 8590195713 remote-id 438152 <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01769268 
EFTA02588345

