# EFTA00012111 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 13

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> IER: This Form is to be used in cases where a conveyance COVENS several aircraft and engines, propellers, or locations. File original of this form with the recorded conveyance and a copy in each aircraft folder involved. TYPE OF CONVEYANCE NAME CHANGE DATE EXECUTED FEBRUARY 11.2010 FROM AIR GHISLAINE INC DOCUMENT NO. TO OR ASSIGNED TO SHMITKA AIR INC DATE RECORDED FEBRUARY 23, 2010 THE FOLLOWING COLLATERAL IS COVERED BY THE CONVEYANCE: Total Aircraft: Total Engines: Total Props: I Total Spare Parts: tFS-750-23R (MOS) EFTA00012441 EFTA00012442 FORM APPROVED OMB No. 2120-0042 UNIT

### Match 2
> E ONLY S ( TYPE OF REGISTRATION (Check one Sox) C. Is O 1. Individual Ei 2. Partnership O 3. Corporation IR) 4. Co-owner O 5. Gov't. O 0. „anon C NAME OF APPLICANT (Person(*) shown on evidence of ownership. If InctividuaL give last name. first name, and middle initial.) III 1.) Air Ghislaine, Inc. 6.25% of 10O% CSee Attachrrent 4 a+cel 1 - lq—io TELEPHONE NUMBER: ( ) ADDRESS (Porrygnonl mailing *tigress for first applicant listed.)(II P.O. BOX Is used, physical address must ekso be shown.) Number and street' ._ _ _— Rural Route: PO. Sox: CITY I Ric mind Heights STATE OH ZIP

### Match 3
> TE: It executed for co-ownership all applicants must sign. Use reverse side if necessary. TYPE OR PRINT NAME BELOW SIGNATURE EACH PART OF THIS APPLICATION MUST RE SIGNED IN INK TITLE V P of Whole Aircraft & Acquisitions of Flight Options, §:fibs LLC TITLE acting as Attorney-In-RPM for Air Ghislaine, Inc. 1-ict—ro DATE SIGNATURE TITLE NOTE Pending rebel)), of the Certificate of Aircraft Registration. the aircraft may be operated for a period not in excess of 03 days. during which terns the PINK copy of Mkt application must be earned In the Wraith. AC Form 8050-1 (5/03) (0052-00-628-9007)

### Match 4
> FOR FAA USE ONLY TYPE OF REGISTRATION (Check one box) • O I. Individual O 2. Partnership 0 3. Corporation 5i) 4. Co-owner O 5. Govt. O S. ?*Dn'atizell NAME OF APPLICANT (Person(s) shown on evidence of ownership. It IndIvIclual, give lent name. Snit nerve, and middle initial.) 1.) Air Ghislaine, Inc. 6.25% of 100% cSee Attachment 0tAceel )R--c2-/---Oq) TELEPHONE NUMBER: ( ) ADDRESS Number Rural Route (Permanent malting address for first applicant c/o: Fli ht 0 tions and street: listed.)01 LLC P.O. BOX Is used, physical address must also be shown.) P.O. 003. CITY STATE OH

### Match 5
> been filed with the Federal Aviation applicants must sign. Use reverse aircraft not registered under of legal is has evidence of ownership attached or orship all .NATURE a z 1§1 i Tna V P of Sales & Marketin, VrE .f Flight Options, LIC TITLE acting as Attorney -In -Fftet for Air Ghislaine, Inc. 0)/ (57- -o9 I TITLE DATE NOTE Pending receipt of the Certificate of Aircraft Registration. the aircraft may be operated faineance not in excess of 90 days. during which time the PINK copy of this application mufti be canned in the aircraft. AC Fain 8050-1 (5/03) (0052-00-828-9007)

### Match 6
> FOR FAA USE ONLY TYPE OF REGISTRATION (Check one Sax) i'n 0 1. Individual 0 2. Partnership 0 3. Corporation ) 4. Co-owner 0 5. Gov't 0 8. 4°'' itz on NAME OF APPLICANT It individual, last name, first name, and naddte initial.) (Person(s) shown on evidence of ownership. give • 1.) Air Ghislaine, Inc. 6.25% of 100% (:See Attachment cfa,tc/4 Ii11411C)c‘ ) TELEPHONE NUMBER: ( ) ADDRESiS (Permanent mal for hen ppplicam ne w P.O. BOX Is used. physical address must also be shown.) C/O: 1 t 'bons LLI Number end street: Rural Route: P.O. Sox: CITY Richmond Heights STATE OH ZIP

### Match 7
> e Federal Aviation Administration. r nership all applicants must sign. Use reverse side it necessary. TYP IGNATURE EACH PART OF THIS APPLICATION MUST BE SIGNED IN INK. TITLE V P of Sales & Ntarketi of Flight Options, LLC A"s mIME ' I ‘4101 TITLEacting as Attorney in -FlaweE for Air Ghislaine, Inc. TITLE GATE NOTE Pending receipt of tho Certificate of Aircraft Registration, the aircraft may be operated for a period not in excess of 90 days. during which time the PINK copy of this application must be carried in the aircraft. 0 D D AC Form 8050-1 (5/03) (0052-00428-9007) • • .

### Match 8
> RK -244 FOR FAA USE ONLY TYPE OF REGISTRATION (Check one box) O 1. IndIVIdUal O 2. Partnership O 3. Corporation )0 4. Co-owner O 5. Govt. O 8. "cncittzen NAME OF APPLICANT (Person(s) shown on evidence of ownership. If hxliviclual, give last name, first name, and middle initial.) 1.) Air Ghislaine, Inc. 6.25% of 100% • See Attachment ci to ed 5 - & --cA C TELEPHONE NUMBER: ( I ADDRESS (Permanent regaling-pa& .,_ first. applicant ttcl.) (If P.O. BOX Is used. physical address must also be shown.) I' I 1 • ii • VI ens CEO: and fl eet' Rural Route: P.O. Box: CITY Richmond Heights

### Match 9
> idence of ownership is attached or has been flied with the Federal Aviation NOTE: If executed for co-ownership all applicants must sign. Use reverse TY - IGNATURE ti TITLE Executive Vice Preside`1t1TE of Flight Options, LLC 5- to- oq t . a i - TITLE acting as Attorney -In -Fgef for Air Ghislaine, Inc. SIGNATURE TITLE i . , ; GATE NOTE Pending receipt of the CORMS/de of AirCrefl Registration, the aircraft may be operated for a period not in excess of 90 delft during whiCII time the PINK copy of this application must be *Carded In the aircraft. O 0 a. ci cu 0 0 (0 AC Form 8050-1

### Match 10
> 0 (.4 O 0 3 0 0 a 0 a a 0 O O 0 0 091281339024 $5.00 05/06/2009 EFTA00012483 FILED WITH FAA AIRCRAFT REGISTRATION BR 2009 tiffil 6 PM 1 41 oKLAH;_mA CITY OKLAHOMA EFTA00012484 U.S. Department of Transportation Federal Aviation Administration Date of Issue: May 4, 2009 AIR GHISLAINE INC SOUTHEASTERN MILLS INC ET-AL CIO FLIGHT OPTIONS INC Flight Standards Service Aircraft Registration Branch, AFS•760 RICHMOND HEIGHTS, OH 44143-1453 HAND DELIVERED TO IATS IN THE PD ROOM Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 71125-0501 Toll Free: WEB Address: 1092291 This facsimile must be carried
