# EFTA02429761

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, microsoft

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|STANLEY COHEN|
|To|Dave Alter; Rabbi Gary Atkins; Bea Brody; Alan Bussell; Sandy Cassel; Faye & Lenny Clymer; Steve|
|Sent|Thursday, March 04, 2010 10:41 AM|
|Subject|Chutzpah|

---

**[FULL]:** Albert Greenspoon; Miriam Hernandez; Chickie Kirchman; Walter & Janie Klein; Betty Lewis; Ed Lotstein; Marsha Lotstein; Carl Mandell; Mike Manheim; Sandra home Miller; Linda Powers; Larry Rothstein; Jane & Gary Rubin; Marlene Rubin; Stan Schonbuch; Allan Sulzer Subject: Chutzpah Enjoy!!! Stan Bill Gates has advertised for a new chairman of Microsoft Europe. Five thousand candidates assemble in a large room. One of them is Maurice Cohen, a little Jewish man who was born in Tunisia. Bill Gates thanks the candidates for coming, but asks all those who are not familiar with the JAVA program langu

**[FULL]:** in; Jane & Gary Rubin; Marlene Rubin; Stan Schonbuch; Allan Sulzer Subject: Chutzpah Enjoy!!! Stan Bill Gates has advertised for a new chairman of Microsoft Europe. Five thousand candidates assemble in a large room. One of them is Maurice Cohen, a little Jewish man who was born in Tunisia. Bill Gates thanks the candidates for coming, but asks all those who are not familiar with the JAVA program language to leave. EFTA_R1_01499512 EFTA02429761 Two thousand people rise and leave the room. Maurice Cohen says to himself: 'I do not know this language but w hat have I got to lose if I stay?? I'

**[FULL]:** es for coming, but asks all those who are not familiar with the JAVA program language to leave. EFTA_R1_01499512 EFTA02429761 Two thousand people rise and leave the room. Maurice Cohen says to himself: 'I do not know this language but w hat have I got to lose if I stay?? I'll give it a try!" Bill Gates then asks all those who have no experience in managing teams of more than one hundred people to leave. Another two thousand people go. Maurice Cohen says to himself: 'I have never managed anybody, but myself but what have I got to lose if I stay? What can happen to me?' Then Bill Gates asks al

**[FULL]:** try!" Bill Gates then asks all those who have no experience in managing teams of more than one hundred people to leave. Another two thousand people go. Maurice Cohen says to himself: 'I have never managed anybody, but myself but what have I got to lose if I stay? What can happen to me?' Then Bill Gates asks all candidates who do not have outstanding academic qualifications to rise and leave. Five hundred more people remove themselves. Maurice Cohen says to himself, 'I left school at 15, but what have I got to lose if I stay? So he stays in the room. Lastly, Bill Gates asks all of the candida

**[FULL]:** an happen to me?' Then Bill Gates asks all candidates who do not have outstanding academic qualifications to rise and leave. Five hundred more people remove themselves. Maurice Cohen says to himself, 'I left school at 15, but what have I got to lose if I stay? So he stays in the room. Lastly, Bill Gates asks all of the candidates who do not speak the Serbo-Croatian language to rise and leave. Four hundred and ninety-eight people get up and leave the room. Maurice Cohen says himself, 'I do not speak Serbo-Croatian, but what the hell!? Have I got anything to lose? He finds himself alone with on

**[FULL]:** the Serbo-Croatian language to rise and leave. Four hundred and ninety-eight people get up and leave the room. Maurice Cohen says himself, 'I do not speak Serbo-Croatian, but what the hell!? Have I got anything to lose? He finds himself alone with one other candidate. Everyone else has gone. Bill Gates joins them and says 'Apparently you are the only two candidates who speak Serbo-Croatian. I'd like to hear you converse with one another in Serbo-Croatian.' Calmly, Maurice turns to the other candidate and says to him: 'Baroukh ata Adonai.' The other candidate answers: 'Elohinou melekh ha'olam

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Mike Manheim 
Sent: 
Fri 3/5/2010 12:56:37 AM 
Subject: FW: Chutzpah 
From: STANLEY COHEN 
Sent: Thursday, March 04, 2010 10:41 AM 
To: Dave Alter; Rabbi Gary Atkins; Bea Brody; Alan Bussell; Sandy Cassel; Faye & Lenny Clymer; Steve 
home Cohen; Vi & Marshall Epstein; Marty Feldman; Arty & Gloria Gertzman; Mark Goldberg; Ron 
Goldbrenner; Albert Greenspoon; Miriam Hernandez; Chickie Kirchman; Walter & Janie Klein; Betty 
Lewis; Ed Lotstein; Marsha Lotstein; Carl Mandell; Mike Manheim; Sandra home Miller; Linda Powers; 
Larry Rothstein; Jane & Gary Rubin; Marlene Rubin; Stan Schonbuch; Allan Sulzer 
Subject: Chutzpah 
Enjoy!!! 
Stan 
Bill Gates has advertised for a new chairman of Microsoft 
Europe. 
Five thousand candidates assemble in a large room. One of 
them is Maurice Cohen, a little Jewish man who was born in 
Tunisia. 
Bill Gates thanks the candidates for coming, but asks all those 
who are not familiar with the JAVA program language to leave. 
EFTA_R1_01499512 
EFTA02429761

Two thousand people rise and leave the room. Maurice Cohen 
says to himself: 'I do not know this language but w hat have I 
got to lose if I stay?? I'll give it a try!" 
Bill Gates then asks all those who have no experience in 
managing teams of more than one hundred people to leave. 
Another two thousand people go. Maurice Cohen says to 
himself: 'I have never managed anybody, but myself but 
what have I got to lose if I stay? What can happen to me?' 
Then Bill Gates asks all candidates who do not have 
outstanding academic qualifications to rise and leave. 
Five hundred more people remove themselves. 
Maurice Cohen says to himself, 'I left school at 15, but what 
have I got to lose if I stay? So he stays in the room. 
Lastly, Bill Gates asks all of the candidates who do not speak 
the Serbo-Croatian language to rise and leave. Four hundred 
and ninety-eight people get up and leave the room. 
Maurice Cohen says himself, 'I do not speak Serbo-Croatian, 
but what the hell!? Have I got anything to lose? 
He finds himself alone with one other candidate. Everyone else 
has gone. Bill Gates joins them and says 'Apparently you are 
the only two candidates who speak Serbo-Croatian. I'd like to 
hear you converse with one another in Serbo-Croatian.' 
Calmly, Maurice turns to the other candidate and says to him: 
'Baroukh ata Adonai.' 
The other candidate answers: 'Elohinou melekh ha'olam.' 
EFTA_R1_01499513 
EFTA02429762

