# EFTA02445074

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: FW: Meeting|

---

**[WORD]:** see anything with farkas until the fall at earliest. , he thinks there is so much low hanging fruit, On Mon, Jun 22, 2009 at 11:19 AM, Gerald Barton e > wrote: Jeffrey. My apologies. Accidentally sent Jerry's email as if it were coming from Bill Vaughan. Gi Jeffrey, I had a nice meeting with Andrew. He treats your friends very well. He thought there was a substantive possibility of synergism between what he does and what we do. He asked Charles Gamer to join us. Charles is President of IGY. Andrew left and I talked with Charles and his associate and they mutually had sufficient interest. W

**[WORD]:** Jerry's email as if it were coming from Bill Vaughan. Gi Jeffrey, I had a nice meeting with Andrew. He treats your friends very well. He thought there was a substantive possibility of synergism between what he does and what we do. He asked Charles Gamer to join us. Charles is President of IGY. Andrew left and I talked with Charles and his associate and they mutually had sufficient interest. We set up another meeting at 11:30 a.m. at their offices in New York on July 1st. A very nice meeting. Thank you. Jerry Gerald G. Barton Landmark Land Company, Inc. P.O. Box 1880 U er Marlboro MD 2077

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Gerald Barton 
From: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent 
Fri 6/26/2009 11:30:37 AM 
Subject: Re: FW: Meeting 
i don't see anything with farkas until the fall at earliest. , he thinks there is so much low hanging 
fruit, 
On Mon, Jun 22, 2009 at 11:19 AM, Gerald Barton e
> wrote: 
Jeffrey. 
My apologies. Accidentally sent Jerry's email as if it were coming from Bill Vaughan. 
Gi 
Jeffrey, 
I had a nice meeting with Andrew. He treats your friends very well. He thought there was a substantive 
possibility of synergism between what he does and what we do. He asked Charles Gamer to join us. 
Charles is President of IGY. Andrew left and I talked with Charles and his associate and they mutually had 
sufficient interest. We set up another meeting at 11:30 a.m. at their offices in New York on July 1st. 
A very nice meeting. Thank you. 
Jerry 
Gerald G. Barton 
Landmark Land Company, Inc. 
P.O. Box 1880 
U er Marlboro MD 20773 
DISCLAIMER: This e-mail message, including any attached files and subsequent replies, is 
intended only for the exclusive use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may 
contain information that is proprietary, privileged, confidential and/or exempt from disclosure 
under applicable law. If the reader of this e-mail message is not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that any viewing, copying, disclosure or distribution of this communication is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify the sender 
immediately by either telephone or e-mail, and delete the original and any copies from your 
computer system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01522478 
EFTA02445074

