# EFTA02455446

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew S"|
|To|=/b>"Richard Kahn|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>"" NEW ISSUE: =LPHABET INC ( GOOGL ) • "|

---

**[WORD]:** 10 year as of 10:10am is 1.56% therefore 10 year bond would =e 2.36% if +80 is accurate please advise thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 tel =12-971-1306 fax 646-350-0954 cell =17-414-7584 Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" Subject: =/b>"" NEW ISSUE: =LPHABET INC ( GOOGL ) • " Date: =/b>August 2, 2016 at 10:09:30 AM =DT To: =/b>"Richard Kahn Hi Rich, Morgan Stanley is =ricing a new issue GOOGL Note today. Price talk is +80 area = Here are the details: =ssuer/Ticker &=bsp; =lphabet Inc ( GOOGL ) Issue =atin

**[WORD]:** ceeds =nbsp; General corporate purposes, including for the =epayment of outstanding commercial paper. Bookrunner = &=bsp; Active: MS Denominations &n=sp; 2,000 x 1,000 Sale into =anada &n=sp; Yes - Exemption Timing &nb=p; =oday's Business Let me know if you have =ny questions. Best, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas First Vice President Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Financial Advisor Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 2 EFTA_R1_01558095 EFTA02455447 Tel/Direct: +1 212 705 4521 I Fax: +1 212 705 4592 <mailto: NMLS ID tJ =

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn ‹
> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, August 2, 2016 2:11 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: " 1' NEW ISSUE: ALPHABET INC ( GOOGL ) *** 
10 year as of 10:10am is 1.56% therefore 10 year bond would =e 2.36% if +80 is accurate please advise thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel =12-971-1306 
fax 646-350-0954 
cell =17-414-7584 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" 
Subject: =/b>"" NEW ISSUE: =LPHABET INC ( GOOGL ) • " 
Date: =/b>August 2, 2016 at 10:09:30 AM =DT 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn
Hi Rich, 
Morgan Stanley is =ricing a new issue GOOGL Note today. Price talk is +80 area = 
Here are the details: 
=ssuer/Ticker 
&=bsp; 
=lphabet Inc ( GOOGL ) 
Issue =atings 
&=bsp; 
Moody's: =a2/Stable/Expected 
S&P: =A/Stable/Expected 
Total =ize 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; Benchmark 
EFTA_R1_01558094 
EFTA02455446

Format 
&nb=p; 
= 
SEC =egistered 
Tenor 
&nbs=; 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 10 Year 
Maturity =ate 
&nbs=; 
Aug 15, 2026 
Coupon =ype 
&nbs=; 
Fixed 
Ranking =Tranche) 
Sr =nsecured Note 
Tranche =urrency 
=USD 
Optional Redemption - Make Whole =all 
- Par Call: 3 month(s) prior to maturity 
Use of =roceeds 
=nbsp; General corporate purposes, including for the =epayment of outstanding 
commercial paper. 
Bookrunner 
= 
&=bsp; Active: MS 
Denominations 
&n=sp; 
2,000 x 1,000 
Sale into =anada 
&n=sp; Yes - Exemption 
Timing 
&nb=p; 
=oday's Business 
Let me know if you have =ny questions. 
Best, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
First Vice President 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Financial Advisor 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 
2 
EFTA_R1_01558095 
EFTA02455447

Tel/Direct: +1 212 705 4521 I Fax: +1 212 705 4592 
<mailto: 
NMLS ID tJ =326736 
NOTICE: Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or =iews contained herein are not 
intended to be, and do not constitute, advice =ithin the meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform 
and =onsumer Protection Act. If you have received this communication in error, please =estroy all electronic and paper 
copies and notify the sender immediately. Mistransmission is not intended to waive confidentiality or privilege. =organ 
Stanley reserves the right, to the extent permitted under applicable =aw, to monitor electronic communications. This 
message is subject to terms =vailable at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers If you =annot 
access these links, please notify us by reply message and we will send =he contents to you. By communicating with 
Morgan Stanley you consent to the =foregoing and to the voice recording of conversations with personnel of =organ 
Stanley. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01558096 
EFTA02455448

