# EFTA00026424 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** The Bloomberg Open <noreplygmail.bloombergbusiness.com>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** PPP puzzle

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> The Bloomberg Open <noreplygmail.bloombergbusiness.com> To: Subject: PPP puzzle Date: Tue, 07 Jul 2020 11:09:20 +0000 Bloomberg Good morning. Here's what you need to know to start your day. • Venture capital firms deny seeking PPP loans. • The Fed's Bostic warns the recovery is stalling. • Ghislaine Maxwell arrives in New York for hearing. Five Things You Need to Know A handful of venture capital firms said they didn't seek bailouts or get money even though yesterday's list of PPP recipients showed otherwise. Index Ventures and Foundation Capital, both listed as having been approved for more than

### Match 2
> ay was charged with falsely reporting an incident, a misdemeanor. Amy Cooper, who's White, accused the bird watcher, Christian Cooper (no relation), of threatening to attack her after he asked her to keep her dog on a leash. A video of the encounter was posted to Facebook, where it went viral. Ghislaine Maxwell, who's being held in a federal jail in New York, is likely to be formally charged and enter a plea on July 14. District Judge Alison Nathan proposed the hearing be held by videoconference. The former Jeffrey Epstein associate agreed to the remote hearing and the date in a letter to the judge.

### Match 3
> The Bloomberg Open <noreplygmail.bloombergbusiness.com> To: Subject: PPP puzzle Date: Tue, 07 Jul 2020 11:09:20 +0000 Bloomberg Good morning. Here's what you need to know to start your day. • Venture capital firms deny seeking PPP loans. • The Fed's Bostic warns the recovery is stalling. • Ghislaine Maxwell arrives in New York for hearing. Five Things You Need to Know A handful of venture capital firms said they didn't seek bailouts or get money even though yesterday's list of PPP recipients showed otherwise. Index Ventures and Foundation Capital, both listed as having been approved for m

### Match 4
> ay was charged with falsely reporting an incident, a misdemeanor. Amy Cooper, who's White, accused the bird watcher, Christian Cooper (no relation), of threatening to attack her after he asked her to keep her dog on a leash. A video of the encounter was posted to Facebook, where it went viral. Ghislaine Maxwell, who's being held in a federal jail in New York, is likely to be formally charged and enter a plea on July 14. District Judge Alison Nathan proposed the hearing be held by videoconference. The former Jeffrey Epstein associate agreed to the remote hearing and the date in a letter to the
