# EFTA02593223

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: doctor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|'eevacation@ mail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, November 4, 2014 8:28 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: did she get fired? i dn't want to cause any prob=ems On =ue, Nov 4, 2014 at 4:19 PM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Ok, I have no idea. Does that change your mind...? Date: Tue, 4 =ov 2014 13:56:31 -0400 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@ mail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> To: =br>

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, November 4, 2014 8:28 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: did she get fired? i dn't want to cause any prob=ems On =ue, Nov 4, 2014 at 4:19 PM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Ok, I have no idea. Does that change your mind...? Date: Tue, 4 =ov 2014 13:56:31 -0400 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@ mail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> To: =br> I was just told that she just resigned? robin <=div> On Tue, Nov 4, 2014 at 10:53 AM, Eva Dubin <evadubin=hot

**[FULL]:** 4 at 4:19 PM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Ok, I have no idea. Does that change your mind...? Date: Tue, 4 =ov 2014 13:56:31 -0400 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@ mail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> To: =br> I was just told that she just resigned? robin <=div> On Tue, Nov 4, 2014 at 10:53 AM, Eva Dubin <evadubin=hotmail.com <mailto > wrote: I think that is perfect1'''' 1'' Date:=Tue, 4 Nov 2014 06:17:20 -0400 Subject: From: 'eevacation@ mail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> To: <=a> I would like to deidcate the room the robin sol=man , not a doctor if that is ok? <=iv> please note=br>

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, November 4, 2014 8:28 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
did she get fired? i dn't want to cause any prob=ems 
On =ue, Nov 4, 2014 at 4:19 PM, Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
Ok, I have no idea. Does that change your mind...? 
Date: Tue, 4 =ov 2014 13:56:31 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@ mail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> 
To: 
=br> 
I was just told that she just resigned? robin 
<=div> 
On Tue, Nov 4, 2014 at 10:53 AM, Eva Dubin <evadubin=hotmail.com <mailto 
> wrote: 
I think that is perfect1'''' 1'' 
Date:=Tue, 4 Nov 2014 06:17:20 -0400 
Subject: 
From: 'eevacation@ mail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> 
To: 
<=a> 
I would like to deidcate the room the robin sol=man , not a doctor if that is ok? 
<=iv> 
please note=br> 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential= may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, =nd is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of=br>JEE 
EFTA_R1_01776449 
EFTA02593223

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication=or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you =ave received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately =y 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= target.> , and 
destroy this communic=tion and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all =ights reserved 
=C24> 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only =or 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthoriz=d use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
return e-mail o= by e-mail to j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies =hereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is 
confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If =ou have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and 
destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01776450 
EFTA02593224

