# EFTA02356648

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: foundation, philanthrop

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Bill Gates|
|Sent|Monday, December 8, 2014 3:03 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Bill Gates MEM> Sent: Thursday, December 11, 2014 8:30 PM To: jeffrey E. Cc: Larry Cohen Subject: RE: I enjoyed the breakfast a lot. All of the attendees were interesting people. We managed to talk about philanthropy enough to get their reaction without putting them on the spot too much. It is pre

**[FULL]:** tinue to spend time on. In terms or the DAF I don't think we have any people at this point who will move to do something soon. It is a good idea but it won't come together with 4-6 partners anytime soon. From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Monday, December 8, 2014 3:03 PM To: Bill Gates EFTA_R1_01341683 EFTA02356648 Subject: feedback? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use,

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Bill Gates MEM> 
Sent: 
Thursday, December 11, 2014 8:30 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Cc: 
Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
RE: 
I enjoyed the breakfast a lot. 
All of the attendees were interesting people. 
We managed to talk about philanthropy enough to get their reaction without putting them on the spot too much. 
It is pretty clear to me that someone young like Josh wants he and his family to have a more hands on approach than 
delegating 60% of giving to a set of causes we manage. 
I had less of a sense of how Ron thinks about his giving. He might be a candidate for the large DAF approach where the 
Foundation helps with some of the giving. 
Reid is always fascinating to talk to. He is also young enough and managing his work without extreme hours so he will 
want to be more hands on. 
So I think the breakfast was a success in terms of relationships I value and will continue to spend time on. 
In terms or the DAF I don't think we have any people at this point who will move to do something soon. 
It is a good idea but it won't come together with 4-6 partners anytime soon. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, December 8, 2014 3:03 PM 
To: Bill Gates 
EFTA_R1_01341683 
EFTA02356648

Subject: 
feedback? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01341684 
EFTA02356649

