# EFTA02578183

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff <MIIMI > Sent: Wednesday, December 4, 2013 12:39 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Andrew Farkas/Barak Andrew would love to come to the 3pm meeting today and sit in with Barak. Ho=ever he must make a Call at 3:15 and would need to excuse himself for a fe= minutes. He is asking if this would be ok and certainly understands if it w=uld be better to not come at all. Please advise if ok

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff <MIIMI > Sent: Wednesday, December 4, 2013 12:39 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Andrew Farkas/Barak Andrew would love to come to the 3pm meeting today and sit in with Barak. Ho=ever he must make a Call at 3:15 and would need to excuse himself for a fe= minutes. He is asking if this would be ok and certainly understands if it w=uld be better to not come at all. Please advise if ok for Andrew to come a

**[WORD]:** as/Barak Andrew would love to come to the 3pm meeting today and sit in with Barak. Ho=ever he must make a Call at 3:15 and would need to excuse himself for a fe= minutes. He is asking if this would be ok and certainly understands if it w=uld be better to not come at all. Please advise if ok for Andrew to come at 3:00, excuse himself at 3:15 for a=call and then join back in on the meeting Sent from my iPhone=?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> <plist version=.0"> <dict> <key>conversation-id</

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lesley Groff <MIIMI
> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, December 4, 2013 12:39 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Andrew Farkas/Barak 
Andrew would love to come to the 3pm meeting today and sit in with Barak. Ho=ever he must make a Call at 3:15 and 
would need to excuse himself for a fe= minutes. He is asking if this would be ok and certainly understands if it w=uld be 
better to not come at all. 
Please advise if ok for Andrew to come at 3:00, excuse himself at 3:15 for a=call and then join back in on the meeting 
Sent from my iPhone=?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" 
"http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>275295</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1386160759</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195717</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>367714</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01751644 
EFTA02578183

