# EFTA02597129

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, December 22, 2014 2:13 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: no. I will come to palm 24-27. if you want to=come visit i will have my plane take you both ways On Sun, Dec 21, 2014 at 9:40 PM= Eva Dubin < > wrote: Is there any way I can help....?<=div> My mom starts chemo tomorrow Sent from my iPhone <=r>On Dec 21, 2014, at 1:48 PM, jeffr

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, December 22, 2014 2:13 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: no. I will come to palm 24-27. if you want to=come visit i will have my plane take you both ways On Sun, Dec 21, 2014 at 9:40 PM= Eva Dubin < > wrote: Is there any way I can help....?<=div> My mom starts chemo tomorrow Sent from my iPhone <=r>On Dec 21, 2014, at 1:48 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacatio=@gmail.com> wrote: =/div> sultan broke his neck=C2*. please note T=e information contained in this commun

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, December 22, 2014 2:13 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
no. I will come to palm 24-27. if you want to=come visit i will have my plane take you both ways 
On Sun, Dec 21, 2014 at 9:40 PM= Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
Is there any way I can help....?<=div> 
My mom starts chemo tomorrow 
Sent from my iPhone 
<=r>On Dec 21, 2014, at 1:48 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacatio=@gmail.com> wrote: 
=/div> 
sultan broke his neck=C2*. 
please note 
T=e information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be a=torney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is int=nded only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
communication or any pa=t thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have recei=ed this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retu=n e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication an= all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights r=served 
=C24k please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
EFTA_R1_01782485 
EFTA02597129

c=nstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of 
TEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or co=ying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com.c/=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01782486 
EFTA02597130

