# EFTA02351866

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Friday, August 22, 2014 11:40 AM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: israel From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Friday, August 22, 2014 at 7:=7 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: great, wher are you now? On Fri, Aug 22, 2014 at 7:17 AM, Jean Luc Brunel= wrote: Will be

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Friday, August 22, 2014 11:40 AM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: israel From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Friday, August 22, 2014 at 7:=7 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: great, wher are you now? On Fri, Aug 22, 2014 at 7:17 AM, Jean Luc Brunel= wrote: Will be in NY on sunday Sent from Samsung Mobile please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information,

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Friday, August 22, 2014 11:40 AM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Re: israel From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Friday, August 22, 2014 at 7:=7 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: great, wher are you now? On Fri, Aug 22, 2014 at 7:17 AM, Jean Luc Brunel= wrote: Will be in NY on sunday Sent from Samsung Mobile please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: 
Friday, August 22, 2014 11:40 AM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
israel 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Friday, August 22, 2014 at 7:=7 AM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: Re: 
great, wher are you now? 
On Fri, Aug 22, 2014 at 7:17 AM, Jean Luc Brunel= 
wrote: 
Will be in NY on sunday 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01330513 
EFTA02351866

