# EFTA02437997

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmall.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Thu Oct 08 06:24:49 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationeggmail.com[jeevacation©gmaitcom] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Thur 10/8/2009 11:23:22 AM Subject: Re: I have been eaten by my centerline deal. 20hrs/7 days. Business plan has become more compelling daily and so I am sprinting to the finish line. How r u? Miss u. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmall.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Oct

**[WORD]:** m] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Thur 10/8/2009 11:23:22 AM Subject: Re: I have been eaten by my centerline deal. 20hrs/7 days. Business plan has become more compelling daily and so I am sprinting to the finish line. How r u? Miss u. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmall.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Oct 08 06:24:49 2009 Subject: you've gone dark.. where are you? send me photos of the house. *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside info

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationeggmail.com[jeevacation©gmaitcom] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Thur 10/8/2009 11:23:22 AM 
Subject: Re: 
I have been eaten by my centerline deal. 20hrs/7 days. Business plan has become more compelling daily and so 
I am sprinting to the finish line. How r u? Miss u. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmall.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Thu Oct 08 06:24:49 2009 
Subject: 
you've gone dark.. where are you? send me photos of the house. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01510990 
EFTA02437997

