# EFTA02664207

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: doctor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: To: Subject: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Wednesday, January 18, 2017 2:01 AM Eva Dubin Re: sorry galsky? On Tue, Jan 17, 2017 at 10:00 PM, Eva Dubin I have never heard of him.. Is he a doctor?? Sent from my iPhone wrote: On Jan 17, 2017, at 8:52 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: gallesky , is he a good guy. please note The informat

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: To: Subject: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Wednesday, January 18, 2017 2:01 AM Eva Dubin Re: sorry galsky? On Tue, Jan 17, 2017 at 10:00 PM, Eva Dubin I have never heard of him.. Is he a doctor?? Sent from my iPhone wrote: On Jan 17, 2017, at 8:52 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: gallesky , is he a good guy. please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be atto

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Wednesday, January 18, 2017 2:01 AM 
Eva Dubin 
Re: 
sorry galsky? 
On Tue, Jan 17, 2017 at 10:00 PM, Eva Dubin 
I have never heard of him.. 
Is he a doctor?? 
Sent from my iPhone 
wrote: 
On Jan 17, 2017, at 8:52 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: 
gallesky , is he a good guy. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01913999 
EFTA02664207

The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disdos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
FFTA_R1_01914000 
EFTA02664208

