# EFTA00022181 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Mon a Novem • er 29 2021 12:59 PM
- **Subject:** Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -opens

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From To Subject: FW: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --)pens Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 18:02:01 +0000 Good luck!!! Proud of you guys!!! From: Sent: Mon a Novem • er 29 2021 12:59 PM To: Cc: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- t Li • - 00 •• >• IL k < IL I 6: • . •• >• Subject:

### Match 2
> 29 Nov 2021 18:02:01 +0000 Good luck!!! Proud of you guys!!! From: Sent: Mon a Novem • er 29 2021 12:59 PM To: Cc: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- t Li • - 00 •• >• IL k < IL I 6: • . •• >• Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -opens We (finally!) have our jury. Preliminary instructions are happening now, anMy ill open after lunch, around 1:45. Come support! Sent from my iPhone On Nov 28, 2021, at 9:59 A ote: There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex crimes that

### Match 3
> From To Subject: FW: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --)pens Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 18:02:01 +0000 Good luck!!! Proud of you guys!!! From: Sent: Mon a Novem • er 29 2021 12:59 PM To: Cc: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- t Li • - 00 •• >• IL k < IL I 6: • . •• >• S

### Match 4
> 29 Nov 2021 18:02:01 +0000 Good luck!!! Proud of you guys!!! From: Sent: Mon a Novem • er 29 2021 12:59 PM To: Cc: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSAS@usa.doj.gov>, USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- t Li • - 00 •• >• IL k < IL I 6: • . •• >• Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell -opens We (finally!) have our jury. Preliminary instructions are happening now, anMy ill open after lunch, around 1:45. Come support! Sent from my iPhone On Nov 28, 2021, at 9:59 A ote: There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex cri

### Match 5
> have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable. "Swill open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318 Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906
