# EFTA00013446 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** "I
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** RE:

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> bt we will continue to talk regularly about MCC and our other cases together. Best, From: . (NY) (FBI) < > Sent: Thursday, May 7, 2020 10:53 AM To: (USANYS) Cc: (CID) (FBI) < Subject: >; (USANYS) Thank you for the call and the update on the Epstein investigation with regard to charging Ghislaine Maxwell. As I mentioned, (copied) has been chosen as the permanent ASAC for the NYO's Violent Crime/Gang Branch of the Criminal Division. will be coordinating with you, and the rest of the team as we move forward. To rehash some of the points regarding Maxwell to get up to speed with the latest: S

### Match 2
> bt we will continue to talk regularly about MCC and our other cases together. Best, From: . (NY) (FBI) < > Sent: Thursday, May 7, 2020 10:53 AM To: (USANYS) Cc: (CID) (FBI) < Subject: >; (USANYS) Thank you for the call and the update on the Epstein investigation with regard to charging Ghislaine Maxwell. As I mentioned, (copied) has been chosen as the permanent ASAC for the NYO's Violent Crime/Gang Branch of the Criminal Division. will be coordinating with you, and the rest of the team as we move forward. To rehash some of the points regarding Maxwell to get up to speed with the la

### Match 3
> ation with regard to charging Ghislaine Maxwell. As I mentioned, (copied) has been chosen as the permanent ASAC for the NYO's Violent Crime/Gang Branch of the Criminal Division. will be coordinating with you, and the rest of the team as we move forward. To rehash some of the points regarding Maxwell to get up to speed with the latest: SDNY is close to a final decision on charging Maxwell regarding her complicity in Epstein's sex trafficking FBI believes (as of January) that Maxwell is still living with a friend in the Boston suburb of Manchester by the Sea Confirmed by historical pen regis

### Match 4
> as the permanent ASAC for the NYO's Violent Crime/Gang Branch of the Criminal Division. will be coordinating with you, and the rest of the team as we move forward. To rehash some of the points regarding Maxwell to get up to speed with the latest: SDNY is close to a final decision on charging Maxwell regarding her complicity in Epstein's sex trafficking FBI believes (as of January) that Maxwell is still living with a friend in the Boston suburb of Manchester by the Sea Confirmed by historical pen register with cell site location and subpoenas to Amazon for delivery location Since traditional

### Match 5
> coordinating with you, and the rest of the team as we move forward. To rehash some of the points regarding Maxwell to get up to speed with the latest: SDNY is close to a final decision on charging Maxwell regarding her complicity in Epstein's sex trafficking FBI believes (as of January) that Maxwell is still living with a friend in the Boston suburb of Manchester by the Sea Confirmed by historical pen register with cell site location and subpoenas to Amazon for delivery location Since traditional surveillance, including a pole camera, are not suitable due to the secluded location, and in ord
