# EFTA00030487 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 7

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Sunday, November 22, 2020 6:34 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Questions re Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: Cc a (USANYS)' <SI To: Subject: RE: Questions re Maxwell Date: Mon, 23 Nov 2020 15:50:24 +0000 Attachments: 2020-11-23_GM_Ietter update_re_MDC_conditions_v2.docx Good morning, Attached is the final version of the letter to Judge Nathan This is the final version that we plan to file. Please let me know ASAP if anything in this letter is inaccurate.

### Match 2
> Please let me know ASAP if anything in this letter is inaccurate. Thanks very much, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York. NY 10007 From: (USANYS) Sent: Sunday, November 22, 2020 6:34 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) < Subject: RE: Questions re Maxwell Attached please find a draft update letter to Jud e Nathan. Please let me know b the end of the da tomorrow (11/23) if Also, if you could please get me responses to the two questions in my below email tomorrow, I'd be very grateful. Happy to have a call if that would be useful. Assistant United

### Match 3
> py to have a call if that would be useful. Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza EFTA00030487 New York, NY 10007 From: Sent: Friday, November 20, 2020 2:34 PM To: Nicole McFarland c ).; Sophia Papapetru sca , Cc: (USANYS) Subject: Questions re Maxwell I just got a call froa and we discussed a number of issues regarding Maxwell. The two issues I wanted to follow up with you about are below: • Maxwell is reporting that a staff member named o. was part of the group that included a COVID positive individual but-is still working at the MDC.

### Match 4
> outhern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza EFTA00030487 New York, NY 10007 From: Sent: Friday, November 20, 2020 2:34 PM To: Nicole McFarland c ).; Sophia Papapetru sca , Cc: (USANYS) Subject: Questions re Maxwell I just got a call froa and we discussed a number of issues regarding Maxwell. The two issues I wanted to follow up with you about are below: • Maxwell is reporting that a staff member named o. was part of the group that included a COVID positive individual but-is still working at the MDC. Would you please check on that for me? • Maxwell reported that a staff membe

### Match 5
> Y 10007 From: Sent: Friday, November 20, 2020 2:34 PM To: Nicole McFarland c ).; Sophia Papapetru sca , Cc: (USANYS) Subject: Questions re Maxwell I just got a call froa and we discussed a number of issues regarding Maxwell. The two issues I wanted to follow up with you about are below: • Maxwell is reporting that a staff member named o. was part of the group that included a COVID positive individual but-is still working at the MDC. Would you please check on that for me? • Maxwell reported that a staff member entered her cell while she was inside it and took photographs of her cell

### Match 6
> number of issues regarding Maxwell. The two issues I wanted to follow up with you about are below: • Maxwell is reporting that a staff member named o. was part of the group that included a COVID positive individual but-is still working at the MDC. Would you please check on that for me? • Maxwell reported that a staff member entered her cell while she was inside it and took photographs of her cell today. Anything you can share with me about the purpose of that? More generall indicated that she believes Maxwell's mental health is deteriorating significantly because of the constant survei

### Match 7
> but-is still working at the MDC. Would you please check on that for me? • Maxwell reported that a staff member entered her cell while she was inside it and took photographs of her cell today. Anything you can share with me about the purpose of that? More generall indicated that she believes Maxwell's mental health is deteriorating significantly because of the constant survei ance she is experiencing. She reports being awoken in the night by a light shining into her eyes multiple times a night, being searched more frequently than other inmates, and having a camera constantly pointed at her i
