# EFTA00020425 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf®ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf®ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** <1
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "New Case ADDED"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 03/29/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: NEW CASE 21-770, on behalf of Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED.[3065988] [21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Ms. Mr. Assistant U.S. Attorney: mana m clerksoffice cohengresser.com Assistant U.S. Attorney: rilig stemheim, sistant U.S. Attorne : ecf®stemheimlaw.com Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Quality Control 1 The

### Match 2
> copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 03/29/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: NEW CASE 21-770, on behalf of Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED.[3065988] [21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Ms. Mr. Assistant U.S. Attorney: mana m clerksoffice cohengresser.com Assistant U.S. Attorney: rilig stemheim, sistant U.S. Attorne : ecf®stemheimlaw.com Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Quality Contro

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf®ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf®ca2.uscourts.gov> To: <1 Subject: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "New Case ADDED" Date: Mon, 29 Mar 2021 20:54:24 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electronically, if r

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 03/29/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(s) Docket Text: NEW CASE 21-770, on behalf of Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED.[3065988] [21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Ms. Mr. Assistant U.S. Attorney: mana m clerksoffice cohengresser.com Assistant U.S. Attorney: rilig stemheim, sista
