# EFTA00015019 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 18 Nov 2020 23:29:16 +0000 What number should I call? ,;cro On Nov 18, 2020, at 5:59 PM te: Please call me at your earliest convenience. >>> BOBBI C STERNHEI 11/18/2020 5:51 PM >» Hi Nicole- I have a confirmed legal call scheduled for tomorrow (Thursday) and a confirmed

### Match 2
> umber should I call? ,;cro On Nov 18, 2020, at 5:59 PM te: Please call me at your earliest convenience. >>> BOBBI C STERNHEI 11/18/2020 5:51 PM >» Hi Nicole- I have a confirmed legal call scheduled for tomorrow (Thursday) and a confirmed in-person visit scheduled for Saturday with my client, Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509. I am informed that Ms. Maxwell received a nasal swab test today and is being placed in the SHU for 14 days. Please confirm: -whether she I being quarantined. If so, please explain: - the reason for the quarantine - the duration of the quarantine - whether she will be given legal

### Match 3
> From: To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 18 Nov 2020 23:29:16 +0000 What number should I call? ,;cro On Nov 18, 2020, at 5:59 PM te: Please call me at your earliest convenience. >>> BOBBI C STERNHEI 11/18/2020 5:51 PM >» Hi Nicole- I have a confirmed legal call scheduled for tomorrow (Thursday) and a c

### Match 4
> umber should I call? ,;cro On Nov 18, 2020, at 5:59 PM te: Please call me at your earliest convenience. >>> BOBBI C STERNHEI 11/18/2020 5:51 PM >» Hi Nicole- I have a confirmed legal call scheduled for tomorrow (Thursday) and a confirmed in-person visit scheduled for Saturday with my client, Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509. I am informed that Ms. Maxwell received a nasal swab test today and is being placed in the SHU for 14 days. Please confirm: -whether she I being quarantined. If so, please explain: - the reason for the quarantine - the duration of the quarantine - whether she will be give

### Match 5
> :59 PM te: Please call me at your earliest convenience. >>> BOBBI C STERNHEI 11/18/2020 5:51 PM >» Hi Nicole- I have a confirmed legal call scheduled for tomorrow (Thursday) and a confirmed in-person visit scheduled for Saturday with my client, Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509. I am informed that Ms. Maxwell received a nasal swab test today and is being placed in the SHU for 14 days. Please confirm: -whether she I being quarantined. If so, please explain: - the reason for the quarantine - the duration of the quarantine - whether she will be given legal calls - whether her legal visits are cance
