# EFTA02470260

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5'|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** r 8, 2016 at 10:47 AM, =ichard Kahn wrote: attached was sent from both =organ Stanley and Wells Fargo please advise thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 fax 646-350-0954 <tel:646-350-0954> Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5' EFTA_R1_01581157 EFTA02470260 Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 Par: =mTrust Financial Services (AFSI) Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred =tock; 7.75% - 7.875% Fixed for Life Date: =/b>March 8, 2016 at 10:13:33 AM =ST To: =/b>"Richard Kahn Good Morning Rich, Want to show STC another =ew issue p

**[WORD]:** king capital, =apital expenditures and/or strategic acquisitions &nb=p; DRD/QDI =ligible: Yes, See =ed for tax and withholding details Subject to US Tax =ithholding for NRA =lients: =nbsp; &n=sp; Yes* &nb=p; Expected =isting: =NYSE Timing: &n=sp; &nbs=; Today's =usiness Speak soon, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas First Vice President Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Financial Advisor Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 3 EFTA_R1_01581159 EFTA02470262 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor New York, =Y 10104 <tel:%2B1%20212%20705%204592> NMLS ID # =326736 Important Notice =o Recipi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Tuesday, March 8, 2016 4:14 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: New Issue $25 Par. AmTrust Financial Services (AFSI) Non-Cumulative Perpetual 
Preferred Stock; 7.75% - 7.875% Fixed for Life 
working on it now and it will take all day - hope to have =ough draft late this afternoon or tomorrow am 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
fax 646-350-0954 
On Mar 8, 2016, at 11:12 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
cash flow? 
On Tue, Mar 8, 2016 at 10:47 AM, =ichard Kahn 
wrote: 
attached was sent from both =organ Stanley and Wells Fargo 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
fax 646-350-0954 <tel:646-350-0954> 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew 5' 
EFTA_R1_01581157 
EFTA02470260

Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 Par: =mTrust Financial Services (AFSI) Non-Cumulative Perpetual 
Preferred =tock; 7.75% - 7.875% Fixed for Life 
Date: =/b>March 8, 2016 at 10:13:33 AM =ST 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn 
Good Morning Rich, 
Want to show STC another =ew issue preferred that Morgan Stanley is pricing today. 
Details: 
$25 Par New Issue =yndicate Offering: 
AmTrust Financial Services (AFSI) 
&nb=p; 
Issuer: 
&n=sp; 
AmTrust Financial =ervices (Ticker: AFSI) 
&nb=p; 
Securities =ffered: 
Depositary =hares, Each Representing 1/40th of a Share of _% Non-
Cumulative =referred Stock, Series E. 
&nb=p; 
Size: 
&nbs=; 
=75mm (3mm $25 par shares) 
&nb=p; 
Expected =atings: 
=mBest bb+ 
Maturity: 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Perpetual 
&nb=p; 
Price =alk: 
&nb=p; 
= 7.75% - 7.875% 
2 
EFTA_R1_01581158 
EFTA02470261

&nb=p; 
Offer =rice: 
&n=sp; 
=25.00 
&nb=p; 
Dividends: =nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
=ayable when, as and if declared on the 15th of March, 
June, September =nd December beginning on 6/15/16, Fixed for =ife 
&nbs=; 
&nb=p; 
Optional Redemption: Callable at par on or after =/xx/2021 
&nb=p; 
Use of =roceeds: 
= General corporate purposes, which may include working capital, 
=apital expenditures and/or strategic acquisitions 
&nb=p; 
DRD/QDI =ligible: 
Yes, See =ed for tax and withholding details 
Subject to US Tax =ithholding for NRA =lients: 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
Yes* 
&nb=p; 
Expected =isting: 
=NYSE 
Timing: 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
Today's =usiness 
Speak soon, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
First Vice President 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Financial Advisor 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
3 
EFTA_R1_01581159 
EFTA02470262

1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor New York, =Y 10104 
<tel:%2B1%20212%20705%204592> 
NMLS ID # =326736 
Important Notice =o Recipients: 
= Fax: +1 212 705 4592 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any =ecurity or 
commodity. Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this =-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan 
Stanley"). If you have =eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the 
sender immediately. Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley 
reserves the right, =o the extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is 
subject to terms available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If 
you cannot access this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with 
Morgan Stanley you consent to =he foregoing. 
please note 
The information contained in this =ommunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client =rivileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is =ntended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the =roperty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure =r copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have =eceived this 
communication in error, please notify us =mmediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this =ommunication and all copies thereof, 
including all =ttachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01581160 
EFTA02470263

5 
EFTA_R1_01581161 
EFTA02470264

