# EFTA02323553

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Feierstein, Kimberl ; Eva Andersson|
|Sent|Tue Dec 21 17:06:19 2010|
|Subject|PB|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Cc: Subject: Tuesday, December 21, 2010 10:24 PM Feierstein, Kimberly Janusz Banasiak; Re: PB They should call Janusz like last time. On Dec 21, 2010, at 6:18 PM, "Feierstein, Kimberly" wrote: Hey, so should they call someone when they arrive? Thanks. From: To: Feierstein, Kimberl ; Eva Andersson Sent: Tue Dec 21 17:06:19 2010 Subject: PB Hi Eva and Kimberly, It is fine for Dan and to stay at the Palm Beach staff house from Dec.30-Jan.lst.. Have a great holiday. This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. If you are

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: 
Tuesday, December 21, 2010 10:24 PM 
Feierstein, Kimberly 
Janusz Banasiak; 
Re: PB 
They should call Janusz like last time. 
On Dec 21, 2010, at 6:18 PM, "Feierstein, Kimberly" 
wrote: 
Hey, so should they call someone when they arrive? Thanks. 
From: 
To: Feierstein, Kimberl ; Eva Andersson 
Sent: Tue Dec 21 17:06:19 2010 
Subject: PB 
Hi Eva and Kimberly, 
It is fine for Dan and 
to stay at the Palm Beach staff house from Dec.30-Jan.lst.. 
Have a great holiday. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. 
If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-
mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the 
sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01238365 
EFTA02323553

