# EFTA02371833

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Saturday, December 1, 2012 7:14 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Try my cell now Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sat, 1 Dec 2012 18:07:04 To: Subject: Re: where are you. ? number/? =0A=0A=n Sat,

**[FULL]:** ber 1, 2012 7:14 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Try my cell now Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sat, 1 Dec 2012 18:07:04 To: Subject: Re: where are you. ? number/? =0A=0A=n Sat, Dec 1, 2012 at 7:01 PM, Eva Dubin mailto > wrote: =0A=ok. Could you live in Oslo??? =0A=0A=0A=0A- =ate: Sat, 1 Dec 2012 18:59:09 +0100 =ubject: Re: =rom: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> =o: <mailto: > = =es„ oslo ws freezing , i spent the ni ht and now back in paris =0A=0A=n Sat, Dec 1, 2012 at 6:18 P

**[FULL]:** ailto > wrote: =0A=ok. Could you live in Oslo??? =0A=0A=0A=0A- =ate: Sat, 1 Dec 2012 18:59:09 +0100 =ubject: Re: =rom: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> =o: <mailto: > = =es„ oslo ws freezing , i spent the ni ht and now back in paris =0A=0A=n Sat, Dec 1, 2012 at 6:18 PM, Eva Dubin mailt wrote: =0A=Are you safe?? Did you land in Oslo?? =0A=0A=- =he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =constitute inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =naut

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Saturday, December 1, 2012 7:14 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Try my cell now 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 1 Dec 2012 18:07:04 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
where are you. ? number/? 
=0A=0A=n Sat, Dec 1, 2012 at 7:01 PM, Eva Dubin 
mailto 
>  wrote: 
=0A=ok. Could you live in Oslo??? 
=0A=0A=0A=0A-
=ate: Sat, 1 Dec 2012 18:59:09 +0100 
=ubject: Re: 
=rom: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
=o: 
<mailto:
> = =es„ oslo ws freezing , i spent the ni ht and now back 
in paris =0A=0A=n Sat, Dec 1, 2012 at 6:18 PM, Eva Dubin 
mailt 
wrote: 
=0A=Are you safe?? Did you land in Oslo?? 
=0A=0A=-
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=OA= 
=0A=0A=-
-sxssssssxsxx 
***** 
**IL** sssssxsssxssxx 
******** 
it* ********** 
,t* 
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"b <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<clict> 
EFTA_R1_01374917 
EFTA02371833

<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1354389250</real> 
<kepflags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox<Aey> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/AII%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>261206</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01374918 
EFTA02371834

