# EFTA02443674

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: president, hillary

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** n! Our Female Economist and BBB Gala is now a huge event and we had like 6 big newspaper articles and a full house of important people....all really thanks to you!!Next year we'll have a big 10 year anniversary and I hope you can come! I set the date for June 7th, 2010. As you know I had invited Hillary Clinton to come as inspirational speaker but she got busy since I asked her, perhaps we get her to come next year, the school could always give her my honorary doctor's degree..that way she will come! Anyway, did you get tho hfr, photo yet with many of the girls on the staircase? The Me blond g

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
'eevacation 
mail.com 'eeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: 
Check out Diana DeGette - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 
Tue 6/16/2009 5:13:50 PM 
Click here: Diana DeGette - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia 
Dear Jeffrey, 
Good to be back in the U.S. again after over a month in Sweden! Our Female Economist and BBB Gala is now 
a huge event and we had like 6 big newspaper articles and a full house of important people....all really thanks to 
you!!Next year we'll have a big 10 year anniversary and I hope you can come! I set the date for June 7th, 2010. 
As you know I had invited Hillary Clinton to come as inspirational speaker but she got busy since I asked her, 
perhaps we get her to come next year, the school could always give her my honorary doctor's degree..that way 
she will come! Anyway, did you get tho hfr, photo yet with many of the girls on the staircase? The Me blond girl 
in the pink dress behind me there, 
also sings like an angel, she performed at our Gala as well and will 
also perform at the formal 100 year anniversary for the king and queen Sept 11 , she is very pretty I think...! 
Marcus thought so too and I notice you seem to have similar taste..! where I am supposed to walk around with 
my new fine medal! // - I am sending you some info on this congress woman who seems cool, I like the title of 
her book / Sex Science and Stemcells 
because of U.S. Ethics Committee, we invited her via SSE and 
Barbro's Fund, the president Lars Bergman signed the letter, but it is really Karolinska Institutet who will benefit 
in addition to our summit. / What happens with you / are you always out???Wow, almost a full year now..?!! 
How do you feel now? 
Will be in touch soon again! 
kram, be 
An Excellent Credit Score is 750. See Yours in Just 2 Easy Steps! 
EFTA_R1_01519110 
EFTA02443674

