# EFTA02436635

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD, ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation, philanthrop, mit

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent|Mon, Sep 7, 2009 11:26 pm|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[ORG]:** ke and heart attack. Stuff like that! Since you've been out of the loop some interesting stuff has happened to me. I've been writing for the FT style section (under a fake name) and friendly with some of the fancy designer types. Good practice for me! Still working on Special Initiatives at the Gates Foundation and also reviewing the very crazy stuff that comes our way. I think you have a much better sense of the real vs. fake than Bill does. I manage several different portfolios of Special Projects whose grants/commitments total about S315M. It's crazy to think about the amount of money. Wow.

**[WORD]:** to be) and during that time I will be Mayor of Harare (in Zimbabwe) for a week. I'm excited about that! Also still doing brain surgery and contemplating going back for more training (only because the non-invasive/high tech stuff is making me feel like a dinosaur!). I just don't want to leave my Gates job and a little worried if I take any more time to be a doc, they will fire me. Not sure what to do but ultimately, I think I have more longevity as a superfly doc than I do working at the Foundation. Steve is doing fine - we just celebrated being together 10 years. Who would've thought? He's

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
'eevacation 
maitcon[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 9/8/2009 4:01:48 PM 
Subject: Re: 
oh my. someone has been feeding you misinformation. first of all, we have a hypothalamus and 
the sweat that is released during hot yoga ensures that our internal organs and core temperature 
remains constant. second, it isn't endorphins that are released. It's more likely acetylcholine or 
nitric oxide. it's paradoxical because it is highly parasympathetic but still has elevated heart rate -
probably as a result of the vagus nerve in check. it is very interesting that people who do yoga do 
not catch infectious disease, alzheimers or parkinsons. it's not the fake converse thing where you 
can say that alzheimers/parkinsons/sick people can't do yoga...it's the real deal. if you do a lot of 
yoga for a lot of years, you just dont get sick from diseases that are traditionally neurotransmitter-
mediated. it's also super interesting that women who get botox and do hot yoga only have the 
effects of the botox for 2-4 weeks (1/3 the regular time). 
i've measured my temperature during yoga and tracked heart rate with an ekg. very interesting. 
too much to type! 
hang on more soon... 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: 
Sent: Mon, Sep 7, 2009 11:26 pm 
Subject: Re: 
lots of science people.. code breaking, signal processing. pychopharm, membrane computing. all 
HOt yoga is not healthy, internal organ temp too high, of course you like it, endo-release up 
to kazoo.. liver them goes way off---Do you have a metric for success of the philanthropy. 
Mayor of Harare, sounds great. salary billion dollars a day. 
On Mon, Sep 7, 2009 at 11:49 PM, 
wrote: 
Well, I certainly have missed you. 
I know that you are a keen observer and probably took away some interesting lessons. 
I'm sorry that you had to go through all this crap - 
Are you still doing science? Some super cool stuff out there. 
EFTA_R1_01509201 
EFTA02436635

I've also got some very crazy ideas of my own that we should talk about. Crazy even for me, 
but probably right. I think herpes causes a few types of heart disease and treating it prevents 
stroke and heart attack. Stuff like that! 
Since you've been out of the loop some interesting stuff has happened to me. 
I've been writing for the FT style section (under a fake name) and friendly with some of the 
fancy designer types. Good practice for me! 
Still working on Special Initiatives at the Gates Foundation and also reviewing the very crazy 
stuff that comes our way. I think you have a much better sense of the real vs. fake than Bill 
does. 
I manage several different portfolios of Special Projects whose grants/commitments total 
about S315M. It's crazy to think about the amount of money. Wow. 
In November I am doing my annual site vists in Africa (I try to do them all at once, Africa is a 
tough place to be) and during that time I will be Mayor of Harare (in Zimbabwe) for a week. 
I'm excited about that! 
Also still doing brain surgery and contemplating going back for more training (only because 
the non-invasive/high tech stuff is making me feel like a dinosaur!). I just don't want to leave 
my Gates job and a little worried if I take any more time to be a doc, they will fire me. Not 
sure what to do but ultimately, I think I have more longevity as a superfly doc than I do 
working at the Foundation. 
Steve is doing fine - we just celebrated being together 10 years. Who would've thought? He's 
way up there at MSFT these days and pretty much hates his job. 
I discovered hot yoga after all these years. Love it! 
Well, I think that's about it for the past few months that you have been away. 
I really have missed you a lot. 
Hope that you are starting to feel back to normal and if there is anything I can do for you 
please let me know? 
Love,M 
EFTA_R1_01509202 
EFTA02436636

The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1509203 
EFTA02436637

