# EFTA02410825

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation gmail.com|
|To|evadubin|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrelteevacation©gmail.com] From: Eva Dubin Sent Sat 7/3/2010 12:29:29 PM Subject: RE: I will call her. Is she under her own name? Thank you s0000000000 much for my wallet!! I love it:) Date: Fri, 2 Jul 2010 12:21:12 -0400 Subject: From: jeevacation gmail.com To: evadubin nciole junkerman , the tal german that i used to go out with

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrelteevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent 
Sat 7/3/2010 12:29:29 PM 
Subject: RE: 
I will call her. Is she under her own name? 
Thank you s0000000000 much for my wallet!! I love it:) 
Date: Fri, 2 Jul 2010 12:21:12 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation gmail.com 
To: evadubin 
nciole junkerman , the tal german that i used to go out with is also staying at Claridges. , she aske 
dthat you give her a call.. she knows london well. and is part of the sports program. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationgsmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
Hotmail is redefining busy with tools for the New Busy. Get more from your inbox. See how, 
EFTA_R1_01471854 
EFTA02410825

