# EFTA02440639

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Wed Jul 29 06:09:30 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationiagmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Wed 7/29/2009 12:00:30 PM Subject: Re: Didn't go to nicholas' house but I have pix and will forward them. I saw this amazing house site on the water with its own beach and private dock (extremely rare). House is a mess property bought by a developer whose in trouble.... "Asking"

**[WORD]:** mess property bought by a developer whose in trouble.... "Asking" 50 million eur's...he's got all the plans and permits for renovation. Jeffrey steiner's house is on the mkt for a ridiculous price 60 mil ....but apparently the family is now getting anxious to sell. G From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Wed Jul 29 06:09:30 2009 Subject: south of franc houses? This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying o

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationiagmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent 
Wed 7/29/2009 12:00:30 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Didn't go to nicholas' house but I have pix and will forward them. I saw this amazing house site on the water with 
its own beach and private dock (extremely rare). House is a mess 
property bought by a developer whose in 
trouble.... "Asking" 50 million eur's...he's got all the plans and permits for renovation. Jeffrey steiner's house is on 
the mkt for a ridiculous price 60 mil ....but apparently the family is now getting anxious to sell. G 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: Wed Jul 29 06:09:30 2009 
Subject: 
south of franc houses? 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01514678 
EFTA02440639

