# EFTA02724519

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** n From: Sent: Subject: local results Fri 2/22/2013 6:45:00 PM Hi Jeffrey and Rich, I just got off the phone with Philippe at Reputation. He said that the local results are much tougher because of the greater interest in local papers (NY Post, Huffington). He also said the recent article on Prince Andrew 10 days ago set you back again, because it repeaks interest in that stuff. He said that permanent results only kick in once a block of websites rank high on the 1st page (as is the case now with your national results). It could take months for Reputation to improve your local results and that i

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeev 
ti 
m 
v cation©gmail.corn]; jeffrey epsteinlieevacation©gmail.corn]; 
Richard Kahn 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: 
local results 
Fri 2/22/2013 6:45:00 PM 
Hi Jeffrey and Rich, 
I just got off the phone with Philippe at Reputation. 
He said that the local results are much tougher because of the greater interest in local 
papers (NY Post, Huffington). He also said the recent article on Prince Andrew 10 days 
ago set you back again, because it repeaks interest in that stuff. He said that 
permanent results only kick in once a block of websites rank high on the 1st page (as is 
the case now with your national results). 
It could take months for Reputation to improve your local results and that is very costly. 
I've read that embedding "rich snippets" (local address information into the websites 
can help rank them with local results). So I will add these in. 
If you go to Google Webmaster Tools 
e in your username and password 
Geffrevepsteinorci@omail.com— 
you can see how all of your 8 websites 
are performing. 
cell: 
email: 
EFTA_R1_02211419 
EFTA02724519

