# EFTA02299517

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** l have to order it once you drop the script off. =Eva will write the script tomorrow morning when she is home and then I will=let you know when it is with their doorman (at 1040 fifth) and you can pick=it up. > Kim Original Message > From: > Sent: Wednesday, January 04, 2012 10:02 AM > To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, Kimberly > Subject: > Good morning Eva, > Just a reminder if you could please call in a prescription for me for= (What JE mentioned to you yesterday) Thank you! > Tower Chemist would work: > This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It m=y contain co

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Wednesday, January 4, 2012 8:08 PM 
To: 
Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: 
Re: RE: 
Aweso 
I 
ks. Sorry about not calling back yet. I've changed my last name=to 
but my insurance card 
still ha 
n it. Waiting for my=new card to arrive. 
On Jan 4, 2012, at 2:31 PM, "Feierstein, Kimberly" 
wrote: 
> Hi there, 
> Eva called the pharmacy. The script is a controlled substance so Eva can'= call it in. She will have to write a script. She 
checked and they don't h=ve it in stocl so they will have to order it once you drop the script off. =Eva will write the script 
tomorrow morning when she is home and then I will=let you know when it is with their doorman (at 1040 fifth) and you 
can pick=it up. 
> Kim 
 
Original Message 
> From: 
> Sent: Wednesday, January 04, 2012 10:02 AM 
> To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, Kimberly 
> Subject: 
> Good morning Eva, 
> Just a reminder if you could please call in a prescription for me for= 
(What JE mentioned to you yesterday) 
Thank you! 
> Tower Chemist would work: 
> This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It m=y contain confidential information. If you 
are not the intended recipient y=u are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of th=s e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received=this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender 
by replying to t=is e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Th=nk you. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "4/Annie/MID PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version,-.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-sent</key> 
<real>1325707682</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
EFTA_R1_01164862 
EFTA02299517

<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap 
<kepremote-id</key> 
<string>8043</string> 
<kepsubject</key> 
<string>Re: RE:</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
Sent%20Messages</string> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01164863 
EFTA02299518

