# EFTA02338745

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E.|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent|Saturday, May 23, 2015 5:55 PM|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[WORD]:** y BlackBerry 10 smartphone. From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Saturday, May 23, 2015 6:01 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: I will. 100%. When I am next on the island. We can walk it together. Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. From: jeffrey E. Sent: Saturday, May 23, 2015 5:55 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: Re: understood, again why don't you walk your property. =nbsp; I will have someone take you if you like?)):: On Sat, May 23, 2015 at 5:52 PM, Farkas, Andrew =. > wrote: Here is the response I got from management: "have dela=ed the renovation until after the fishing season (October)

**[WORD]:** n walk it together. Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. From: jeffrey E. Sent: Saturday, May 23, 2015 5:55 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: Re: understood, again why don't you walk your property. =nbsp; I will have someone take you if you like?)):: On Sat, May 23, 2015 at 5:52 PM, Farkas, Andrew =. > wrote: Here is the response I got from management: "have dela=ed the renovation until after the fishing season (October). The work=Epstein is seeing is a patch to keep the dock together. Hoffman paid=for it." Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. From: jeffrey E. Sent: Saturday, May 23

**[WORD]:** esponse I got from management: "have dela=ed the renovation until after the fishing season (October). The work=Epstein is seeing is a patch to keep the dock together. Hoffman paid=for it." Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. From: jeffrey E. Sent: Saturday, May 23, 2015 3:45 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: i am in florida , not on island till later in week, =nbsp; I think you should go by AYH and see the quality of the work, . very=poor. though i was told i had to move barge by april 1 no wor= has begun on hoffman dock??!! EFTA_R1_01301304 EFTA02338745 please note The information c

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: 
Thursday, June 4, 2015 6:57 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
I am sorry that you were disturbed like that today. It was not my intention=to have you pulled out of an important 
session, only that we speak. At you= first possible convenience. 
I have a unique and workable approach for The Daily News. I was looking =o you to see if you wanted to hear it and 
decide how/when/if to bring it t= mort or if you thought I should just go direct. It is VERY time sensititi=e. 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Saturday, May 23, 2015 6:01 PM 
To: Jeffrey E. 
Subject: Re: 
I will. 100%. When I am next on the island. We can walk it together. 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: Saturday, May 23, 2015 5:55 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Subject: Re: 
understood, again why don't you walk your property. =nbsp; I will have someone take you if you like?)):: 
On Sat, May 23, 2015 at 5:52 PM, Farkas, Andrew =. 
> wrote: 
Here is the response I got from management: 
"have dela=ed the renovation until after the fishing season (October). The work=Epstein is seeing is a patch to 
keep the dock together. Hoffman paid=for it." 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: Saturday, May 23, 2015 3:45 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
i am in florida , not on island till later in week, =nbsp; I think you should go by AYH and see the quality of the 
work, . very=poor. though i was told i had to move barge by april 1 no wor= has begun on hoffman dock??!! 
EFTA_R1_01301304 
EFTA02338745

please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary,=privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from dis=losure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the in=ended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reprodu=ing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including any r=liance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message =n error, 
please contact thli 
T L ? 411bQ 
2 
EFTA_R1_01301305 
EFTA02338746

in F-i 1- I-9-i hi•- O I Ni 1 -IC 
3 
EFTA_R1_01301306 
EFTA02338747

l-ce711-S»61"" 
cedA 
4=DG,14<?P5/1.- -.P1.$&3#t3
"&r 
4 
EFTA_R1_01301307 
EFTA02338748

t 
21 $01 -± 1 r• 4r12 61"1"AjW•6m3-cP 
-c.IG I II1 x 
$F 1x• 1 Ii Fin I-MOC+v-s%i 4 2v-s}im leM I 21 )f.e_l 
C,£'10$ 
5 
EFTA_R1_01301308 
EFTA02338749

