# EFTA02611176

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E.|
|To|Richard Kahn; Thomas Mukamal; Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Wednesday, December 20, 2017 12:46 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Mukamal, Thomas Sent: Wednesday, December 20, 2017 6:12 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Cc: Jeffrey E.; Richard Kahn Subject: Re: Puma said it would be done that day and didn't deliver. I suggested to rich that the guys on your staff are very welcome to speak to Elizabeth Didomenico who is the GM and is happy to provide daily updates. Tom Mukamal CEO Island Global Yachting

**[WORD]:** deliver. I suggested to rich that the guys on your staff are very welcome to speak to Elizabeth Didomenico who is the GM and is happy to provide daily updates. Tom Mukamal CEO Island Global Yachting Ltd 717 Sth Avenue, 18th Floor New York, New York 10022 On Dec 20, 2017, at 1:01 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. Not in our control. At all. Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. From: jeffrey E. Sent: Wednesday, December 20, 2017 12:46 PM To: Richard Kahn; Thomas Mukamal; Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: rote: when we called tom together , we were told the fuel situation was a one day event. two weeks

**[WORD]:** nd Global Yachting Ltd 717 Sth Avenue, 18th Floor New York, New York 10022 On Dec 20, 2017, at 1:01 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. Not in our control. At all. Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. From: jeffrey E. Sent: Wednesday, December 20, 2017 12:46 PM To: Richard Kahn; Thomas Mukamal; Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: rote: when we called tom together , we were told the fuel situation was a one day event. two weeks later no fuel please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Mukamal, Thomas 
Sent: 
Wednesday, December 20, 2017 6:12 PM 
To: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Cc: 
Jeffrey E.; Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: 
Puma said it would be done that day and didn't deliver. I suggested to rich that the guys on your staff are very welcome 
to speak to Elizabeth Didomenico who is the GM and is happy to provide daily updates. 
Tom Mukamal 
CEO 
Island Global Yachting Ltd 
717 Sth Avenue, 18th Floor 
New York, New York 10022 
On Dec 20, 2017, at 1:01 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
Not in our control. At all. 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartphone. 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: Wednesday, December 20, 2017 12:46 PM 
To: Richard Kahn; Thomas Mukamal; Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
rote: 
when we called tom together , we were told the fuel situation was a one day event. two weeks later no fuel 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01806542 
EFTA02611176

This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please 
contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, 
whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in 
electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Global Yachting Ltd or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Global Yachting Ltd or such affiliate. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01806543 
EFTA02611177

