# EFTA02595673

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=»|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject|<no subject>|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, October 29, 2014 10:23 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: 561 655 7626 On Wed, Oct 29, 2014 at 6:21 AM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: In london Going tomorrow to Sao paulo From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Wednesday, October 29, 2014 a= 12:18 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel g=; Subject: <no subject> where are youy? please n

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, October 29, 2014 10:23 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: 561 655 7626 On Wed, Oct 29, 2014 at 6:21 AM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: In london Going tomorrow to Sao paulo From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Wednesday, October 29, 2014 a= 12:18 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel g=; Subject: <no subject> where are youy? please note <mailtc The information contained in this communication is confidential,

**[FULL]:** om> Sent: Wednesday, October 29, 2014 10:23 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: 561 655 7626 On Wed, Oct 29, 2014 at 6:21 AM, Jean Luc Brunel wrote: In london Going tomorrow to Sao paulo From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Wednesday, October 29, 2014 a= 12:18 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel g=; Subject: <no subject> where are youy? please note <mailtc The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized u

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 29, 2014 10:23 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
561 655 7626 
On Wed, Oct 29, 2014 at 6:21 AM, Jean Luc Brunel 
wrote: 
In london 
Going tomorrow to Sao paulo 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» 
Date: Wednesday, October 29, 2014 a= 12:18 PM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
g=; 
Subject: <no subject> 
where are youy? 
please note 
<mailtc 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01780437 
EFTA02595673

=C2 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to 
jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01780438 
EFTA02595674

