# EFTA02540060

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b> =tephanie|
|To|=Lesley Groff'|
|Sent|Monday, June 13, 2011 11:27 AM|
|Subject|RE: =onight|

---

**[WORD]:** ttached the invite for our event tonight below =o JE has all of the details. Peggy also =ent through the guest list with me and selected some highlighted names =o JE has an idea of who is attending this evening. Thanks!! =o:p> PAGE ONE: INSIDE THE NEW YORK =IMES A documentary film directed by Andrew =ossi Produced and =ritten by Kate Novack and Andrew Rossi Monday, June 13th, 2011 EFTA_R1_01688765 EFTA02540060 7:30pm — Screening 9:00pm — Party Elinor Bunin Munroe Film =enter Lincoln Center 144 West =5th Street (between Amsterdam and =roadway) Highlighted =uests: Ms. Kristen Gore D

**[WORD]:** as all of the details. Peggy also =ent through the guest list with me and selected some highlighted names =o JE has an idea of who is attending this evening. Thanks!! =o:p> PAGE ONE: INSIDE THE NEW YORK =IMES A documentary film directed by Andrew =ossi Produced and =ritten by Kate Novack and Andrew Rossi Monday, June 13th, 2011 EFTA_R1_01688765 EFTA02540060 7:30pm — Screening 9:00pm — Party Elinor Bunin Munroe Film =enter Lincoln Center 144 West =5th Street (between Amsterdam and =roadway) Highlighted =uests: Ms. Kristen Gore Dr. & Mrs. Richard Haass Mr. Larry Ingrassia: business

**[WORD]:** TA_R1_01688765 EFTA02540060 7:30pm — Screening 9:00pm — Party Elinor Bunin Munroe Film =enter Lincoln Center 144 West =5th Street (between Amsterdam and =roadway) Highlighted =uests: Ms. Kristen Gore Dr. & Mrs. Richard Haass Mr. Larry Ingrassia: business editor of the New York =imes Mr. Andrew =arecki Ms. Liya Kebede: actor. Was =n THE GOOD SHEPARD Mr. Kavid Koepp: =irector & writer. Work includes Spider-man (screenplay), Secret =indow (screenplay & directed), Angels & Demons =screenplay) Mr. Steve Kroft: 60 =inutes Ms. Vicki Mabrey: =n-cam/ABC Mr. and Mrs. S.I =ewhouse Mr. & Mrs.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Stephanie 
Sent: 
Monday, June 13, 2011 9:09 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
FW: RE: Tonight 
Please see below 
From:=/b> =tephanie 
Sent: Monday, June 13, 2011 11:27 AM 
To: =Lesley Groff' 
Subject: RE: =onight 
Hi Lesley, =o:p> 
I have attached the invite for our event tonight below =o JE has all of the details. 
Peggy also =ent through the guest list with me and selected some highlighted names =o JE has an idea of who is 
attending this evening. 
Thanks!! =o:p> 
PAGE ONE: 
INSIDE THE NEW YORK =IMES 
A documentary film directed by Andrew =ossi 
Produced and =ritten by Kate Novack and Andrew Rossi 
Monday, June 13th, 2011 
EFTA_R1_01688765 
EFTA02540060

7:30pm — Screening 
9:00pm — Party 
Elinor Bunin Munroe Film =enter 
Lincoln Center 
144 West =5th Street 
(between Amsterdam and =roadway) 
Highlighted =uests: 
Ms. Kristen Gore 
Dr. & Mrs. Richard Haass 
Mr. Larry Ingrassia: business editor of the New York =imes 
Mr. Andrew =arecki 
Ms. Liya Kebede: actor. Was =n THE GOOD SHEPARD 
Mr. Kavid Koepp: =irector & writer. Work includes Spider-man (screenplay), Secret =indow (screenplay & directed), 
Angels & Demons =screenplay) 
Mr. Steve Kroft: 60 =inutes 
Ms. Vicki Mabrey: =n-cam/ABC 
Mr. and Mrs. S.I =ewhouse 
Mr. & Mrs. Regis Philbin =o:p> 
Mr. Jason Reitman: director. Work =ncludes JUNO 
Mr. & Mrs. Morley =afer: on-cam, 60 minutes 
Mr. =tanley Shuman: Managing Director and a member of the Executive =ommittee of Allen & Co LLC 
2 
EFTA_R1_01688766 
EFTA02540061

Mr. =amp; Mrs. Bob Simon: on-cam, 60 Minutes 
Mr. Daniel Stern: President, Reservoir Capital =roup 
Mr. Ricky Strauss =o:p> 
Mr. Jay Sugarman 
Mr. Brian Williams 
Mr. Jeff Zucker 
3 
EFTA_R1_01688767 
EFTA02540062

