# EFTA02591917

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: if you have a moment either before =r after dinner lets speak? On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 11:39 AM, A. de Rothschild < <rnailto > wrote: Yes got back lyesterday . Many meetings today and will have =inner with Ban Ki moon tonight . Do you know Prince Andrew ? If yes, will =ell you when in Paris. Israel was intense as usual . Ehen are you arriving=? Sent from my iPhone On 1 oct. 2014, at 13:10, jeffr=y E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: =div dir="Itr">are you back? please note The in=ormation contained in this commu

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 1, 2014 4:11 PM 
To: 
A. de Rothschild 
Subject: 
Re: 
On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 12:09 PM, A. de Rothschild =span dir="ltra<mailto: 
> 
wrote: 
Now ? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 1 oct= 2014, at 17:42, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
if you have a moment either before =r after dinner lets speak? 
On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 11:39 AM, A. de Rothschild <
<rnailto 
> wrote: 
Yes got back lyesterday . Many meetings today and will have =inner with Ban Ki moon tonight . Do you 
know Prince Andrew ? If yes, will =ell you when in Paris. Israel was intense as usual . Ehen are you arriving=? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On 1 oct. 2014, at 13:10, jeffr=y E. <jeevac=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>  wrote: 
=div dir="Itr">are you back? 
please note 
The in=ormation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorn=y-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended=only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_01774590 
EFTA02591917

and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-=ail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all c=pies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved=br> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, =ay be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, an= is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property ofJEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication o= any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you ha=e received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by=br>return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communicat=on and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all ri=hts reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, =ay be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside 
information, an= is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property ofIEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
copying of this communication o= any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you ha=e received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by=br>return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communicat=on and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
copyright -all ri=hts reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01774591 
EFTA02591918

