# EFTA02398963

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"jeffrey E."|
|To|lean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Friday, September 26, 2014 1:02 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: nice but going to kiev tomorrow Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:26/09/2014 2:41 PM (GMT+01:00) To: lean Luc Brunel Subject: paris? fun? please note The information contained in t

**[WORD]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Friday, September 26, 2014 1:02 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: nice but going to kiev tomorrow Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:26/09/2014 2:41 PM (GMT+01:00) To: lean Luc Brunel Subject: paris? fun? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: 
Friday, September 26, 2014 1:02 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
RE: 
nice but going to kiev tomorrow 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
Original message 
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:26/09/2014 2:41 PM (GMT+01:00) 
To: lean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
paris? fun? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01433675 
EFTA02398963

