# EFTA00038384 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 6

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, November 21, 2019 7:44 PM
- **Subject:** Re: Maxwell Facebook subpoena

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell Facebook subpoena Date: Tue, 26 Nov 2019 18:38:04 +0000 Importance: Normal Thank' From: (USANYS) [mailto Sent: Tuesday, November 26, 2019 10:28 AM To: Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell Facebook subpoena (NY) (FBI) sc > Could you please serve the attached subpoena & NDO? Thanks! From: S

### Match 2
> From: To: Cc: Subject: RE: Maxwell Facebook subpoena Date: Tue, 26 Nov 2019 18:38:04 +0000 Importance: Normal Thank' From: (USANYS) [mailto Sent: Tuesday, November 26, 2019 10:28 AM To: Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell Facebook subpoena (NY) (FBI) sc > Could you please serve the attached subpoena & NDO? Thanks! From: Sent: Thursday, November 21, 2019 7:44 PM To: (USANYS) < Cc: (USANYS) . (NY) (FBI) Subject: Re: Maxwell Facebook subpoena < > Ok thanks On Nov 21, 2019, at 17:51, (USANYS) (USANYS) (

### Match 3
> [mailto Sent: Tuesday, November 26, 2019 10:28 AM To: Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell Facebook subpoena (NY) (FBI) sc > Could you please serve the attached subpoena & NDO? Thanks! From: Sent: Thursday, November 21, 2019 7:44 PM To: (USANYS) < Cc: (USANYS) . (NY) (FBI) Subject: Re: Maxwell Facebook subpoena < > Ok thanks On Nov 21, 2019, at 17:51, (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) > wrote: Thanks very much for checking. I'm dropping off an application for an NDO now, so it should come back from the court by Monday at the latest. From: Sent: Thursday, November 21, 2019 5:22 PM T

### Match 4
> On Nov 21, 2019, at 17:51, (USANYS) (USANYS) (USANYS) > wrote: Thanks very much for checking. I'm dropping off an application for an NDO now, so it should come back from the court by Monday at the latest. From: Sent: Thursday, November 21, 2019 5:22 PM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) < Subject: Maxwell Facebook subpoena < (USANYS) (NY) (FBI) •:: > As you requested we checked for common or repeat IP addresses in the Maxwell cell phone pen trap with negative results. We did find some random IP addresses in the pen trap that come back to facebook. This leads us to believe she either has a face

### Match 5
> ation for an NDO now, so it should come back from the court by Monday at the latest. From: Sent: Thursday, November 21, 2019 5:22 PM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) < Subject: Maxwell Facebook subpoena < (USANYS) (NY) (FBI) •:: > As you requested we checked for common or repeat IP addresses in the Maxwell cell phone pen trap with negative results. We did find some random IP addresses in the pen trap that come back to facebook. This leads us to believe she either has a facebook page, or has been accessing facebook from her phone. We ran all of the phone numbers we've known to be associated with Ma

### Match 6
> ll cell phone pen trap with negative results. We did find some random IP addresses in the pen trap that come back to facebook. This leads us to believe she either has a facebook page, or has been accessing facebook from her phone. We ran all of the phone numbers we've known to be associated with Maxwell through facebooks law enforcement portal and found two of them to be associated with facebook accounts. Through the portal we are not able to view the actual account but were able to see that there at least once existed an account that was connected to these phone numbers. EFTA00038384 Would y
