# EFTA02436565

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Eosteinljeevacationtgmail.comi Fran: Sent Subject Re: Thur 9/10/2009 12:16:28 PM Ycs. Spoke to Andrew. He arrives tomorrow on the train at 6:30pm; Valdson is picking him up. He will be with one policeman. I'm going to put them in the 2 guest bedrooms in the new apt. (I figured Andrew could move to the upstairs room after story and I leave on sat if he wanted) I gave assistant the address to 301

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Eosteinljeevacationtgmail.comi Fran: Sent Subject Re: Thur 9/10/2009 12:16:28 PM Ycs. Spoke to Andrew. He arrives tomorrow on the train at 6:30pm; Valdson is picking him up. He will be with one policeman. I'm going to put them in the 2 guest bedrooms in the new apt. (I figured Andrew could move to the upstairs room after story and I leave on sat if he wanted) I gave assistant the address to 301 and told her they can use 2 apts Just having lunch in Amsterdam. On Sep 10, 2009, at 12:53 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacationagmail cam> wrote: are andrew and the duchess set. duchess

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Eosteinljeevacationtgmail.comi 
Fran: 
Sent 
Subject Re: 
Thur 9/10/2009 12:16:28 PM 
Ycs. Spoke to Andrew. He arrives tomorrow on the train at 6:30pm; Valdson is picking him up. 
He will be with one policeman. I'm going to put them in the 2 guest bedrooms in the new apt. (I 
figured Andrew could move to the upstairs room after story and I leave on sat if he wanted) 
I gave 
assistant the address to 301 and told her they can use 2 apts 
Just having lunch in Amsterdam. 
On Sep 10, 2009, at 12:53 PM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacationagmail cam> wrote: 
are andrew and the duchess set. duchess in new york? 
*t*t*t*t*t*t*t*****t*t*t*t*t*t***t***t*t***t*t*t*t*t*t*t*t* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01509117 
EFTA02436565

