# EFTA02496930

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, July 5, 2015 8:42 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: call me On Sun, Jul 5, 2015 at 10:19 AM, Eva D=bin > wrote: He is better.... Waiting to see how hi= night was Sent from my iPhone On Jul 4, 2015, at 11:=5 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: > wrote: Going to sleep now.... I =ill call i

**[FULL]:** m <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: > wrote: Going to sleep now.... I =ill call in morning when I wake up.... Ok??? Sent from my iPhone On Jul 4, 2015, at 10:42 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:j=evacation@gmail.com> wrote= Call in one hour <=span> n Saturday, July 4, 2015, Eva Dubin <mailto:e > wrote: Back from the hospi=al.. Tried your cell.. We think he has bad gastroenter=tis.. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 4, 2015, at 11:36 AM= jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: call paris EFTA_R1_01621724 EFTA02496930 4>=AO please note The information contained in this com

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, July 5, 2015 8:42 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
call me 
On Sun, Jul 5, 2015 at 10:19 AM, Eva D=bin 
> wrote:
He is better.... Waiting to see how hi= night was 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 4, 2015, at 11:=5 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
> wrote: 
Going to sleep now.... 
I =ill call in morning when I wake up.... Ok??? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 4, 2015, at 10:42 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:j=evacation@gmail.com> wrote= 
Call in one hour <=span> 
n Saturday, July 4, 2015, Eva Dubin 
<mailto:e 
> wrote: 
Back from the hospi=al.. 
Tried your cell.. 
We think he has bad gastroenter=tis.. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 4, 2015, at 11:36 AM= jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
call paris 
EFTA_R1_01621724 
EFTA02496930

4>=AO please note 
The information contained in this communication isar>confidential, may be 
attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute insid= information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is =he property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thiscommunication or any part 
thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be un=awful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify =s immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com=/a>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
includin= all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Q=A0 
please note 
The information=contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client=privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for=br>the use of the addressee. It is 
the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized =se, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
co=munication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or b= e-mail to jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , 
and 
destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please n=te 
The information contained in this communication is 
confident=al, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informatio=, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property=of 
JEE 
2 
EFTA_R1_01621725 
EFTA02496931

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communicat=on or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If y=u have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediate=y by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.=om> , and 
destroy this commu=ication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -a=l rights reserved 
=C24> please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
c=nstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or co=ying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01621726 
EFTA02496932

