# EFTA02574146

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** would still come from the crest. Received=proposal for 3 x40 ft Poles from RMC, will review tomorrow. PoolPak Dessert Air was con=acted 22nd August and I have been forwarding info regarding existing space=and equipment design. Site visit to confirm there proposed=solution due 18th September. Gates 2nd key pad installed= but phone lines are down, therefore we have no remote control to operate =ates 3 B's are on sight tomorrow to review situation w=th loops Have contacted RMC regarding Phone and gate controllers, Randy s=ould be on site this week to review W=114 pumps pumps operational, h

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Brice Gordon 
Sent: 
Monday, September 2, 2013 3:16 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Cc: 
Rich Kahn; Zorro Ranch 
Subject: 
Re: 
Good Morning 
Advanced communication= will need a firm service provision before Richard can provide final micro=ave solution 
Century Link have Ten days to responded to Co=plaint filed (8/26) with PRC-NM Meet with Steven Gabriel, Higher Speed 
Internet, Edgewood last w=ek , expecting proposal this week for internet services only, no phone that would still come 
from the crest. 
Received=proposal for 3 x40 ft Poles from RMC, will review tomorrow. 
PoolPak 
Dessert Air was con=acted 22nd August and I have been forwarding info regarding existing space=and equipment 
design. 
Site visit to confirm there proposed=solution due 18th September. 
Gates 
2nd key pad installed= but phone lines are down, therefore we have no remote control to operate =ates 
3 B's are on sight tomorrow to review situation w=th loops Have contacted RMC regarding Phone and gate controllers, 
Randy s=ould be on site this week to review 
W=114 pumps 
pumps operational, have concerns regarding low =oltage from CNMP, will contact them this week. 
regards 
Brice 
On Sun, Sep 1, 2013 at 4:09=PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com» wrote: 
boltz proposal. pool =ak fix.? did they finish the gates. , water pumpls? 
The informat=on contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside i=formation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the=property of 
Jeffrey Epst=in 
EFTA_R1_01744655 
EFTA02574146

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unla=ful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us=immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
Brice Gordon 
49 Zorro Ranch Rd 
Stanley, NM=87056 
Ph: (505) 934 2809 
2 
EFTA_R1_01744656 
EFTA02574147

