# EFTA00011177 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Exhibit X EFTA00011177 The Honourable Alison I Nathan United States Distnct Court Southern Distnct of New York United States Courthouse Dear Your Honour. 2'.° November 2020 WE. MLss Ghislaine Maxwell - Bail Anolication I am sending this character reference in the knowledge that it will be presented to the court at Ghislaines bail hearing The content of this letter is the truth and within my knowledge. I first met Ghistaine Hoch Gillslame and her immediate family have been family friends f

### Match 2
> Exhibit X EFTA00011177 The Honourable Alison I Nathan United States Distnct Court Southern Distnct of New York United States Courthouse Dear Your Honour. 2'.° November 2020 WE. MLss Ghislaine Maxwell - Bail Anolication I am sending this character reference in the knowledge that it will be presented to the court at Ghislaines bail hearing The content of this letter is the truth and within my knowledge. I first met Ghistaine Hoch Gillslame and her immediate family have been family f

### Match 3
> he Honourable Alison I Nathan United States Distnct Court Southern Distnct of New York United States Courthouse Dear Your Honour. 2'.° November 2020 WE. MLss Ghislaine Maxwell - Bail Anolication I am sending this character reference in the knowledge that it will be presented to the court at Ghislaines bail hearing The content of this letter is the truth and within my knowledge. I first met Ghistaine Hoch Gillslame and her immediate family have been family friends for decades Following our tint encounter we became close m ends and remained in constant touch ever since We would always speak

### Match 4
> h from the moment we tint met and I was therefore delighted to he asked adores Chislaine and it deeply disturbs me that a country as great as the United States would even think that Ghistaine poses a danger to children or rs and further to this I would have absolutely no hesitation in allowing Ghislaine to look after t any time Gluslaine ts a prominent individual and I believe she will fight these charges to the end. She will not evade justice and is not in any way a flight nsk She should be granted bail immediately so that she can form a proper defence to these horrendous charges. She has fac
