# EFTA00019244 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** '
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monday, April  13, 2020 2:46 PM
- **Subject:** Re: Maxwell investigation, prosecution memo

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> hiefs. Sent from my iPhone On Apr 11, 2020, at 10:00 AM, (USANYS) < > wrote: (USANYS)" Thanks, team. Let's set up a conference call at 1pm on Wednesday to discuss. Does that time work for everyone? On Apr 10, 2020, at 11:43 PM, wrote: All, Attached please find the prosecution memo for the Ghislaine Maxwell investigation. The team will be working on a draft indictment, but we wanted to submit the memo as soon as it was completed. Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York EFTA00019244 One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 <2020-04-10 GM prosecution memo..pdf>

### Match 2
> hiefs. Sent from my iPhone On Apr 11, 2020, at 10:00 AM, (USANYS) < > wrote: (USANYS)" Thanks, team. Let's set up a conference call at 1pm on Wednesday to discuss. Does that time work for everyone? On Apr 10, 2020, at 11:43 PM, wrote: All, Attached please find the prosecution memo for the Ghislaine Maxwell investigation. The team will be working on a draft indictment, but we wanted to submit the memo as soon as it was completed. Thanks, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York EFTA00019244 One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 <2020-04-10 GM prosecution mem

### Match 3
> From: (USANYS) To: (USANYS)" .<1 Subject: RE: Maxwell investigation, prosecution memo Date: Mon, 13 Apr 2020 18:47:51 +0000 Will do! From: (USANYS) < Sent: Monday, April 13, 2020 2:46 PM (USANYS) Subject: Fwd: Maxwell investigation, prosecution memo Please put on our calendars Begin forwarded message: From: ' (USANYS)" Date: April 11, 202

### Match 4
> From: (USANYS) To: (USANYS)" .<1 Subject: RE: Maxwell investigation, prosecution memo Date: Mon, 13 Apr 2020 18:47:51 +0000 Will do! From: (USANYS) < Sent: Monday, April 13, 2020 2:46 PM (USANYS) Subject: Fwd: Maxwell investigation, prosecution memo Please put on our calendars Begin forwarded message: From: ' (USANYS)" Date: April 11, 2020 at 2:07:03 PM EDT To: (USANYS)" < Cc: " (USANYS)" < )" c < (USANYS)" < (USANYS)" < >, Subject: Re: Maxwell investigation, prosecution memo That is good for tea

### Match 5
> day, April 13, 2020 2:46 PM (USANYS) Subject: Fwd: Maxwell investigation, prosecution memo Please put on our calendars Begin forwarded message: From: ' (USANYS)" Date: April 11, 2020 at 2:07:03 PM EDT To: (USANYS)" < Cc: " (USANYS)" < )" c < (USANYS)" < (USANYS)" < >, Subject: Re: Maxwell investigation, prosecution memo That is good for team and chiefs. Sent from my iPhone On Apr 11, 2020, at 10:00 AM, (USANYS) < > wrote: (USANYS)" Thanks, team. Let's set up a conference call at 1pm on Wednesday to discuss. Does that time work for everyone? On Apr 10, 2020, at 11:43 PM, wro
