# EFTA02439671

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [nnalito:jeeyacationegmall.com]|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Monday, July 06, 2009 8:47 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey EpsteinUeeyacationagmail.comj From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Mon 7/8/2009 12:47:31 PM Subject RE: zwim i'll call you within 10 mins...are you at the foundation? From: Jeffrey Epstein [nnalito:jeeyacationegmall.com] Sent: Monday, July 06, 2009 8:47 AM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject zwlm didn;t want to disturb your holiday. as you saw Zwim did n

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey EpsteinUeeyacationagmail.comj From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Mon 7/8/2009 12:47:31 PM Subject RE: zwim i'll call you within 10 mins...are you at the foundation? From: Jeffrey Epstein [nnalito:jeeyacationegmall.com] Sent: Monday, July 06, 2009 8:47 AM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject zwlm didn;t want to disturb your holiday. as you saw Zwim did not pay , i have no sense of what is really happening„ i have to decide whether to sue him, and start the battle by july 10. they now say they have an obligation to py the offshore fund before they pay me or anyone esl

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey EpsteinUeeyacationagmail.comj 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent 
Mon 7/8/2009 12:47:31 PM 
Subject RE: zwim 
i'll call you within 10 mins...are you at the foundation? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [nnalito:jeeyacationegmall.com] 
Sent: Monday, July 06, 2009 8:47 AM 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Subject zwlm 
didn;t want to disturb your holiday. as you saw Zwim did not pay , i have no sense of what is 
really happening„ i have to decide whether to sue him, and start the battle by july 10. they now 
say they have an obligation to py the offshore fund before they pay me or anyone esle.. what are 
your thoughts? 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01513425 
EFTA02439671

