# EFTA02409427

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Fri Jul 23 06:30:04 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacationiagmail.comijeeyacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 7/23/2010 11:38:17 AM Subject: Re: A question: if a rabbi takes a sabbatical and in the midst of so doing is unavailable to minister to his congregation during shabbat services. does that make it a shabbatical? From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L.

**[WORD]:** kas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 7/23/2010 11:38:17 AM Subject: Re: A question: if a rabbi takes a sabbatical and in the midst of so doing is unavailable to minister to his congregation during shabbat services. does that make it a shabbatical? From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Fri Jul 23 06:30:04 2010 Subject: its going to be a fun year *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacationiagmail.comijeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Fri 7/23/2010 11:38:17 AM 
Subject: Re: 
A question: if a rabbi takes a sabbatical and in the midst of so doing is unavailable to minister to his congregation 
during shabbat services. does that make it a shabbatical? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Fri Jul 23 06:30:04 2010 
Subject: 
its going to be a fun year 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01469671 
EFTA02409427

