# EFTA02409323

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, royal

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Thu Aug 06 06:29:40 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thur 8/6/2009 12:12:25 PM Subject: Re: Not as good as 'fark asses." From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Aug 06 07:57:06 2009 Subject: Re: funny, they don't rad the paper, because half the time it points out their "fat asses". On Thu, Aug 6, 2009 at 7:53 AM, Fark

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thur 8/6/2009 12:12:25 PM Subject: Re: Not as good as 'fark asses." From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Aug 06 07:57:06 2009 Subject: Re: funny, they don't rad the paper, because half the time it points out their "fat asses". On Thu, Aug 6, 2009 at 7:53 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. < wrote: I always do. Shy. I'm not. You doing ok? How was the royalty? From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, A

**[WORD]:** Sent: Thur 8/6/2009 12:12:25 PM Subject: Re: Not as good as 'fark asses." From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Aug 06 07:57:06 2009 Subject: Re: funny, they don't rad the paper, because half the time it points out their "fat asses". On Thu, Aug 6, 2009 at 7:53 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. < wrote: I always do. Shy. I'm not. You doing ok? How was the royalty? From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Aug 06 07:23:18 2009 Subject: Re: no problem... if i can help let me know On Thu, Aug 6, 2009 at 6:50 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. otc: Sorry. Have had my head up my as

**[WORD]:** w L. Sent: Thu Aug 06 07:57:06 2009 Subject: Re: funny, they don't rad the paper, because half the time it points out their "fat asses". On Thu, Aug 6, 2009 at 7:53 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. < wrote: I always do. Shy. I'm not. You doing ok? How was the royalty? From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Aug 06 07:23:18 2009 Subject: Re: no problem... if i can help let me know On Thu, Aug 6, 2009 at 6:50 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. otc: Sorry. Have had my head up my ass with the centerline deal and indian land deal and a lot of my igy guys on vacation or (literally) sick with swine fl

**[WORD]:** . On Thu, Aug 6, 2009 at 7:53 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. < wrote: I always do. Shy. I'm not. You doing ok? How was the royalty? From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Aug 06 07:23:18 2009 Subject: Re: no problem... if i can help let me know On Thu, Aug 6, 2009 at 6:50 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. otc: Sorry. Have had my head up my ass with the centerline deal and indian land deal and a lot of my igy guys on vacation or (literally) sick with swine flu. Promise today or tomorrow. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Aug 06 06:29:40 2009 Subject: numbers ayh igy ?

**[WORD]:** f i can help let me know On Thu, Aug 6, 2009 at 6:50 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. otc: Sorry. Have had my head up my ass with the centerline deal and indian land deal and a lot of my igy guys on vacation or (literally) sick with swine flu. Promise today or tomorrow. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Aug 06 06:29:40 2009 Subject: numbers ayh igy ? EFTA_R1_0 1469444 EFTA02409323

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: 
Thur 8/6/2009 12:12:25 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Not as good as 'fark asses." 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Thu Aug 06 07:57:06 2009 
Subject: Re: 
funny, they don't rad the paper, because half the time it points out their "fat asses". 
On Thu, Aug 6, 2009 at 7:53 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. <
 wrote: 
I always do. Shy. I'm not. You doing ok? How was the royalty? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Thu Aug 06 07:23:18 2009 
Subject: Re: 
no problem... if i can help let me know 
On Thu, Aug 6, 2009 at 6:50 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
otc: 
Sorry. Have had my head up my ass with the centerline deal and indian land deal and a lot of my igy guys 
on vacation or (literally) sick with swine flu. Promise today or tomorrow. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Thu Aug 06 06:29:40 2009 
Subject: 
numbers ayh igy ? 
EFTA_R1_0 1469444 
EFTA02409323

