# EFTA02318530

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: royal, york, flight

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: To: Subject: Friday, November 26, 2010 8:43 PM Re: THE DUKE OF YORK I don't thins.. I thinkMight still be there. I will =sing I don't think Story would feel comfortable with someone else staying in =M as it is full of all his personal things. Is =still in 10N? On Nov 26, 2010, at 3:38 PM, Lesley Groff wrote: > Is -n 8A? I think she is. ... What about 4M? I

**[FULL]:** 4M? I think that =s all we have. And ok on andrew's guys. I will email Lynn and let her =now 2 of them will be coming, one tomorrow night and one along with =ndrew monday. Ori inal Messa e > From: > To: Lesley Groff > CC: Janusz Banasiak > Sent: Fri Nov 26 15:16:26 2010 > Subject: Re: THE DUKE OF YORK > I probably won't be back until late sunday night. > there will be room for both andrew's bodyguards.. one on the 4th floor =nd one on the 5th floor. > we will also need a place for.. are there any other apts free? > On Nov 26, 2010, at 3:14 PM, wrote: » Yes, Janusz may definitely stay in 11B

**[FULL]:** usz, The code to 10B o will you be » =ack at the apartments tomorrow and possi y you could put in an » envelope =nd give to doorman for Janusz? Also, will the house now » hold both of =he Duke's bodyguards? Original Message » From: » Sent vember 26, 2010 3:07 PM » To » Subject: Re: THE DUKE OF YORK » I told Janusz I would need to change his flight to depart on Sunday =ow. » Originally I made it for Monday.. » I will let you know the new details.. » and we will put janusz in 11B? >> » On Nov 26, 2010, at 3:02 PM,nrote: EFTA_R1_01224991 EFTA02318530 >» Sunday right? The Duke comes in M

**[FULL]:** t janusz in 11B? >> » On Nov 26, 2010, at 3:02 PM,nrote: EFTA_R1_01224991 EFTA02318530 >» Sunday right? The Duke comes in Monday. (Or am I thinking wrong >» =bout » your flight?) >» >» Original Message >» From: Janusz Banasiak >>> TI >» Sent: Fri Nov 2614:02:57 2010 >» Subject: Re: THE DUKE OF YORK >» >» tamy flight from PB is 3:28 in New York >» >» Original Message >» From >» To: 'Amanda Thirsk' >» CC: >» Sent: Fri Nov 2613:05:00 2010 >» Subject: RE: THE DUKE OF YORK >>> Janusz Banasiak >» Hello Amanda! I am still checking on the availability for two » Protection Officers...I

**[FULL]:** ) >» >» Original Message >» From: Janusz Banasiak >>> TI >» Sent: Fri Nov 2614:02:57 2010 >» Subject: Re: THE DUKE OF YORK >» >» tamy flight from PB is 3:28 in New York >» >» Original Message >» From >» To: 'Amanda Thirsk' >» CC: >» Sent: Fri Nov 2613:05:00 2010 >» Subject: RE: THE DUKE OF YORK >>> Janusz Banasiak >» Hello Amanda! I am still checking on the availability for two » Protection Officers...I know we have room for the Duke and one » =fficer at the moment....will get back to you as soon as we can. >» >» >» >» Do you have the Duke's flight details? We will send one of >

**[FULL]:** fetch him from JFK on Monday. His name is Janusz » =nd I have CC'd him here. His cell number is : >» >» >» Thank you, >» »>- »> >» >» From: Amanda Thirsk [mailto:amanda.thirsk@royal.gsx.gov.uk] >» Sent: Friday, November 26, 2010 11:38 AM >» To: Lesley Groff; Lesley Groff >» Subject: THE DUKE OF YORK >» »i m >» >» >» >» David Stern has given me your contact details. I am sorry to >» =isturb 2 EFTA_R1_01224992 EFTA02318531 » you during the Thanksgiving Holiday. >» >» >» >» Basically, I was wondering if you had the address of the house that » The Duke of York will be staying in nex

**[FULL]:** Groff >» Subject: THE DUKE OF YORK >» »i m >» >» >» >» David Stern has given me your contact details. I am sorry to >» =isturb 2 EFTA_R1_01224992 EFTA02318531 » you during the Thanksgiving Holiday. >» >» >» >» Basically, I was wondering if you had the address of the house that » The Duke of York will be staying in next week. Also are you able to » confirm whether there is room for both of his Protection Officers at » =he house? Julian Phillips one of the Protection Officers will » arrive in the US on Sunday. >» >» >» >» Many thanks. >>> >» >» Amanda Thirsk >» >» Deputy Private

**[FULL]:** ext week. Also are you able to » confirm whether there is room for both of his Protection Officers at » =he house? Julian Phillips one of the Protection Officers will » arrive in the US on Sunday. >» >» >» >» Many thanks. >>> >» >» Amanda Thirsk >» >» Deputy Private Secretary to HRH The Duke of York >» >» Telepho >» >» Mobile: >» Royal Household Legal Disclaimer - This message and any attachments » should only be read by those persons to whom it is addressed and be » =sed by them for its intended purpose. The Royal Household cannot » accept liability for statements made which are clear

**[FULL]:** d"> <plist version=.0"> <dict> <key>date-sent</key> <real>1290804202</real> <key>flags</key> <integer>859019S713</integer> <key>original- ' <string>imap <key>remote- < ey> <string>422</string> <key>subject</key> nt%20Messages</string> 3 EFTA_R1_01224993 EFTA02318532 <string>Re: THE DUKE OF YORK</string> </dict> </plist> 4 EFTA_R1_0 1224994 EFTA02318533

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Friday, November 26, 2010 8:43 PM 
Re: THE DUKE OF YORK 
I don't thins.. 
I thinkMight 
still be there. I will =sing 
I don't think Story would feel comfortable with someone else staying in =M as it is full of all his personal things. 
Is =still in 10N? 
On Nov 26, 2010, at 3:38 PM, Lesley Groff wrote: 
> Is -n
 8A? I think she is. ... What about 4M? I think that =s all we have. And ok on andrew's guys. I will email 
Lynn and let her =now 2 of them will be coming, one tomorrow night and one along with =ndrew monday. 
 
Ori inal Messa e 
> From: 
> To: Lesley Groff 
> CC: Janusz Banasiak 
> Sent: Fri Nov 26 15:16:26 2010 
> Subject: Re: THE DUKE OF YORK 
> I probably won't be back until late sunday night. 
> there will be room for both andrew's bodyguards.. one on the 4th floor =nd one on the 5th floor. 
> we will also need a place for.. are there any other apts free? 
> On Nov 26, 2010, at 3:14 PM,
wrote: 
» Yes, Janusz may definitely stay in 11B. He will need to get the key 
» from the doorman (or he can get it from the top drawer of my desk at 
» =he 
» office) Janusz, The code to 10B 
o 
will you be 
» =ack at the apartments tomorrow and possi y you could put in an 
» envelope =nd give to doorman for Janusz? Also, will the house now 
» hold both of =he Duke's bodyguards? 
 
Original Message 
» From: 
» Sent 
vember 26, 2010 3:07 PM 
» To 
» Subject: Re: THE DUKE OF YORK 
» I told Janusz I would need to change his flight to depart on Sunday =ow. 
» Originally I made it for Monday.. 
» I will let you know the new details.. 
» and we will put janusz in 11B? 
>> 
» On Nov 26, 2010, at 3:02 PM,nrote: 
EFTA_R1_01224991 
EFTA02318530

>» Sunday right? The Duke comes in Monday. (Or am I thinking wrong 
>» =bout 
» your flight?) 
>» 
>» 
Original Message 
>» From: Janusz Banasiak 
>>> TI
>» Sent: Fri Nov 2614:02:57 2010 
>» Subject: Re: THE DUKE OF YORK 
>» 
>» tamy 
flight from PB is 3:28 in New York 
>» 
>» 
Original Message 
>» From 
>» To: 'Amanda Thirsk' 
>» CC: 
>» Sent: Fri Nov 2613:05:00 2010 
>» Subject: RE: THE DUKE OF YORK 
>>> 
Janusz Banasiak 
>» Hello Amanda! I am still checking on the availability for two 
» Protection Officers...I know we have room for the Duke and one 
» =fficer at the moment....will get back to you as soon as we can. 
>» 
>» 
>» 
>» Do you have the Duke's flight details? We will send one of 
>» =effrey's 
» driver to come and fetch him from JFK on Monday. His name is Janusz 
» =nd I have CC'd him here. His cell number is : 
>» 
>» 
>» Thank you, 
>» 
»>-
»> 
>» 
>» From: Amanda Thirsk [mailto:amanda.thirsk@royal.gsx.gov.uk] 
>» Sent: Friday, November 26, 2010 11:38 AM 
>» To: Lesley Groff; Lesley Groff 
>» Subject: THE DUKE OF YORK 
>» 
»i m
>» 
>» 
>» 
>» David Stern has given me your contact details. I am sorry to 
>» =isturb 
2 
EFTA_R1_01224992 
EFTA02318531

» you during the Thanksgiving Holiday. 
>» 
>» 
>» 
>» Basically, I was wondering if you had the address of the house that 
» The Duke of York will be staying in next week. Also are you able to 
» confirm whether there is room for both of his Protection Officers at 
» =he house? Julian Phillips one of the Protection Officers will 
» arrive in the US on Sunday. 
>» 
>» 
>» 
>» Many thanks. 
>>> 
>» 
>» Amanda Thirsk 
>» 
>» Deputy Private Secretary to HRH The Duke of York 
>» 
>» Telepho 
>» 
>» Mobile: 
>» Royal Household Legal Disclaimer - This message and any attachments 
» should only be read by those persons to whom it is addressed and be 
» =sed by them for its intended purpose. The Royal Household cannot 
» accept liability for statements made which are clearly the sender's 
» own and =ot made on behalf of the Royal Household. Replies to this 
» email address =ay be subject to interception or monitoring for 
» operational reasons or =or lawful business purposes. 
>» 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-sent</key> 
<real>1290804202</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>859019S713</integer> 
<key>original- 
' 
<string>imap 
<key>remote- < ey> 
<string>422</string> 
<key>subject</key> 
nt%20Messages</string> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01224993 
EFTA02318532

<string>Re: THE DUKE OF YORK</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
4 
EFTA_R1_0 1224994 
EFTA02318533

