# EFTA02391738

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|'I=sley.jee@gmail.com <mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.com> '|
|Sent|Monday, August 01, 2016 3:45 PM|
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein Helicopter Invoice|

---

**[WORD]:** ail. Pl=ase let me know if you have any questions. Thanks.</=> From: Sent: Monday, August 01, 2016 3:45 PM EFTA_R1_01418085 EFTA02391738 To: 'I=sley.jee@gmail.com <mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.com> ' Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Helicopter Invoice 46=A0 Attached is Mr. Epstein's invo=ce for use of Andrew Farkas' helicopter. Please let me know =f you have any questions. =C240 Thanks! =u> Marlowe=V. Rucker Island Capital Group 300 N. Main Street I Ste 402 I Greenville, SC 29601 This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

pay it 
On Mon, Aug 1, 2016 at 3:49 PM, Richard Kahn 
wrote: 
=div style="word-wrap:break-word">not sure why this went to daphne and al=o why we were not told of these 
figures in advance of trip 
please advi=e 
thank you 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Daphne Wallace < 
</=iv> 
Subject: 
Date: August 1, 2016 at 3=47:43 PM EDT 
To: <=b>"Rucker, Marlowe" 
>, Rich Kahn 
Greetings Marl=we, 
Received with thanks. Kind regards, Dap=ne 
On Mon, =ug 1, 2016 at 2:46 PM, Rucker, Marlowe < 
Good afternoon, 
wrote: 
I am forwarding you=this email as instructed by 
out of office email. Pl=ase let me know 
if you have any questions. 
Thanks.</=> 
From: 
Sent: Monday, August 01, 2016 3:45 PM 
EFTA_R1_01418085 
EFTA02391738

To: 'I=sley.jee@gmail.com <mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.com> ' 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Helicopter Invoice 
46=A0 
Attached is Mr. Epstein's invo=ce for use of Andrew Farkas' helicopter. Please let me know =f 
you have any questions. 
=C240 
Thanks! 
=u> 
Marlowe=V. Rucker 
Island Capital Group 
300 N. Main Street I Ste 402 I Greenville, SC 29601 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use 
of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary,=privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from dis=losure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the in=ended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reprodu=ing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including any r=liance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message =n error, 
please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (in=luding any attachments) and any copies in their 
entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothi=g contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement= amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC =r any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital=Group LLC or such affiliate. 
</=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01418086 
EFTA02391739

please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may =e attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is=intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JE= 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or an= part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have r=ceived this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
=eturn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 
--001a11393e16e3239d0539082400-- date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1470082024 flags 8590195713 
gmail-label-ids 21 remote-id 632550 
3 
EFTA_R1_01418087 
EFTA02391740

