# EFTA02351737

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: mit

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Josh Harris •; :. Sent: Thursday, November 27, 2014 12:04 AM To: jeevacation@gmail.com* Hey Jeff. Sorry i missed you. Crazy week? U around any time from now to sunday? Whats=this Bill Gates thing about? Tks for thinking about me. Best. = This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person or entity to whom they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged =material. Any review, retransmission, dissemination or =other use

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Josh Harris •;
:. 
Sent: 
Thursday, November 27, 2014 12:04 AM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com* 
Hey Jeff. 
Sorry i missed you. Crazy week? U around any time from now to sunday? Whats=this Bill Gates thing about? Tks for 
thinking about me. Best. = This email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the person 
or entity to whom they are addressed and may contain confidential and/or privileged =material. Any review, 
retransmission, dissemination or =other use of, or taking of any action in reliance upon this information by persons or 
entities other than the intended =recipient is prohibited. If you have received this email in =error please contact the 
sender and delete the material from =any computer. 
Apollo Global Management, LLC 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<WOCTYPE ()list PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
alict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1417046649</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195717</integer> 
<keporiginal-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap:Meevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/A11%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>459325</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
1 
EFTA_R1_01330317 
EFTA02351737

