# EFTA02468200

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, March 26, 2016 9:15 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: what happened? i leave sat at 3 On Sat, Mar 26,=2016 at 12:51 AM, Eva Dubin > wrote= When do you leave?? I have to go to Boston tomorrow. got injured in football.. Sent from my iPhone please =ote The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorne

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, March 26, 2016 9:15 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: what happened? i leave sat at 3 On Sat, Mar 26,=2016 at 12:51 AM, Eva Dubin > wrote= When do you leave?? I have to go to Boston tomorrow. got injured in football.. Sent from my iPhone please =ote The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, March 26, 2016 9:15 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
what happened? i leave sat at 3 
On Sat, Mar 26,=2016 at 12:51 AM, Eva Dubin 
> wrote= 
When do you leave?? 
I have to go to Boston tomorrow. 
got injured in football.. 
Sent from my iPhone 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
--001a114acbbca23e9d052ef0ldcf-- conversation-id 85258 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1458983707 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 599011 
EFTA_R1_01577769 
EFTA02468200

