# EFTA02404182

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jean Luc Brunel|
|To|Jeffrey Ep=tein <jeevac=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|Sent||
|Subject|FW: URGENT|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Daphne Wallace <a. Sent: Wednesday, December 25, 2013 11:19 AM To: Jean Luc Brunel; Jeffrey Epstein; ann rodriquez Cc: Richard Kahn Subject: Re: FW: URGENT Greetings Jean Luc, Please as= Lilik to forward the Power of Attorney letter to Ann Rodriquez at a =A0 Anna, if you could please get the Power of Attorney signed and return =t with a copy of the passport and the Social

**[FULL]:** =t with a copy of the passport and the Social Security number. =A0 We will take care of this once we have the letter. Thank you and Merry Christmas, Daphne On Wed, Dec 25, 2013 a= 6:15 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com» wrote= Forwarded messa e From: Jean Luc Brunel > Date: Tue, Dec 24, 2013 at 8:47 AM Subject: FW: URGENT To: Jeffrey Ep=tein <jeevac=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Still waiting your reply regarding email bellow , Dear Lilik, Would you ple=se to ask your costumer regarding for ISF file who will submit to US custo=? Will His

**[FULL]:** If my agent w=Il submit, we will need his email address to send a Power of Attorney lett=r to get a sign from cnee. And also to g=t his passport and Social security number. Would you ple=se to inform me as soon as you get a confirmation from costumer. EFTA_R1_01443731 EFTA02404182 Hallo Mr. Jean Luc Brunel, How are you? Merry X-mast and Happy New Year 2014. That's email forward from my our shipping agent. I'm waiting your news as soon as possible. Have great day Best regard Lilik The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitut

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Daphne Wallace <a. 
Sent: 
Wednesday, December 25, 2013 11:19 AM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel; Jeffrey Epstein; ann rodriquez 
Cc: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: FW: URGENT 
Greetings Jean Luc, 
Please as= Lilik to forward the Power of Attorney letter to Ann Rodriquez at a 
=A0 
Anna, if you could please get the Power of Attorney signed and return =t with a copy of the passport and the Social 
Security number. 
=A0 
We will take care of this once we have the letter. 
Thank you and Merry Christmas, Daphne 
On Wed, Dec 25, 2013 a= 6:15 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacat=on@gmail.com» wrote= 
 
Forwarded messa e 
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
> Date: Tue, Dec 24, 
2013 at 8:47 AM 
Subject: FW: URGENT 
To: Jeffrey Ep=tein <jeevac=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Still waiting your reply regarding email bellow , 
Dear Lilik, 
Would you ple=se to ask your costumer regarding for ISF file who will submit to US custo=? Will His custom 
broker or my agent. 
If my agent w=Il submit, we will need his email address to send a Power of Attorney lett=r to get a sign from 
cnee. 
And also to g=t his passport and Social security number. 
Would you ple=se to inform me as soon as you get a confirmation from costumer. 
EFTA_R1_01443731 
EFTA02404182

Hallo Mr. Jean Luc Brunel, 
How are you? Merry X-mast and Happy New Year 2014. 
That's email forward from my our shipping agent. 
I'm waiting your news as soon as possible. 
Have great day 
Best regard 
Lilik 
The information contained in this communication =s 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute in=ide information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or =opying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited=br> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or=by e-mail to je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01443732 
EFTA02404183

