# EFTA02353308

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff < Sent: Monday, March 18, 2013 6:09 PM To: Epstein Jeffrey Cc: O; Lynn Fontanilla; Lynn and Jojo; Richard Barnett Subject: Andrew Farkas Andrew Farkas will come see you at 11am on Thursday March 21st THURS. MARCH 21, 2013 NY-PARIS 11:00am Appt w/Andrew Farkas 1:30pm Tim Zagat to show Leon Black Kate Ca uto and JE around Google, (TAKE YOUR ID!) Meet at Zagat Reception on the 9th Fl. Tim's office: TBD Fly from NY to Paris

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff < Sent: Monday, March 18, 2013 6:09 PM To: Epstein Jeffrey Cc: O; Lynn Fontanilla; Lynn and Jojo; Richard Barnett Subject: Andrew Farkas Andrew Farkas will come see you at 11am on Thursday March 21st THURS. MARCH 21, 2013 NY-PARIS 11:00am Appt w/Andrew Farkas 1:30pm Tim Zagat to show Leon Black Kate Ca uto and JE around Google, (TAKE YOUR ID!) Meet at Zagat Reception on the 9th Fl. Tim's office: TBD Fly from NY to Paris IN THE EVENING, Woody Allen, Soon-Yi Previn and Bechet Dumaine Allen will be traveling with JE. Depart Teteroboro, Atlantic

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lesley Groff < 
Sent: 
Monday, March 18, 2013 6:09 PM 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey 
Cc: 
O; 
Lynn Fontanilla; Lynn and Jojo; Richard Barnett 
Subject: 
Andrew Farkas 
Andrew Farkas will come see you at 11am on Thursday March 21st 
THURS. MARCH 21, 2013 NY-PARIS 
11:00am Appt w/Andrew Farkas 
1:30pm Tim Zagat to show Leon Black Kate Ca uto and JE around Google, (TAKE YOUR ID!) Meet at Zagat Reception on 
the 9th Fl. Tim's office: 
TBD Fly from NY to Paris IN THE EVENING, Woody Allen, Soon-Yi Previn and Bechet Dumaine Allen will be traveling with 
JE. 
Depart Teteroboro, Atlantic Aviation 
1 
EFTA_R1_01333655 
EFTA02353308

