# EFTA02432450

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Frl Dec 25 18:17:27 2009|
|Subject|Re: Merry Xmas|

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyaeationiagmaitcomfjeeyacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 12/25/2009 11:19:02 PM Subject: Re: Merry Xmas He is a funny fucker. I love that guy. From: Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Frl Dec 25 18:17:27 2009 Subject: Re: Merry Xmas your uncle just left„ my stomach hurts from laughing On Fri, Dec 25,

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyaeationiagmaitcomfjeeyacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Fri 12/25/2009 11:19:02 PM Subject: Re: Merry Xmas He is a funny fucker. I love that guy. From: Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Frl Dec 25 18:17:27 2009 Subject: Re: Merry Xmas your uncle just left„ my stomach hurts from laughing On Fri, Dec 25, 2009 at 6:16 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. > wrote: We did it all. Chanukah. Shabbat. Xmas. George is totally confused, but the house looks like fao schwartz. How r u? ****

**[WORD]:** 11:19:02 PM Subject: Re: Merry Xmas He is a funny fucker. I love that guy. From: Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Frl Dec 25 18:17:27 2009 Subject: Re: Merry Xmas your uncle just left„ my stomach hurts from laughing On Fri, Dec 25, 2009 at 6:16 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. > wrote: We did it all. Chanukah. Shabbat. Xmas. George is totally confused, but the house looks like fao schwartz. How r u? ***** ****************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyaeationiagmaitcomfjeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Fri 12/25/2009 11:19:02 PM 
Subject: Re: Merry Xmas 
He is a funny fucker. I love that guy. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Frl Dec 25 18:17:27 2009 
Subject: Re: Merry Xmas 
your uncle just left„ my stomach hurts from laughing 
On Fri, Dec 25, 2009 at 6:16 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
> wrote: 
We did it all. Chanukah. Shabbat. Xmas. George is totally confused, but the house looks like 
fao schwartz. How r u? 
***** 
****************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01503128 
EFTA02432450

