# EFTA02452532

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** roff Subject: Re: touch base JE i will come to cambridge on the 17th and fly back th=t night to new york . so it might work perfectly On Tue, Sep 6, 2016 a= 12:17 PM, ehbarak wrote: =i Jeff As of now planned to be on the 17=h September in Boston. Planned to be in NY on the 18th- 20th for the=Clinton Global Initiative last meeting. If you want we can come to NY one day earlier on the 17th. We got a s=all pied-a-terre there (!!!V ) Best EB Sent from my iPho=e On 5 Sep 2016, at 18:27, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com» wrot=: will you be=in cambridge on the 17th. ? p

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, September 6, 2016 4:15 PM 
To: 
ehbarak; Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Re: touch base JE 
i will come to cambridge on the 17th and fly back th=t night to new york . so it might work perfectly 
On Tue, Sep 6, 2016 a= 12:17 PM, ehbarak 
wrote: 
=i Jeff 
As of now planned to be on the 17=h September in Boston. Planned to be in NY on the 18th- 20th for the=Clinton Global 
Initiative last meeting. 
If you want we can come to NY one day earlier on the 17th. We got a s=all pied-a-terre there (!!!V ) Best EB 
Sent from my iPho=e 
On 5 Sep 2016, at 18:27, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com» wrot=: 
will you be=in cambridge on the 17th. ? 
please note 
The=information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is inten=ed only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
U=authorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part=thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have receive= this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return=e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and al= copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reser=ed 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01553021 
EFTA02452532

Th= information contained in this communication is confidential, may be at=orney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is inte=ded only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE =nauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any par= thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
receiv=d this communication in error, please notify us immediately by retur= e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and a=l copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights rese=ved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01553022 
EFTA02452533

