# EFTA02697105

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin O> Sent: Sunday, March 11, 2012 8:50 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: They are coming between 7 and 7 30 Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sun, 11 Mar 2012 20:47:12 To: Subject: Re: time =0A=DA=n Sun, Mar

**[FULL]:** rch 11, 2012 8:50 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: They are coming between 7 and 7 30 Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sun, 11 Mar 2012 20:47:12 To: Subject: Re: time =0A=DA=n Sun, Mar 11, 2012 at 4:38 PM, Eva Dubin > wrote: =rubmans coming for dinner tonight. Come and say hi =ent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry =0A=----Original Message =rom: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>=> =ate: Sun, 11 Mar 2012 20:35:45 =o: =c: =ubject: =0A=mail eva =OA=- =he information

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin O> 
Sent: 
Sunday, March 11, 2012 8:50 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
They are coming between 7 and 7 30 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 11 Mar 2012 20:47:12 
To:
Subject: Re: 
time 
=0A=DA=n Sun, Mar 11, 2012 at 4:38 PM, Eva Dubin 
> wrote: 
=rubmans coming for dinner tonight. Come and say hi =ent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry =0A=----Original 
Message 
=rom: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>=> 
=ate: Sun, 11 Mar 2012 20:35:45 
=o: 
=c: 
=ubject: 
=0A=mail eva 
=OA=-
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =nd may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» , a=d =estroy this communication and all copies thereof, =ncluding all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved 
=0A=0A=0A=-
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =nd may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1331499099</integer> 
EFTA_R1_02053664 
EFTA02697105

<key>flags</key> 
<I nteger>8590195713</i nteger> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>27</integer> 
<integer>7</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>210718</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_02053665 
EFTA02697106

