# EFTA02413823

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Kevin Law|
|Sent|Sun Dec 05 12:09:52 2010|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[WORD]:** om> To: Kevin Law Sent: Sun Dec 05 12:09:52 2010 Subject: Re: after jan On Sun, Dec 5, 2010 at 11:27 AM, Kevin Law < › wrote: Left you a message ystrday. Let's reconnect soon on next steps as I try and decide how to focus for 2011. Interesting group at your place the other day. I quite liked Andrew...smart guy and very down to earth. K L **** * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ****** Mt*** ******* ******************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationftmaitcom[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Kevin Law 
Sent 
Sun 12/5/2010 5:19:05 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Have a nice holiday season. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Kevin Law 
Sent: Sun Dec 05 12:09:52 2010 
Subject: Re: 
after jan 
On Sun, Dec 5, 2010 at 11:27 AM, Kevin Law <
› wrote: 
Left you a message ystrday. Let's reconnect soon on next steps as I try and decide how to 
focus for 2011. Interesting group at your place the other day. I quite liked Andrew...smart 
guy and very down to earth. 
K L 
**** 
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ****** 
Mt*** 
******* 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmaiLcom, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01476471 
EFTA02413823

