# EFTA02670937

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: hillary

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** . Ar=hur and I were clear and had agreed that expenses would be in the form of = stipend. What I think I heard from you is that you no longer =an stand by the proposed agreement. . If that is true,=C2 please confirm to me in writing. I am very surprised =AO , and find it difficult to understand Hillary Clinton to little girls: 'Never doubt that you=are valuable and powerful' Embed Share Play Videol:18jeevacation@gmail.com <https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions=trump-voters-will-not-like-what- happens-next/2016/11/09/e346ffc2-a67f-11e6=8fc0-7be8f848c492story.html?tid=pm_pop_b> , and destroy t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, November 9, 2016 7:58 PM 
To: 
Harry Fisch 
We should pay attention, too, to the many men whose lives are about to get significantly worse under Trump. Immigrant 
men. Gay men. Black men at risk of police violence. Men who rely on the Affordable Care Act for their health insurance. 
Men who reject traditional masculinity. And even the men and women who voted Trump to victory — white people who 
tr=ded racial resentment for the kind of progressive change that would have improved their lives, too. They surely think 
feminism has nothing to offer them compared with a promise to restore them to their former position of unearned 
power; they are about to see how wrong they are. 
dear. I would like to confirm our =ecent and frankly very perplexing conversation. I had ag=eed to your proposal and 
that of Arthur Klein, .=C2 salary , sharings , responsbilities. etc. Ar=hur and I were clear and had agreed that 
expenses would be in the form of = stipend. What I think I heard from you is that you no longer =an stand by the 
proposed agreement. . If that is true,=C2 please confirm to me in writing. I am very surprised =AO , and find it 
difficult to understand 
Hillary Clinton to little girls: 'Never doubt that you=are valuable and powerful' 
Embed Share 
Play Videol:18jeevacation@gmail.com <https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions=trump-voters-will-not-like-what-
happens-next/2016/11/09/e346ffc2-a67f-11e6=8fc0-7be8f848c492story.html?tid=pm_pop_b> , and destroy this 
communic=tion and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all =ights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01924705 
EFTA02670937

