# EFTA02631103

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** M,1 cieevacation@gmail.com> wrote: let's see how it trades after =arket On Tue, Mar =2, 2019 at 11:30 AM Richard Kahu Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 =exington Avenue 4th =Ioor New York, =Y 10022 to fa ce Begin forwarded message: wrote: EFTA_R1_01851268 EFTA02631103 From: "Atlas, Andrew S" Subject: New Issue $25 Par: =riton International Limited (TRTN) Fixed for life Perpetual Preferred =tock; 8.50% Area Date: March 12, 2019 at 11:26:13 AM =DT To: "Atlas, Andrew S" <Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com> $25 =ar New Issue Syndicate Offering: Triton =nternational Limited (TRTN) 8mb

**[WORD]:** Ioor New York, =Y 10022 to fa ce Begin forwarded message: wrote: EFTA_R1_01851268 EFTA02631103 From: "Atlas, Andrew S" Subject: New Issue $25 Par: =riton International Limited (TRTN) Fixed for life Perpetual Preferred =tock; 8.50% Area Date: March 12, 2019 at 11:26:13 AM =DT To: "Atlas, Andrew S" <Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com> $25 =ar New Issue Syndicate Offering: Triton =nternational Limited (TRTN) 8mb=p; Issuer: &n=sp; Triton International Limited (TRTN) &nb=p; Securities =ffered: =nbsp; % Series A Cumulative =edeemable Perpetual Preference Shares &nb=p; Expected =atings:

**[WORD]:** ersion =ithholding Details* &nb=p; &nb=p; QDI =ligible: = Yes DRD =ligible: = No &nb=p; Subject to U.S. Tax Withholding for NRA =lients: =nbsp; See Prospectus for Tax and &nb=p; Listing: &=bsp; NYSE 2 EFTA_R1_01851269 EFTA02631104 Timing: &n=sp; &nbs=; Today's Business &nb=p; Andrew S. =tlas Senior Vice =resident Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Financial =dvisor Morgan Stanley =ealth Management 1290 Avenue of the Americas =2th Floor = New York NY 10104 Tel/Direct: NMLS ID # =326736 If you would like to =nsubscribe from marketing e-mails from Morgan Stanley Wealth =a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Tuesday, March 12, 2019 3:46 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: New Issue $25 Par. Triton International Limited (TRTN) Fixed for Life Perpetual 
Preferred Stock; 8.50% Area 
ok 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor 
Ne 
tel 
fax 
cel 
On Mar 12, 2019, at 11:43 AM,1 cieevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
let's see how it trades after =arket 
On Tue, Mar =2, 2019 at 11:30 AM Richard Kahu 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 =exington Avenue 4th =Ioor 
New York, =Y 10022 
to 
fa 
ce
Begin forwarded message: 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01851268 
EFTA02631103

From: "Atlas, Andrew S" 
Subject: New Issue $25 Par: =riton International Limited (TRTN) Fixed for life Perpetual 
Preferred =tock; 8.50% Area 
Date: March 12, 2019 at 11:26:13 AM =DT 
To: "Atlas, Andrew S" <Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com> 
$25 =ar New Issue Syndicate Offering: 
Triton =nternational Limited (TRTN) 
8mb=p; 
Issuer: 
&n=sp; Triton International Limited (TRTN) 
&nb=p; 
Securities =ffered: 
=nbsp; 
% Series A Cumulative =edeemable Perpetual Preference 
Shares 
&nb=p; 
Expected =atings: 
=nbsp; 
B+ (S&P) 
Size: 
&nbs=; 
$50mm (2mm $25 par securities) 
&nb=p; 
Format: 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; SEC Registered 
Maturity: 
=nbsp; 
=erpetual 
of each =ear 
or in part, at 
&nb=p; 
Price =alk: 
&nb=p; 
Offer =rice: 
&n=sp; 
$25.00 per share 
&nb=p; 
Payment =ates: 
&n=sp; 
and commencing June 15, 2019 
&nb=p; 
Redemption: 
&nbs=; 
At any time on or after March 15, =024, we may redeem, in whole 
&nb=p; 
8.50% Area (Fixed for Life) 
a redemption price of =25.00 per share. 
&nb=p; 
Conversion sights: 
&=bsp; 
Rights" in the red. 
&nb=p; 
Use of =roceeds: 
= 
General =orporate purposes, including purchasing containers, 
repurchasing =utstanding common shares, payment of dividends and repaying or =epurchasing outstanding 
indebtedness. In the short-term, we intend to =epay borrowings under one =f 
=nbsp; 
our revolving credit 
facilities. 
=f declared, on the 15th day of March, Junes, Sept. and Dec. 
Upon the occurrence of a Change of =ontrol, see "Conversion 
=ithholding Details* 
&nb=p; 
&nb=p; 
QDI =ligible: 
= 
Yes 
DRD =ligible: 
= No 
&nb=p; 
Subject to U.S. Tax Withholding for NRA =lients: 
=nbsp; 
See Prospectus for Tax and 
&nb=p; 
Listing: 
&=bsp; NYSE 
2 
EFTA_R1_01851269 
EFTA02631104

Timing: 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; Today's Business 
&nb=p; 
Andrew S. =tlas 
Senior Vice =resident 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Financial =dvisor 
Morgan Stanley =ealth Management 
1290 Avenue of the Americas =2th Floor = New York NY 10104 
Tel/Direct: 
NMLS ID # =326736 
If you would like to =nsubscribe from marketing e-mails from Morgan Stanley Wealth 
=anagement, you may do so here . Please note, you will still receive =ervice e-mails from Morgan Stanley Wealth 
Management. 
NOTICE: Morgan Stanley =s not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views 
contained =erein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the =eaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer =rotection Act. If you have received this communication in error, please =estroy 
all electronic and paper copies and notify the sender =mmediately. Mistransmission is not intended to waive 
confidentiality or =rivilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, to the extent required =nd/or permitted under applicable 
law, to monitor electronic =ommunications, including telephone calls with Morgan Stanley personnel. =his message is 
subject to the Morgan Stanley General Disclaimers =vailable at the following link: 
http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers. If you =annot access the links, please notify us by reply message and we 
will =end the contents to you. By communicating with Morgan Stanley you =cknowledge that you have read, understand 
and consent, (where =pplicable), to the foregoing and the Morgan Stanley General =isclaimers. 
please note 
The information contained in this =ommunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client =rivileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is =ntended only for 
3 
EFTA_R1_01851270 
EFTA02631105

the use of the addressee. It is the =roperty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure =r copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have =eceived this 
communication in error, please notify us =mmediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this =ommunication and all copies thereof, 
including all =ttachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01851271 
EFTA02631106

