# EFTA02510717

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|ann rodriquez</=|
|To|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmak.com»|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2015 5:05 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: ok, could it be. . .. On Wed, Mar 11, 2015 at 12:59 PM, Ev= Dubin > wrote: Give me an hour Sent from my i=hone On Mar 11, 2015, at 11:59 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com&=t; wrote: Please read and call=br> Forwarded messa e From: ann rodriquez</= Date: Wednesday. Mar

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, March 11, 2015 5:05 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: ok, could it be. . .. On Wed, Mar 11, 2015 at 12:59 PM, Ev= Dubin > wrote: Give me an hour Sent from my i=hone On Mar 11, 2015, at 11:59 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com&=t; wrote: Please read and call=br> Forwarded messa e From: ann rodriquez</= Date: Wednesday. March Subject: To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmak.c

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 11, 2015 5:05 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
ok, could it be. 
.
..
On Wed, Mar 11, 2015 at 12:59 PM, Ev= Dubin 
> 
wrote:
Give me an hour 
Sent from my i=hone 
On Mar 11, 2015, at 11:59 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com&=t; wrote: 
Please read and call=br> 
 
Forwarded messa e 
From: ann rodriquez</= 
Date: Wednesday. March 
Subject: 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmak.com» 
as you requested... 
Ann R. 
DISCLAIMER: The information=contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, and protected 
fro= disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notifie= that any dissemination, distribution or 
duplication of this communication=is strictly prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, =lease notify 
the sender immediately and delete all copies. 
=AO 
please note 
The information=contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client=privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for=br>the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized =se, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_01642550 
EFTA02510717

and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
co=munication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or b= e-mail to jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only =or the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthoriz=d use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this 
return e-mail o= by e-mail to j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this 
communication and all copies =hereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved </=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01642551 
EFTA02510718

