# EFTA02418050

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: palace, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** tephanie From: Peggy Siegal Sent Fri 10/15/2010 1:32:31 PM Subject London Title: London I may go to London Tuesday night and arrive Wednesday morning. Oct. 20th for "The Kings Speech' events at The London Film Festival...back Saturday or Sunday, Oct. 24. When do you come to New York? Would Andrew want to come to a screening Thursday at Film Festival or Harvey's private screening Friday for 100 people. (Since the film is a loving portrait of his grandfather. he may have to go thru the palace. They requested a print and got one.) My office is sending all the invites to our events for next

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationeNmaitcomlleevacationagmail.com] 
Cc: 
Andres Femandez 
Stephanie
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Fri 10/15/2010 1:32:31 PM 
Subject 
London 
Title: London 
I may go to London Tuesday night and arrive Wednesday morning. Oct. 20th for "The Kings Speech' events at The 
London Film Festival...back Saturday or Sunday, Oct. 24. 
When do you come to New York? Would Andrew want to come to a screening Thursday at Film Festival or Harvey's 
private screening Friday for 100 people. (Since the film is a loving portrait of his grandfather. he may have to go thru the 
palace. They requested a print and got one.) 
My office is sending all the invites to our events for next week asap. 
xoxo Peg 
EFTA_R1_01483180 
EFTA02418050

