# EFTA02249008

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff|
|To|Lesley Groff|
|Sent||
|Subject|RE: Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Lesley Groff[ From: Jeffrey E. Sent Mon 6/25/2018 1:18:08 PM Subject: Re: Eva Andersson-Paris apt Ycs On Mon, Jun 25, 2018 at 3:17 PM Lesley Groff< wrote: Reconfirming you would like Valdson to pick up Eva on July 15th from the airport and let her stay in the Paris apartment from July 15-17...Valdson will also take Eva back to CDG on July 17th... Begin forwarded message: From

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Lesley Groff[
From: 
Jeffrey E. 
Sent 
Mon 6/25/2018 1:18:08 PM 
Subject: Re: Eva Andersson-Paris apt 
Ycs 
On Mon, Jun 25, 2018 at 3:17 PM Lesley Groff< 
 wrote: 
Reconfirming you would like Valdson to pick up Eva on July 15th from the airport and let her 
stay in the Paris apartment from July 15-17...Valdson will also take Eva back to CDG on July 
17th... 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Allison Yorke c 
 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Date: June 25, 2 18 at 9:14:04 AM EDT 
To: Lesley Groff 
Hi Lesley! 
Yes, Eva is arriving on July 15. 
Here arc her flights: 
July 14th - 11:25pm Air France flight 9 from JFK to Paris arrives 12:55pm Paris time next 
day 
July 17th - 8:55pm Air France flight 1552 from Paris (CDG) arrives GOT at 10:55pm 
Thanks so much! 
Allison Yorke 
DUBIN & COMPANY 
-----Original Messa  
From: Lesley Groff
Sent: Monday, June 25, 2018 8:11 AM 
To: Allison Yorke 11IMINIMMIM 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstem 
Hello Allison! I understand Eva will stay at Jeffrey's Paris apartment in July....can you 
EFTA_R1_01030368 
EFTA02249008

please give me the details? I want to pass along to Jeffrey's houseman/driver as 
well! 
Thanks, 
Lesley 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01030369 
EFTA02249009

