# EFTA02499274

**LES WEXNER REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, ohio, property

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|To|Jeffrey Epstein<jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoieevacation@gmail.com»; Melanie|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[WORD]:** ng lady Rebecca Dobson (resume a=tached) who I very much would like to hire. Her responsibilities would inc=ude office management, administrative oversight of real estate projects, HR (in office and would suggest househo=d employees as well) and general administration. She currently works at th= Wexner Office in Ohio where she has worked for the last two years and is =oving to New York because her husband is taking a job at Goldman Sachs. She is smart, solid, and energetic and c=mes with the highest recommendations. I expect she would make around $100,=00 all in. If you have any significant ob

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, May 29, 2015 1:04 PM 
To: 
Brad Wechsler 
Subject: 
Re: 
pass now question ill tell you when i see you=next week, 
On Fri, May 29, 2015 at 7:38 AM, Brad Wechsler <=a href="mailto 
target="_blank" 
wrote: 
Jeffrey-i say "understood" but not sure I really do...wld like to=talk before I contact her. She's 28, worked there 
for two years, is, l=believe, a work horse and very solid. Can u call me at 
ctel
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From: 
<mailto
Date: Thu, 28 May 2015 21:12:11 +0000 
To: Jeffrey Epstein<jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoieevacation@gmail.com»; Melanie 
Spinella
ReplyTo: 
Subject: Re: 
mailto
1. Understood. I will pass on her tomorrow. Btw, adjusted for level, she ha= been the most impressive person 
I've interviewed since I've been =ere. 
2. As a function of my conversation with the paul weiss dodd frank people I=am going to have rich j set up AP 
Tradeco and have it simply reflect my di=cretionary trading authorities. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Thu, 28 May 2015 15:06:38 -0400 
To: Brad Wechsler 
mails 
> 
Subject: Re: 
not a good idea. ill explain when i see you 
On Thu Ma 28 2015 at 3:01 PM, Brad Wechsler <=pan dir="Itr"> 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Je=frey, 
EFTA_R1_01625547 
EFTA02499274

I =ust had the opportunity to interview a young lady Rebecca Dobson (resume a=tached) who I very 
much would like to hire. Her responsibilities would inc=ude office management, administrative oversight of real estate 
projects, HR (in office and would suggest househo=d employees as well) and general administration. She currently works 
at th= Wexner Office in Ohio where she has worked for the last two years and is =oving to New York because her 
husband is taking a job at Goldman Sachs. She is smart, solid, and energetic and c=mes with the highest 
recommendations. I expect she would make around $100,=00 all in. If you have any significant objections please let me 
know as so=n as possible as she is entertaining another offer. Thanks. Brad 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It =s the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of thi= communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be=unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please noti=y us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> , and des=roy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachment=. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01625548 
EFTA02499275

