# EFTA02551626

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey epstein (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent|Friday, March 09, 2012 02:19 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Farkas, Andrew L. < Sent: Friday, March 9, 2012 11:24 AM To: jeevacation@qmail.com' Subject: Re: I don't understand. Original Message From: jeffrey epstein (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Friday, March 09, 2012 02:19 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L My guy leaves Tomorw ???? Sorry for all the typos .Se

**[WORD]:** From: Farkas, Andrew L. < Sent: Friday, March 9, 2012 11:24 AM To: jeevacation@qmail.com' Subject: Re: I don't understand. Original Message From: jeffrey epstein (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Friday, March 09, 2012 02:19 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L My guy leaves Tomorw ???? Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprieta

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. < 
Sent: 
Friday, March 9, 2012 11:24 AM 
To: 
jeevacation@qmail.com' 
Subject: 
Re: 
I don't understand. 
 
Original Message 
From: jeffrey epstein (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, March 09, 2012 02:19 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
My guy leaves Tomorw ???? 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary,=privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, =r otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or und=r applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby n=tified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, dissemi=ating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including=any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this me=sage in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the messa=e (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in=electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be =onsidered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any ag=eement with C-III Capital Partners LLC or any of its affiliates, each of w=ich 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by C-III Capital Pa=tners LLC or such affiliate. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>213832</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1331292223</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>210404</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01707816 
EFTA02551626

