# EFTA00016157 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell • Maxwell has been charged with facilitating the sexual abuse of underaged girls by Jeffrey Epstein. • The charged conduct occurred in New York city, Palm Beach, Florida, Santa Fe, New Mexico, and London, England. • If you recognize either of these persons and feel you may be a victim, plea

### Match 2
> deraged girls by Jeffrey Epstein. • The charged conduct occurred in New York city, Palm Beach, Florida, Santa Fe, New Mexico, and London, England. • If you recognize either of these persons and feel you may be a victim, please call the following number: 1-800-CALL FBI EFTA00016157 U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell Properties Owned by Epstein Where Alleged Grooming and/or Abuse of Minor Victims Occurred: New York, New York Palm Beach, Florida Santa Fe, New Mexico EFTA00016158

### Match 3
> U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell • Maxwell has been charged with facilitating the sexual abuse of underaged girls by Jeffrey Epstein. • The charged conduct occurred in New York city, Palm Beach, Florida, Santa Fe, New Mexico, and London, England. • If you recognize either of these persons and feel you may be a vict

### Match 4
> U.S. v. Ghislaine Maxwell • Maxwell has been charged with facilitating the sexual abuse of underaged girls by Jeffrey Epstein. • The charged conduct occurred in New York city, Palm Beach, Florida, Santa Fe, New Mexico, and London, England. • If you recognize either of these persons and feel you may be a victim, please call the
