# EFTA02593483

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffre= E. Imailto:jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Larry Cohen; Bill Gates|
|Sent|Monday, October 20, 2014 9:59 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** > wrote: It sounds like you and I =hould talk. You don't want Bo=is to sign any side letter, so that's something new as he and his =eam has been fine with it. From: jeffre= E. Imailto:jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, October 20, 2014 9:59 AM To: Larry Cohen; Bill Gates Subject: I m afraid , Rodi, is giving boris a very hard=unnecessary time. lets talk ..re the side letter etc please no=e The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of th

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, October 20, 2014 5:42 PM 
To: 
Larry Cohen 
Subject: 
Re: 
his team knows nothing about boris. 
On Mon, Oct 20, 2014 at 1:4= PM, Larry Cohen < 
<mailtc 
> wrote: 
It sounds like you and I =hould talk. 
You don't want Bo=is to sign any side letter, so that's something new as he and his =eam has been fine with it. 
From: jeffre= E. Imailto:jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Monday, October 20, 2014 9:59 AM 
To: Larry Cohen; Bill Gates 
Subject: 
I m afraid , Rodi, is giving boris a very hard=unnecessary time. lets talk ..re the side letter etc 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01776824 
EFTA02593483

The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to 
jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01776825 
EFTA02593484

