# EFTA02329021

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Eva Dubi|
|To|=Ellen Marmur|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** k you for your referral. rote: I am chairing a meeting in New Orleans. Can she come see me at Sam or =30 pm Monday or Tuesday? Will she want a laser treatment if no major down =ime? We are triple booked so please apologize in advance if busy! All the best!! Ellen On Friday, November 11, 2016, Eva Dubin Happy Friday Ellen, I have a very close friend with bad rosacea who is only in NY for a few =ays. Any chance you can squeeze her in over the next few days?<= style="color:rgb(34,34,34);font-family:arial,sans-serif;font-size:16px"= wrote: EFTA_R1_01256424 EFTA02329021 Big hug, Eva Dr. Ellen

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, November 11, 2016 5:58 PM 
To: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
 
Forwarded messa - 
From: Eva Dubi 
Date: Fri, Nov 11, 2016 at 12:55 PM 
Subject: Re: 
To:=Ellen Marmur 
You are the best!! 
I am sure she can... 
Checking now!!! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 11, 2016, at 12:54 PM, Ellen Marmur 
Hi Eva, 
How are you? Thank you for your referral. 
rote: 
I am chairing a meeting in New Orleans. Can she come see me at Sam or =30 pm Monday or Tuesday? Will she 
want a laser treatment if no major down =ime? We are triple booked so please apologize in advance if busy! 
All the best!! 
Ellen 
On Friday, November 11, 2016, Eva Dubin 
Happy Friday Ellen, 
I have a very close friend with bad rosacea who is only in NY for a few =ays. Any chance you can 
squeeze her in over the next few days?<= style="color:rgb(34,34,34);font-family:arial,sans-serif;font-size:16px"= 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01256424 
EFTA02329021

Big hug, 
Eva 
Dr. Ellen Marmur 
President/Founder, Marmur Medical 
www.marmurm=dical.com <http://www.marmurmedical.com> 
Associate Clinical Professor, The Department of Dermatology 
Associate Clinical Professor, The Department of Genomics & Genetic=Science 
The Mount Sinai Medical Center 
New York, New York 10029 
`SECURITY/CONFIDENTIALITY WARNING: 
This message and any attachments are intended solely for the individua= or entity to which they are addressed. 
This communication may contain inf=rmation that is privileged, confidential, or exempt from disclosure under =pplicable 
law (e.g., personal health information, research data, financial information). Because this e-mail ha= been sent without 
encryption, individuals other than the intended recipie=t may be able to view the information, forward it to others or 
tamper with=the information without the knowledge or consent of the sender. If you are not the intended recipient, any 
disse=ination, distribution or copying of the communication is strictly prohibit=d. If you received the communication in 
error, please notify the sender im=ediately by replying to this message and deleting the message and any accompanying 
files from your system. If, =ue to the security risks, you do not wish to receive further communication= via e-mail, please 
reply to this message and inform the sender that you d= not wish to receive further e-mail from the sender. 
4)>=A0 please note 
The information contained in this commu=ication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
cons=itute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addre=see. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copyi=g of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
a=d may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pl=ase notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, a=d 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
2 
EFTA_R1_01256425 
EFTA02329022

including all a=tachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_0 1256426 
EFTA02329023

