# EFTA00031494 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM
- **Subject:** Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> t: FW: Maxwell Big congrats! Very impressive you were able to bring this home. You guys are by far the most productive members of the unit during quarantine. From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU - Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already is making it seem like these charges were inevitable, that they were anything but, and

### Match 2
> t: FW: Maxwell Big congrats! Very impressive you were able to bring this home. You guys are by far the most productive members of the unit during quarantine. From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU - Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already is making it seem like these charges were inevitable, that they were anything b

### Match 3
> From: To: ' Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 14:49:02 +0000 Ha, thank you!! From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:48 To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Big congrats! Very impressive you were able to bring this home. You guys are by far the most productive members of the unit during quarantine. From: Sent: Thursday, Jul

### Match 4
> From: To: ' Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 14:49:02 +0000 Ha, thank you!! From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:48 To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Big congrats! Very impressive you were able to bring this home. You guys are by far the most productive members of the unit during quarantine. From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU - Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxw

### Match 5
> +0000 Ha, thank you!! From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:48 To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Big congrats! Very impressive you were able to bring this home. You guys are by far the most productive members of the unit during quarantine. From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU - Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already
