# EFTA02567223

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: flight, white house, president, bill, campaign

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Peggy Siegal|
|To||
|Sent|Thursday, March 07, 2013 08:51 AM|
|Subject|Oscar Diary|

---

**[FULL]:** 's" victory is Daniel Day Lewis from day one of shooting, no pun in=ended. The suggestion that Obama is our answer to Lincoln was interesting= Voters knew Obama secretly hosted three screenings in the White House, bu= they weren't invited. The Hollywood Foreign press were the biggest winner= with Bill Clinton's surprise appearance on their broadcast. DreamWorks' r=n an impeccable patriotic campaign that the media ate up. The best director race had the most drama. Hollywood dreaded Spielberg loo=ing to Ang Lee. (Eventually everyone was thrilled Steven was anointed pres=dent of the Cannes Jury f

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Peggy Siegal < 
Sent: 
Thursday, March 7, 2013 2:03 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Fw: Oscar Diary 
> 
I am struggling thru this. It is so late already. I am so stressed out. =ill finishe is in a day or two.. I can not write about 
the Katzenberg par=y. Maybe can just mention is happened in my hotel. But the reason to go =as to support 
Katzenberg and network. More to come. Peg 
 
Original Message 
From: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Thursday, March 07, 2013 08:51 AM 
=o: Peggy Siegal 
Subject: Oscar Diary 
It's Thursday morning on Wilshire Boulevard and the Academy of Motion Pictu=es Arts and Sciences has just opened it's 
doors for ticket pick-up for the=85th Oscar telecast. 
Forty voting members, the distinguished director Norman Jewison and I are o= a long single file line that snakes thru the 
lobby patiently waiting to g= upstairs to pick up our tickets. My seats were awarded via a lottery syst=m. We clutch our 
photo I.D. 
Suddenly, a messenger slips in wearing a smart khaki windbreaker and cuts t=rough the line. He announces to the 
uniformed guard in a stage whisper, "D=eamworks", and as if Steven Spielberg himself had just delivered the Getty=burg 
address, is ushered upstairs. 
That is the final act of social justice of the "Lincoln" campaign. 
I am sleep deprived and jet lagged having just spent six hours on a flight =itting next Paula Wagner who is Tom Cruise's 
ex-agent turned Broadway prod=cer for Jessica Chastain's "The Heiress". We discuss Jessica's not so gre=t chances to 
beat Jennifer Lawrence for Best Actress. I mention Harvey Wei=stein's concern about Emmanuel Riva's last minute 
surge. The French phenom=na doesn't speak English, has never been to L.A. and it's like voting for = ghost, even on her 
86th birthday. 
This is the year I got phone calls in September from top studio executives =nnouncing each are winning the Oscar. Their 
euphoric giddiness is due to =he quality of the films resulting in the priciest oscar campaigns on recor= and astounding 
audience support at the theaters. 
Seven of the nine best picture nominees have taken in well over $100 millio= at the domestic box office to date, but it's 
the worldwide numbers in the=millions that are staggering. 
Twentieth Century Fox's "Life of Pi" caused a tsunami at $595, Universal's "Les Miserables" scored $412, the Weinstein 
Cos.' "Django Uncha=ned" whipped up $395, DreamWorks' "Lincoln" delivered at $254, Warner's "A=go" captured $219, 
Weinstein's "Silver Lining Playbook" danced to $187 and=Sony's "Zero Dark Thirty" killed at $107 million. 
In comparison, Sony Classics' "Amour" received $19 and Fox Searchlights' "B=ast of the Southern Wild" worked up $19 
million. 
EFTA_R1_01733426 
EFTA02567223

Hugh audiences having actually seen the films this year have an ear for the=nuances of the Oscar race and everyone 
including Ben Affleck follow the bl=ggers religiously. 
So by Thursday morning on line at the Academy the informed buzz was as foll=ws: "Argo" takes best picture because is 
was most entertaining. The direc=or snub to Ben Affleck was a Godsend as George Clooney's advice came from =ar away 
Berlin where he was in pre-production on "The Monuments Men". Warn=r's president Sue Kroll kept the campaign clean 
and calm on the home front= 
"Lincoln's" victory is Daniel Day Lewis from day one of shooting, no pun in=ended. The suggestion that Obama is our 
answer to Lincoln was interesting= Voters knew Obama secretly hosted three screenings in the White House, bu= they 
weren't invited. The Hollywood Foreign press were the biggest winner= with Bill Clinton's surprise appearance on their 
broadcast. DreamWorks' r=n an impeccable patriotic campaign that the media ate up. 
The best director race had the most drama. Hollywood dreaded Spielberg loo=ing to Ang Lee. (Eventually everyone was 
thrilled Steven was anointed pres=dent of the Cannes Jury for 2013 the day after the awards show.) 
The voters knew beloved Ang Lee's three year boat ride was the technical mi=acle. Fox's $595 million international box 
office blew in the win. 
Harvey Weinstein having three horses running is always the most talked abou=. His loquacious Quentin Tarentino was a 
lock for screenplay. Best suppo=ting actor was a total toss up with a sentimental edge to Robert DeNiro. W= even 
applauded Bob putting his handprints in cement in front of Grauman's=Chinese Theater. 
The conversations continued about how our government put the cabasch on "Ze=o Dark Thirty" with their arrogant 
denial of enhanced interrogation. Even =PAA President Chris Dodd could not help Mark Boal, Katherine Bigalow and A=y 
Pascal. 
Additional chatter was the renewed last minute love for "Les Miserables". =learly the most polarizing film in the race, 
this 27 year old theatrical=musical seen by 60 million fans is now the talk of the Oscar weekend. 
Hugh Jackman, Anne Hathaway, Russell Crowe, Amanda Segfried, Eddie Redmayne= Sasha Baron Cohen, Helena 
Bonham Carter and Samanthe Barks are making an =istoric one time live performance as part of Sunday's television 
broadcast= Producers Craig Zadan and Neil Meron's will attempt to razzel dazzel us w=th an homage to movie musicals 
for three plus hours at the Dolby theater.=20 
Barbra Streisand, Adele and Shirley Basse's appearances also create high an=iety and a blood bath for tickets...hence the 
hysteria created by DreamWor=s' messenger cutting the line. 
After checking into the iconic Beverly Hills Hotel, my home away from home =or 30 years of Oscar weekends and 
meticulously laying out all the ensemble= sent from Valentino and Ralph Rucci, I hit the party circuit overdressed=for 
life. 
Daisy... I can do this...fairly easily now...but I have a lunch at 12:30pm =nd important meetings. I am so distraught 
about all this pressure. I am=calling you now. Peggy=?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>247786</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01733427 
EFTA02567224

<I nteger>1362664998</i nteger> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>280866</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01733428 
EFTA02567225

