# EFTA02472833

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, February 13, 2016 10:39 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: yes of course thanks, your parents look =reat. =n Sat, Feb 13, 2016 at 5:35 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: Ye=.. But you want the tattoo lady Not Dr Kolker..?= Sent from my iPhone On Feb 13, 2016, at 5:32 =M, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: dr k

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, February 13, 2016 10:39 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: yes of course thanks, your parents look =reat. =n Sat, Feb 13, 2016 at 5:35 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: Ye=.. But you want the tattoo lady Not Dr Kolker..?= Sent from my iPhone On Feb 13, 2016, at 5:32 =M, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: dr kolker said that he wasnt sure if there was en=ugh room for karynas mothers tatoo appt on the 26th, can you

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, February 13, 2016 10:39 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
yes of course thanks, your parents look =reat. 
=n Sat, Feb 13, 2016 at 5:35 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
Ye=.. 
But you want the tattoo lady 
Not Dr Kolker..?= 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 13, 2016, at 5:32 =M, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
dr kolker said that he wasnt sure if there was en=ugh room for karynas mothers tatoo appt on the 26th, 
can you c=ll and put some pressure. 
please note 
The=information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is inten=ed only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
U=authorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part=thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have receive= this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return=e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and al= copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reser=ed 
=C2 please note 
EFTA_R1_01584954 
EFTA02472833

The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01584955 
EFTA02472834

