# EFTA00013277 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 18

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM
- **To:** BRO/Exec Assistant—
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: aNIMME> To: USANYS " (USANYS)" (USANYS)" Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Tue, 05 Jan 2021 00:34:54 +0000 FYI Begin forwarded message: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Date: January 4, 2021 at 7:09:14 PM EST To: BRO/Exec Assistant— , Christian Everdell , "Mark S. Cohen" Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) write t

### Match 2
> aNIMME> To: USANYS " (USANYS)" (USANYS)" Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Tue, 05 Jan 2021 00:34:54 +0000 FYI Begin forwarded message: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Date: January 4, 2021 at 7:09:14 PM EST To: BRO/Exec Assistant— , Christian Everdell , "Mark S. Cohen" Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) write to report that she was physically mistreated and verbal) threatened by MDC staff over the weekend. Officer MI (sp) performed a body search of Ms. Maxwell inside her isolation cell with her back to the handheld camera. During the search

### Match 3
> YS)" Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Tue, 05 Jan 2021 00:34:54 +0000 FYI Begin forwarded message: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Date: January 4, 2021 at 7:09:14 PM EST To: BRO/Exec Assistant— , Christian Everdell , "Mark S. Cohen" Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) write to report that she was physically mistreated and verbal) threatened by MDC staff over the weekend. Officer MI (sp) performed a body search of Ms. Maxwell inside her isolation cell with her back to the handheld camera. During the search, Officer squeezed Ms. Maxwell's breast

### Match 4
> From: aNIMME> To: USANYS " (USANYS)" (USANYS)" Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Tue, 05 Jan 2021 00:34:54 +0000 FYI Begin forwarded message: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Date: January 4, 2021 at 7:09:14 PM EST To: BRO/Exec Assistant— , Christian Everdell , "Mark S. Cohen" Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509)

### Match 5
> aNIMME> To: USANYS " (USANYS)" (USANYS)" Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Tue, 05 Jan 2021 00:34:54 +0000 FYI Begin forwarded message: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Date: January 4, 2021 at 7:09:14 PM EST To: BRO/Exec Assistant— , Christian Everdell , "Mark S. Cohen" Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) write to report that she was physically mistreated and verbal) threatened by MDC staff over the weekend. Officer MI (sp) performed a body search of Ms. Maxwell inside her isolation cell with her back to the handheld camera. During th

### Match 6
> YS)" Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Tue, 05 Jan 2021 00:34:54 +0000 FYI Begin forwarded message: From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM Date: January 4, 2021 at 7:09:14 PM EST To: BRO/Exec Assistant— , Christian Everdell , "Mark S. Cohen" Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) write to report that she was physically mistreated and verbal) threatened by MDC staff over the weekend. Officer MI (sp) performed a body search of Ms. Maxwell inside her isolation cell with her back to the handheld camera. During the search, Officer squeezed Ms. Maxwell's

### Match 7
> ST To: BRO/Exec Assistant— , Christian Everdell , "Mark S. Cohen" Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Counsel for Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) write to report that she was physically mistreated and verbal) threatened by MDC staff over the weekend. Officer MI (sp) performed a body search of Ms. Maxwell inside her isolation cell with her back to the handheld camera. During the search, Officer squeezed Ms. Maxwell's breast with vice-like pressure equivalent to a mammography. Ms. Maxwell physically recoiled in response to pain caused by Officer Another guard, Officer (sP) threatened to charg

### Match 8
> for Ghislaine Maxwell (02879-509) write to report that she was physically mistreated and verbal) threatened by MDC staff over the weekend. Officer MI (sp) performed a body search of Ms. Maxwell inside her isolation cell with her back to the handheld camera. During the search, Officer squeezed Ms. Maxwell's breast with vice-like pressure equivalent to a mammography. Ms. Maxwell physically recoiled in response to pain caused by Officer Another guard, Officer (sP) threatened to charge Ms. Maxwell with "assaulting an officer" should she move again during a search of her person. Ms. Maxwell repor

### Match 9
> streated and verbal) threatened by MDC staff over the weekend. Officer MI (sp) performed a body search of Ms. Maxwell inside her isolation cell with her back to the handheld camera. During the search, Officer squeezed Ms. Maxwell's breast with vice-like pressure equivalent to a mammography. Ms. Maxwell physically recoiled in response to pain caused by Officer Another guard, Officer (sP) threatened to charge Ms. Maxwell with "assaulting an officer" should she move again during a search of her person. Ms. Maxwell reported the physical incident to a staff psychologist and to an associate warden

### Match 10
> nside her isolation cell with her back to the handheld camera. During the search, Officer squeezed Ms. Maxwell's breast with vice-like pressure equivalent to a mammography. Ms. Maxwell physically recoiled in response to pain caused by Officer Another guard, Officer (sP) threatened to charge Ms. Maxwell with "assaulting an officer" should she move again during a search of her person. Ms. Maxwell reported the physical incident to a staff psychologist and to an associate warden and was examined by medical staff. In addition to written reports, the physical and verbal incidents should have been c
