# EFTA00029390 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE
**Mentions:** 5

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> tein? 1C A. Yes. And her and her -- girlfriend, 11 manager. She was the manager of al 1 the households, 12 because he has homes all over the world. 13 Q. Right. 14 A. So we have -- she was my boss, and I deal 15 directly with her. 16 Q. Who was -- 17 A. Elaine Maxwell. 18 Q. Ms. Maxwell, that's h is girlfriend, 19 correct? 20 A. Um-hum. 21 Q nuring the. oloynn yo.t; rs ha wrollr, rnme. 22 down, she would inform you that they were coming down? 23 A. Right. 24 Q. Make arrangements to have the house ready? 25 A. Right. J. CONSOR & ASSOCIATES REPORTING & TRANSCRIPT

### Match 2
> 16 they went quickly. 17 0. They would come and go, come and go. 16 What about the assistant that was his 19 personal assistant that would fly with him? 20 A. It was an English girl that '1 wnnld travel with him a int and herame the pergnnal 22 assistant. But most of the time it was Ms. Maxwell that 23 traveled with him all the time. 24 Q. She was basically like his 25 A. Girlfriend, whatever it was. Boss, J. CONSOR & ASSOCIATES REPORTING & TRANSCRIPTION 561.635.9738 NON PARTY (VR) 000536 EFTA00029397 Page 9 1 girlfriend. She was our immediate superior. 2 Q. Did he have

### Match 3
> ave a table -- massage table in 1 5 basically every room, guest room. 16 Q. The girls that would come over to do 17 massages, they would massage him first or massage guests? 18 A. Different times. There were -- mostly they 19 was his massage. Mostly he would get massages. 20 Q. Would Ms. Maxwell be in the room with him 71 while he was /jetting the message, 22 A. We don't know. Apparently we saw her going 23 upstairs, because it was -- when they went upstairs, they 24 closed -- his quarters, it had a double door, so it was a 25 door on top of the stairs -- I don't know if you've

### Match 4
> s that I saw in the sink, 23 they were left out on the sink, and just 24 Q. Where would he keep these massagers? 25 A. When I was there, we keep all the stuff in 3. CONSOR & ASSOCIATES REPORTING & TRANSCRIPTION 561.835.9738 NON PARTY (VR) 000540 EFTA00029401 Page 13 1 a basket inside Ms. Maxwell's closet. It was a big 2 basket, about this round (indicating), with a cover on 3 it. And we used to pick up from the towel and just dump 4 it in there. That's it. That's the standard we went 5 through. 6 Q. What sink would you find those massagers 7 in? 8 A. Mostly in his sink, in

### Match 5
> ndicating), with a cover on 3 it. And we used to pick up from the towel and just dump 4 it in there. That's it. That's the standard we went 5 through. 6 Q. What sink would you find those massagers 7 in? 8 A. Mostly in his sink, in his bathroom sink. 9 Q. His bathroom sink? 20 Was Ms. Maxwell still his girlfriend at 11 that time? 12 A. Oh, yeah. 13 Q. Still his girlfriend that you know of right 14 now? 15 A. Yeah. We left, she was still his 16 girlfriend. I don't know now, but she was still there. 17 Q. Why did you leave at the end? 18 A. It was a hard job. It was a
