# EFTA02731615 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet12
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Spinoff interview from Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Cc: Subject: Date: RE: Spinoff ntennew from Maxwell Wednesday, May 12, 2021 4:06:48 PM Great, thank you for the update. Subject: RE: Spinoff interview from Maxwell Hi Just following up on this. It took a bit to sort out with and the victim's attorney, but the interview is tentatively scheduled for next Tuesday, 5/18. I will keep you posted.

### Match 2
> From: To: Cc: Subject: Date: RE: Spinoff ntennew from Maxwell Wednesday, May 12, 2021 4:06:48 PM Great, thank you for the update. Subject: RE: Spinoff interview from Maxwell Hi Just following up on this. It took a bit to sort out with and the victim's attorney, but the interview is tentatively scheduled for next Tuesday, 5/18. I will keep you posted. Thanks, Subject: Spinoff interview from Maxwell Hi We'd like to ask you to interview a witness that would be a s

### Match 3
> at, thank you for the update. Subject: RE: Spinoff interview from Maxwell Hi Just following up on this. It took a bit to sort out with and the victim's attorney, but the interview is tentatively scheduled for next Tuesday, 5/18. I will keep you posted. Thanks, Subject: Spinoff interview from Maxwell Hi We'd like to ask you to interview a witness that would be a spin-off from the Maxwell case, in order to decide whether we should open an investigation. can fill you in on the details, and will be the agent who sits in on the interview. Please let us know if you have any questions or would

### Match 4
> ing up on this. It took a bit to sort out with and the victim's attorney, but the interview is tentatively scheduled for next Tuesday, 5/18. I will keep you posted. Thanks, Subject: Spinoff interview from Maxwell Hi We'd like to ask you to interview a witness that would be a spin-off from the Maxwell case, in order to decide whether we should open an investigation. can fill you in on the details, and will be the agent who sits in on the interview. Please let us know if you have any questions or would like to discuss. Thanks very much! U.S. Attorney's Office Southern District of New York
