# EFTA02456678

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york, flight, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Richard Kahn (maiIto|
|To|Giacomo, Jenna|
|Sent|Wednesday, July 27, 2016 11:56 AM|
|Subject|Fwd: Final Trip Sheet Wed 7/27|

---

**[WORD]:** Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 tel = fax cell = Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Giacomo, Jenna" Subject: =/b>RE: Final Trip =heet Wed 7/27 Date: July 27, 2016 at 11:57:30 AM EDT To: =/b>Richard Kahn <- I =ave been instructed to have the company bill Andrew as they normally do =or his flights. From: Richard Kahn (maiIto Sent: Wednesday, July 27, 2016 11:56 AM To: Giacomo, Jenna Subject: Fwd: Final Trip Sheet Wed 7/27 i did not see costs on attached =o:p class=""> please advise thanks EFTA_R1_01560050 EFTA02456678 Richard Kahn HBRK Associate

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Wednesday, July 27, 2016 4:08 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
hell costs 
still no one from andrew office has provided cost as he owns = fractional ownership with Heli Flight it appears andrew 
=ill send to you or i at a later date.. 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel = 
fax 
cell = 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Giacomo, Jenna" 
Subject: =/b>RE: Final Trip =heet Wed 7/27 
Date: July 27, 2016 at 11:57:30 AM EDT 
To: =/b>Richard Kahn <-
I =ave been instructed to have the company bill Andrew as they normally do =or his flights. 
From: Richard Kahn (maiIto 
Sent: Wednesday, July 27, 2016 11:56 AM 
To: Giacomo, Jenna 
Subject: Fwd: Final Trip Sheet Wed 7/27 
i did not see costs on attached =o:p class=""> 
please advise 
thanks 
EFTA_R1_01560050 
EFTA02456678

Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: ifly =eliflite Scheduling & Dispatch <ifly@heliflite.com> 
Subject: Final Trip =heet Wed 7/27 
Date: July 26, =016 at 5:19:07 PM EDT 
To: "Giacomo, =enna" 
>
Cc: ifly =eliflite Scheduling & Dispatch <ifly@heliflite.com> 
Hi Jenna, 
Attached is the trip sheet =or tomorrow to take 6 passengers from E 34th to =ard College and then the return 
back to E 34th at =pm. 
Regards 
Tapan Naik 
2 
EFTA_R1_01560051 
EFTA02456679

Scheduling & =ispatch 
office =88.802.9822 I fax 862.902.1566 
About HeliFlite: 
• 
9 Executive Cabin Class Helicopters 
* 
Twin Engine 
▪ 
Dual Piloted 
▪ 
Wyvern Recommended 
• 
ARG/US Platinum Rated 
Based at =WR and Downtown Chicago 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended =xclusively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is =ddressed. This communication may contain information that is =onfidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from 
=isclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not =he intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, =etaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including =ny reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this =essage in error, please 
contact the sender immediately and destroy the =essage (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, 
whether in electronic or hard copy format. =othing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
=greement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island =apital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island =apital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01560052 
EFTA02456680

