# EFTA02573740

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, August 1, 2013 10:07 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel; Steve Hanson Subject: Re: RE : RE : Re: coordinate On Thu, Aug 1, 2013 at 6:06 PM, Jean Luc Brune either I cannot tomorrow morning But Saturday yes Envoye depuis un mobile Samsun= <mailt wrote: Message d'origine De : Jeffrey Epstein sieevacation@gmail.com <mailtoieevacation@gmail.co

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, August 1, 2013 10:07 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel; Steve Hanson 
Subject: 
Re: RE : RE : Re: 
coordinate 
On Thu, Aug 1, 2013 at 6:06 PM, Jean Luc Brune 
either 
I cannot tomorrow morning 
But Saturday yes 
Envoye depuis un mobile Samsun= 
<mailt 
wrote: 
 
Message d'origine  
De : Jeffrey Epstein sieevacation@gmail.com <mailtoieevacation@gmail.com» 
Date : 02/08/2013 12:05 AM (GMT+02:00) 
A : John look 
ailto 
Objet : Re: 
s flying to ranch tomorw. steve hanson on sat,=A0 we will go from here to vegas. you can come with 
On Thu, Aug 1, 2013 at 11:53 AM, John look <I
irote: 
Hi 
Back in ny 
Just want to know if Vegas is on that I can organize myself 
Thanks 
JI 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA_R1_01743991 
EFTA02573740

confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01743992 
EFTA02573741

