# EFTA00025324 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Sigrid McCawley
- **To:** Sigrid McCawley
- **Sent:** Thursday, January 16, 2020 14:35
- **Subject:** RE:

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ndrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: Sigrid McCawley Sent: Frida Janua 10, 2020 3:59 PM To: Cc: ; Subject: RE: follow-up request Hello EFTA00025326 Let me follow up with about her journal. I know she shared some pictures with you from around the time period when she was with Epstein/Maxwell. I will ask her about the journal ASAP and will get back to you and will check with her to see if she has anything else that might be helpful to the investigation. All my best, Sigrid Sigrid McCawley Partner BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER LLP www.bsfllp.com From: [mailto: Sent: Friday, January 10

### Match 2
> request Hope you had a wonderful holida season and very happy New Year. We wanted to follow up on a request we made after interviewing a few months ago. During her interview, referred to several entries in her journal that had helped refresh her recollection of the events involving Epstein and Maxwell. As we mentioned at the end of the interview, it would be very helpful to our investigation if we could review those journal entries, as well as any other records or documents may have that relate to her experiences with Epstein and Maxwell. Would be willing to share with us any relevant jour

### Match 3
> h her recollection of the events involving Epstein and Maxwell. As we mentioned at the end of the interview, it would be very helpful to our investigation if we could review those journal entries, as well as any other records or documents may have that relate to her experiences with Epstein and Maxwell. Would be willing to share with us any relevant journal entries (or any other relevant documents she may have) to assist in our investigation? Happy to have a call to discuss if that would be helpful. Thank Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza
