# EFTA02592472

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffre= E. [mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> ]|
|To|Pritzker, Tom|
|Sent|Friday, October 03, 2014 03:11 PM|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** ] Sent: Friday, October 03, 2014 03:11 PM To: Pritzker, Tom Subject: Re: 340-775-8111 <tel:340-775-8111> On Friday, October 3, 2014, Pritzker, To wrote:<=> Yup. On Oct 3, 2014, at 10:16 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>= wrote: wrote: in our Jewish poker game, I see you called my-=" Bill Gates" and raised me a " president", I am exami=ing my cards and unless i hold a- female noble prize winner with a g=eat body, I might have to throw in my hand and concede the pot On Thu, Oct 2, 2014 at 9:58 PM, Pritzker, Tom <> wrote: Spent 2.5 hours with president last night. Fas=inating. On my wa

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, October 4, 2014 10:19 AM 
To: 
Pritzker, Tom 
Subject: 
Re: Re: 
ok 
On Fri, Oct 3, 2014 at 4:58 PM, Pritzker, Tom 
In UK, will probably call=tomorrow or Sunday. 
From: jeffre= E. [mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> ] 
Sent: Friday, October 03, 2014 03:11 PM 
To: Pritzker, Tom 
Subject: Re: 
340-775-8111 <tel:340-775-8111> 
On Friday, October 3, 2014, Pritzker, To 
wrote:<=> 
Yup. 
On Oct 3, 2014, at 10:16 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>= wrote: 
wrote: 
in our Jewish poker game, I see you called my-=" Bill Gates" and raised me a " president", I am 
exami=ing my cards and unless i hold a- female noble prize winner with a g=eat body, I might have to throw in my hand 
and concede the pot 
On Thu, Oct 2, 2014 at 9:58 PM, Pritzker, Tom <> wrote: 
Spent 2.5 hours with president last night. Fas=inating. 
On my way to Oxford to hang with Ruben. 
More later. What number? 
The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely =or the 
addressee(s) and may contain confidential and/or privileged informa=ion and may be legally protected from disclosure. 
If you are not the inten=ed recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in 
EFTA_R1_01775410 
EFTA02592472

error, please-immediately alert the sender by reply email and then delete this message a=d any attachments. If you are 
not the intended recipient, you are hereby rptified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or 
its attachments is strictly prohibi=ed. 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client 
privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The contents of this email message and any attachmen=s are intended solely for the addressee(s) and 
may contain confidential an=/or privileged information and may be legally protected from disclosure. 1= you are not the 
intended recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to y=u in error, please 
immediately alert the sender by reply email and then de=ete this message and any attachments. If you are not the 
intended recipien=, you are hereby notified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its 
attachm=nts is strictly prohibited. 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01775411 
EFTA02592473

The contents of this email message and any attachments are intended solely =or the addressee(s) and may 
contain confidential and/or privileged informa=ion and may be legally protected from disclosure. If you are not the 
inten=ed recipient of this message or their agent, or if this message has been addressed to you in error, 
please=immediately alert the sender by reply email and then delete this message a=d any attachments. If you are not 
the intended recipient, you are hereby n=tified that any use, dissemination, copying, or storage of this message or its 
attachments is strictly prohibi=ed. 
=C2 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to 
jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01775412 
EFTA02592474

