# EFTA02410609

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, celina

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com>|
|To|PETER MANDELSON|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** nfleevacation mail.com] From: petermandelson Sent Wed 6/30/2010 2:54:01 PM Subject Re: How do you mean oxford ? University ? Who wd do it ? Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> Date: Wed, 30 Jun 2010 10:38:12 -0400 To: PETER MANDELSON Cc: Eva Dubin Subject: my god daughter celina would love a tour of oxford. on sat.. can you arrange or i will have ghislaine do it. ********* ************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitut

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinfleevacation 
mail.com] 
From: 
petermandelson 
Sent 
Wed 6/30/2010 2:54:01 PM 
Subject Re: 
How do you mean oxford ? University ? Who wd do it ? 
Sent from my BlackBerry® wireless device 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 30 Jun 2010 10:38:12 -0400 
To: PETER MANDELSON 
Cc: Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
my god daughter celina would love a tour of oxford. on sat.. can you arrange or i will have 
ghislaine do it. 
********* ************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ice. acation@gmail com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01471501 
EFTA02410609

