# EFTA00037994 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 6

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** '
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: Epstein / Maxwell Case...

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: Fwd: Epstein / Maxwell Case... Date: Fri, 17 Jul 2020 15:02:51 +0000 Importance: Normal Received. Thank you On Jul 17, 2020 9:59 AM, ' Another one that might be a tad off. Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: > wrote: From: Date: July 17, 2020 at 8:22:19 AM EDT To: ' Subject: Re: Epstein / Maxwell Cas

### Match 2
> n / Maxwell Case... Date: Fri, 17 Jul 2020 15:02:51 +0000 Importance: Normal Received. Thank you On Jul 17, 2020 9:59 AM, ' Another one that might be a tad off. Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: > wrote: From: Date: July 17, 2020 at 8:22:19 AM EDT To: ' Subject: Re: Epstein / Maxwell Case... Hello again, I just wanted to reach out to see if I should still expect someone to contact me. I know it's only been a few days since you've last contacted me but I've started to have second thoughts and I'm getting paranoid about my safety. Im sure it's just in my head but I've been ta

### Match 3
> them using whatever communication method is the safest. Thanks, On Jul 13, 2020 at 2:29 PM, c wrote: Thank you. EFTA00037994 On Jul 13, 2020 at 2:22 PM, wrote: I believe an FBI agent will email you in the near future. From: Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 1:41 PM To: Subject: Re: Epstein / Maxwell Case... Thank you. Will someone contact me? As you can imagine, this topic gives me a lot of anxiety and one way that I've learned to cope with it is to have an idea of what to expect so that I can properly prepare myself mentally / emotionally. I don't want anything but I would help if l can.

### Match 4
> but I would help if l can. On Jul 13, 2020 at 1:24 PM, > wrote: Ms. Thank you for your email. I know it must have been very difficult for you to write. We appreciate the information. I have forwarded your email with the Assistant United States Attorney's that have been working on the Epstein/Maxwell case. If I can be of any assistance to you going forward please email me. Victim Witness Coordinator United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrews Plaza New York, New York 10007 Tel. From: Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 1:03 PM To: Subject: Epstein / Maxwell Ca

### Match 5
> in/Maxwell case. If I can be of any assistance to you going forward please email me. Victim Witness Coordinator United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrews Plaza New York, New York 10007 Tel. From: Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 1:03 PM To: Subject: Epstein / Maxwell Case... > Hello, I've debated whether to send this email a thousand times. In fact, I've written it numerous times. Hopefully I will be brave enough to send it this time. My name is I was sexually assaulted when I was barely 18 years old in a NYC restaurant / club. At the time, I was too sca

### Match 6
> exually assaulted by Jeffery Epstein. He's dead now... so I'm not really sure why I'm emailing or even bringing it up now but I just felt like I should let someone know. If I can be of help in anyway, I'd like to be. However, I don't really have proof and I can't really offer anything as far as Maxwell's case goes. She could have been there as well as I do remember there being a "woman" there along with numerous other "girls". I remember making a mental note to myself how it was weird that there that I was probably the oldest one out of the girls that were there except for the one woman that w
