# EFTA02597199

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: foundation, philanthrop, meeting, melinda, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, December 12, 2014 11:04 AM To: Bill Gates Subject: Re: as usual everyone liked=you alot . =AO each surprised by how knowledgeable you were about many var=ous subjects. however not one of them understood w=at the Daf ide= meant to you . what they heard was that ,you would " let=" them contribute to things like very special diseases( sm

**[FULL]:** hinking of doing that is GOOD FOR YOU and us. (=not merely good for women , Africans. uneducated kids etc. to=lets. .) here is how it might work, here is how=it might be beneficial to you now, and for your estate. here i= how you can magnify you current impact in things that matter for- Y=U.! I ,Bill Gates will be your partner/ your friend =A0 your colleague in the giving arena. . we can do thing= together !. You can save taxes. =AO ( I , or someone else ( lawyer ) can do that part , I believe with more=credibility than you in this area ) . We can PARTNER, enjoy the proc=ss. etc do good. do be

**[FULL]:** orn. It should be the solution to THEIR=problems , but first their problems have to be aired. =any interesting people visiting the island over holidays. of course =ou and your family are welcome . eva , kathy ruemmler. women t=at Melinda might take comfort with. On Thu, Dec 11, 2014 at 4:29 PM, Bill Gates < I enjoyed the breakfast a lot.=u> All of the attendees were interesting=people. > wrote: We managed to talk about philanthropy=enough to get their reaction without putting them on the spot too much.=/u> It is pretty clear to me that someone=young like Josh wants he and his family to have a

**[FULL]:** r the DAF I don't t=ink we have any people at this point who will move to do something soon. It is a good idea but it won'= come together with 4-6 partners anytime soon. From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Monday, December 8, 2014 3:03 PM 2 EFTA_R1_01782609 EFTA02597200 To: Bill Gates Subject: feedback? please no=e The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, December 12, 2014 11:04 AM 
To: 
Bill Gates 
Subject: 
Re: 
as usual everyone liked=you alot . =AO each surprised by how knowledgeable you were about many var=ous subjects. 
however not one of them understood w=at the Daf ide= meant to you . what they heard was that ,you would " let=" 
them contribute to things like very special diseases( small w=rms or such ) that never gets funding and or if they like 
they could=give a portion of their money to women's health issue, but no mo=e than 60 percent of their giving. 77" --
and that's it. !!! sor=y 
my suggestions 
1. The idea first a=d foremost is about SHARING. . Sharing your experience , your judge=ent, your values your ideas. 
That requires asking THEM=C2 questions. ie " what are you interested in? h=w many kids do you have? what do you 
think? etc. =This is what we are thinking of doing that is GOOD FOR YOU and us. (=not merely good for women , 
Africans. uneducated kids etc. to=lets. .) here is how it might work,  here is how=it might be beneficial to you now, 
and for your estate. here i= how you can magnify you current impact in things that matter for- Y=U.! I ,Bill Gates will 
be your partner/ your friend =A0 your colleague in the giving arena. . we can do thing= together !. 
You can save 
taxes. =AO ( I , or someone else ( lawyer ) can do that part , I believe with more=credibility than you in this area ) . We 
can PARTNER, enjoy the proc=ss. etc do good. do better . etc. 
conversations =e philanthropy , without results are just more conversation.s. . =AO yes they all want to have a hand in 
where their money goes. of co=rse. they worked hard for it. but properly structured and pres=nted , the DAF=/span> 
provides more benefits than burdens. in every are=a. and a DAF</=pan> with you is the pinnacle of their giving lives. 
The example yo= gavethe group of the past was only one in which friends on who you =ersonally called gave YOU 100 
million each for YOUR polio prog=am. not what these guys would do even after being water board=d. 
I suggest we have another meeting. Let me run it. =C2 moderate it. etc. or if you prefer I m happy to have someone 
e=se in my place, but that person has to present a structure, explain=it. ask questions of everyone. . 
Ron Ba=on wanted to know how to attack his own problem. could i=suggest trusts what types, how should he think 
about leaving it to h=s kidsl =how much, etc the usual. kid questions that each p=rson would celebrate to be able to 
discuss with you. I told hi= I have no time for any new clients. He and his many similarly situa=ed friends are also of the 
age group that need answers NOW. =AO \ 
AT a minimum a " this is how it would work &q=ot; should be presented. Even I was not sure where =the number" 60 
percent of your giving ", came from. 
you are one of the very few people that can think in this area. =AO The leverage is as great as increasing govt spending , 
as it could be i= areas that govt and with structures that govt couldn't/wouldn't d=lve. 
At the breakfast you mentioned 
pri's . but few people =ven know about the idea. 
4-6 people partnering , c=uld be the way to go=/span>. but I think as 
EFTA_R1_01782608 
EFTA02597199

you are seen to be the expert in the field. A=product should be presented in beta form. but I believe having=partners 
too early in the design process, will greatly increase =AO the odds that it is stillborn. It should be the solution to 
THEIR=problems , but first their problems have to be aired. 
=any interesting people visiting the island over holidays. of course =ou and your family are welcome . eva , kathy 
ruemmler. women t=at Melinda might take comfort with. 
On Thu, Dec 11, 2014 at 4:29 PM, Bill Gates < 
I enjoyed the breakfast a lot.=u> 
All of the attendees were interesting=people. 
> wrote: 
We managed to talk about philanthropy=enough to get their reaction without putting them on the spot too 
much.=/u> 
It is pretty clear to me that someone=young like Josh wants he and his family to have a more hands on approach 
t=an delegating 60% of giving to a set of causes we manage. 
I had less of a sense of how Ron thin=s about his giving. He might be a candidate for the large DAF approach 
whe=e the Foundation helps with some of the giving. 
Reid is always fascinating to talk to= He is also young enough and managing his work without extreme hours so 
he=will want to be more hands on. 
So I think the breakfast was a succes= in terms of relationships I value and will continue to spend time on.<=u> 
In terms or the DAF I don't t=ink we have any people at this point who will move to do something soon. 
It is a good idea but it won'= come together with 4-6 partners anytime soon. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Monday, December 8, 2014 3:03 PM 
2 
EFTA_R1_01782609 
EFTA02597200

To: Bill Gates 
Subject: 
feedback? 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note=br> 
The information contained in this communication is confidential= may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, =nd is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of=br>JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication=or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you =ave 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately =y return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= target=> , and destroy this communic=tion and all copies 
thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all "rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01782610 
EFTA02597201

