# EFTA02407334

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Lesley Groff|
|Sent|Fri Aug 06 22:57:18 2010|
|Subject|Re: Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** they stop by for dessert. mention its a rare yom kippur to coincide with a saturday On Sat, Aug 7, 2010 at 9:52 AM, wrote: Sent: Fri Aug 06 22:57:18 2010 Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Ummmmmmm. It's yom kippur. I don't think so. Sent from my iPad On Aug 6, 2010, at 1:50 PM, wrote: > Hello Andrew...Jeffrey is considering hosting a dinner on Sat. Sept. 18th-he is wondering if you would be available to attend if he does! Please let me know. > • Thanks, iltsietakirle*kitisfelle*****Mickit************* ********* fettle ********* The information contained in this communication is confi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
v 
ti n 
mail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
at / / 010 2:41:58 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
Ok 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Sat Aug 07 10:35:56 2010 
Subject: Re: Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
don't send tis out, you must tell them its a yom kieppur break- fast„ and if 
they can't make it for dinner will they stop by for dessert. mention its a rare 
yom kippur to coincide with a saturday 
On Sat, Aug 7, 2010 at 9:52 AM, 
wrote: 
Sent: Fri Aug 06 22:57:18 2010 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Ummmmmmm. It's yom kippur. I don't think so. 
Sent from my iPad 
On Aug 6, 2010, at 1:50 PM, 
wrote: 
> Hello Andrew...Jeffrey is considering hosting a dinner on Sat. Sept. 
18th-he is wondering if you would be available to attend if he does! Please let 
me know. 
> 
• Thanks, 
iltsietakirle*kitisfelle*****Mickit************* 
********* 
fettle 
********* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA_R1_01466704 
EFTA02407334

including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01466705 
EFTA02407335

