# EFTA02389903

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj|
|To|Bill Gates|
|Sent|Wednesday, May 24, 2017 2:35 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Boris Nikolic Sent: Wednesday, May 24, 2017 8:43 PM To: Jeffrey E.; Bill Gates Subject: RE: It might be a great path forward for some key areas such as Energy, pandemic etc. And these cuts could mobilize additional donors and funds. Bill has been working a lot with various donors on his energy fund. I am not sure if he explored DAF as an approach. Best Boris From: Je

**[FULL]:** pandemic etc. And these cuts could mobilize additional donors and funds. Bill has been working a lot with various donors on his energy fund. I am not sure if he explored DAF as an approach. Best Boris From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj Sent: Wednesday, May 24, 2017 2:35 AM To: Bill Gates Boris Nikolic Subject: with the massive cuts in science coming, the Donor Advised Fund should be the counter balance. EFTA_R1_01414714 EFTA02389903 please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside informati

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Wednesday, May 24, 2017 8:43 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E.; Bill Gates 
Subject: 
RE: 
It might be a great path forward for some key areas such as Energy, pandemic etc. 
And these cuts could mobilize additional donors and funds. 
Bill has been working a lot with various donors on his energy fund. 
I am not sure if he explored DAF as an approach. 
Best 
Boris 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Wednesday, May 24, 2017 2:35 AM 
To: Bill Gates 
Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
with the massive cuts in science coming, the Donor Advised Fund should be the counter balance. 
EFTA_R1_01414714 
EFTA02389903

please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01414715 
EFTA02389904

