# EFTA00026918 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** <1
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Acknowledgment and Notice of Appearance FILED"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/13/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(LI Docket Text: ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND NOTICE OF APPEARANCE, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 04/13/2021 by CMIECF.[3076442] [21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Deputy Clerk Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document Description: Acknowledgment and Notice of

### Match 2
> first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/13/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(LI Docket Text: ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND NOTICE OF APPEARANCE, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 04/13/2021 by CMIECF.[3076442] [21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Deputy Clerk Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document Description: Acknowledgment and N

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> To: <1 Subject: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Acknowledgment and Notice of Appearance FILED" Date: Tue, 13 Apr 2021 17:31:59 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all docum

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/13/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(LI Docket Text: ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND NOTICE OF APPEARANCE, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 04/13/2021 by CMIECF.[3076442] [21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Deput
