# EFTA02446029

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: president, hillary, campaign

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** 8:07 PM, =ichard Kahn <richardkahn12@gmail.com <mailto:richardkahn12@gmail.co=» wrote: <http://www.debka.com/> =/ins> http://www.debka.com/newsupdatepopup/18691/=hree-Israeli-police-officers-injured-when-run-over-by- Palestinian-car> Breaking=News =A0» Assange: Next WikiLeaks batch will lead to Hillary Clinton =80 s arrest DEBKAfile October 30, 2016, 5:32 PM (IDT) WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said Sunday that th= next batch of hacked emails he plans to release will lead to the arrest o= Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Two days ago, the FBI =eopened the investigation into

**[FULL]:** Breaking=News =A0» Assange: Next WikiLeaks batch will lead to Hillary Clinton =80 s arrest DEBKAfile October 30, 2016, 5:32 PM (IDT) WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said Sunday that th= next batch of hacked emails he plans to release will lead to the arrest o= Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Two days ago, the FBI =eopened the investigation into her private server as Secretary of State, k=ocking her campaign sideways. After releasing 21 emails batches this month= Assange has more than 50,000 to go " with enough evidence to see =illary Clinton arrested." =AO please note The i

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, October 30, 2016 8:23 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: 
the question i have , is imagine he releases fake em=ils. that purport to show really bad stuff, but th=t his team 
crafted. and they get out in the media. =C2 what a trick could be played. 
On Sun, Oct 30, 2016 at 8:07 PM, =ichard Kahn <richardkahn12@gmail.com <mailto:richardkahn12@gmail.co=» 
wrote: 
<http://www.debka.com/> =/ins> 
http://www.debka.com/newsupdatepopup/18691/=hree-Israeli-police-officers-injured-when-run-over-by-
Palestinian-car> Breaking=News =A0» 
Assange: Next WikiLeaks batch will lead to Hillary Clinton =80 s arrest 
DEBKAfile October 30, 2016, 5:32 PM (IDT) WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said Sunday that th= next batch of hacked 
emails he plans to release will lead to the arrest o= Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Two days ago, the 
FBI =eopened the investigation into her private server as Secretary of State, k=ocking her campaign sideways. After 
releasing 21 emails batches this month= Assange has more than 50,000 to go " with enough evidence to see =illary 
Clinton arrested." 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01542349 
EFTA02446029

