# EFTA02626666

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|J <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L <|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: 1 <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, January 27, 2019 4:28 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: im back in new york 14-15 On Sun, Jan 27, 2019 at 5:23 =M Farkas, Andrew L < > wrote: I won't be here. Let me send you some dates. Sent with BlackBerry Work (www.blackberry.com./a>) <http://www.blackberry.com> From: J <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»

**[WORD]:** From: 1 <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, January 27, 2019 4:28 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: im back in new york 14-15 On Sun, Jan 27, 2019 at 5:23 =M Farkas, Andrew L < > wrote: I won't be here. Let me send you some dates. Sent with BlackBerry Work (www.blackberry.com./a>) <http://www.blackberry.com> From: J <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Date: Sunday, Jan 27, 2019, 10:38 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L < Subject: > > can we do a coff

**[WORD]:** Sun, Jan 27, 2019 at 5:23 =M Farkas, Andrew L < > wrote: I won't be here. Let me send you some dates. Sent with BlackBerry Work (www.blackberry.com./a>) <http://www.blackberry.com> From: J <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Date: Sunday, Jan 27, 2019, 10:38 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L < Subject: > > can we do a coffee with don jr thurs fri? =AO , only if easy, as you know i like people that =re funny please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
1 <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, January 27, 2019 4:28 PM 
To: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
Re: 
im back in new york 14-15 
On Sun, Jan 27, 2019 at 5:23 =M Farkas, Andrew L < 
> wrote: 
I won't be here. Let me send you some dates. 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com./a>) 
<http://www.blackberry.com> 
From: J <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Sunday, Jan 27, 2019, 10:38 AM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L < 
Subject: 
> > 
can we do a coffee with don jr thurs fri? =AO , only if easy, as you know i like people that =re funny 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, 
EFTA_R1_01840659 
EFTA02626666

proprietary,=privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disrlosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the in=ended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reprodu=ing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including any r=liance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message =n error, 
please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (in=luding any attachments) and any copies in their 
entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothi=g contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement= amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC =r any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital=Group LLC or such affiliate. 
=please note 
The information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside i=formation, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the=property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this c=mmunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlaw=ul. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us =mmediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacati=n®gmail.com> , and destroy t=is communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. cop=right -all rights reserved 
--000000000000e131330580730986-- conversation-id 331561 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1548606458 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 894384 
2 
EFTA_R1_01840660 
EFTA02626667

