# EFTA02242204

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Eva Dubin|
|Sent||
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Eva Andersson From: Sent on I 11:43:59 Am Subject Fwd: Jeffrey Epstein Morning!! I should have included you on this email! Can you help facilitate? What is best? Lesley Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: April 2, 2018 at 7:18:03 AM EDT To: Eva Dubin Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Good morning Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a gift delivered to Maya. I understand you are home from vacation. May we bring to the apartment today? Please advise if We should hand deliver at a specific tilt'. to leave with the doorman. (The gift is valuable gift card

**[FULL]:** To: Eva Andersson From: Sent on I 11:43:59 Am Subject Fwd: Jeffrey Epstein Morning!! I should have included you on this email! Can you help facilitate? What is best? Lesley Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: April 2, 2018 at 7:18:03 AM EDT To: Eva Dubin Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Go

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Eva Andersson 
From: 
Sent 
on I 11:43:59 Am 
Subject 
Fwd: Jeffrey Epstein 
Morning!! I should have included you on this email! Can you help facilitate? What is best? 
Lesley 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: April 2, 2018 at 7:18:03 AM EDT 
To: Eva Dubin 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Good morning Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a gift delivered to Maya. I 
understand you are home from vacation. May we bring to the apartment today? 
Please advise if We should hand deliver at a specific tilt'. 
to leave with the 
doorman. (The gift is valuable gift cards!). Thank you, 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_01015390 
EFTA02242204

