# EFTA02413173

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, flight, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|"jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacationalamail.com>|
|Sent|Wednesday, November 24, 2010 10:41 AM|
|Subject|Happy Thanksgiving|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmailcom] From: Lesley Groff Sent Wed 11/24/2010 3:48:00 PM Subject: RE: Bob Gold Ok, I will touch base with Bob Gold re the 6th. (reminder you have Matt Menchel for lunch, the BBB Gathering that night and Gates) From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Wednesday, November 24, 2010 10:41 AM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Re: Bob Gold sorry lets look at the6 th wrong week On Wed, Nov 24, 2010 at 10:47 AM, Lesley Groff wrote: You arrive back on Monday Nov. 29th at 8:29pm. What time did y

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmailcom] 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Wed 11/24/2010 3:48:00 PM 
Subject: RE: Bob Gold 
Ok, I will touch base with Bob Gold re the 6th. (reminder you have Matt Menchel for lunch, the BBB 
Gathering that night and Gates) 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, November 24, 2010 10:41 AM 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Re: Bob Gold 
sorry lets look at the6 th wrong week 
On Wed, Nov 24, 2010 at 10:47 AM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
You arrive back on Monday Nov. 29th at 8:29pm. What time did you want to have Bob Gold come and sec 
you on the 29'h? 
29th 
 
Forwarded messa e 
From: Gold, Robert 
Date: Wed, Nov 24, 2010 at 7:06 AM 
Subject: Happy Thanksgiving 
To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacationalamail.com>
Jeff: 
Let's get together soon. It's time! 
Warm regards, 
Bob 
From: 
Sent: 
on. y, 
To: Lesley Groff: 
Subject: Fwd: Travel Document - New York 1 I/29/10 
EFTA_R1_01475473 
EFTA02413173

New departure flight for Monday. I've booked .le,Mand Igor on the flight 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Orbitz gravelercare@orbitz.com>
Date: November 22 2010 11:57:18 AM EST 
To 
Subject: Travel Document - New York 11/29/10 
Error! Filename not specified. 
Error! Your Travel Document 
Filenam 
e not 
"e"°= 
specified Thanks for traveling with Orbag. This e-mail confirms the ticket number(s) issued for the 
'New York 11(29/10- uip. 
Visit 'McTrios" to add this resonation to your calendar. 
Ticket Information 
ki4 Vitien
-;;tii
ig,*)&c.::AWIE4,Y1
Paotager64: JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
Xincrican .Sirliari record locator: NIIIIDVN 
Picker tv pe requested: electronic (c-ticket) 
Orbiu record locator: API 101011591SIS2 
Aline ticket number(s): 0018619832184 
Please note: American Airlines charges an additional fee for baggagt.11w (cc is not 
included in your total trip cost.Sec
Monday. November 29. 2010 
Americas airlines n 412 
St lhonsix Island Cyril E King (511) to New York John F Kennedy Intl (JFK) 
Departure (STT): November 29. 5:10 PM AST (evening) 
Arrival (JFK): November 29, 8:29 PM EST (evening) 
Chas: Business Seat: IA I Your flight is confirmed. Scat is confirmed. You may 
view chance seals 
I ILK 
Have year travel plain charmed? Many 
exchanged or canceled online by 
visiting "My trips" and clicking the 
' 
6, hes option 
.Cost and billing summary 
4.rwketecew..niwtetecor..rwwlei..cer.. 4.rwketecew..niwtetecor..rwwlei 
Error! 
Filenam 
e not 
November 22. 
2010 
specified 
Get F.enail 
Updates 
• 
Sion or non for 
travel deals,alerts 
and specials. 
Error! 
Filename 
not 
specified. 
Orbitz Care 
Alerts 
Flight status alerts 
are
 up for the 
following people. 
Sarah Ken:nation 
.arahk525(iTme.en 
ni 
Fonail 
Receiving: 
Donn= Alerts . 
Airport Advisories 
leidato alert 
settincx 
Lgarithtiore 
New! Look up your 
itinerary and flight 
status on your 
mobile phone at 
mobile orbit, can. 
I can more 
Great rates 
Click Lorca( tubes 
in New Yeek 
Error! 
Filenan 
e not 
specifie 
EFTA_R1_01475474 
EFTA02413174

Booking Confirmation 
Total airfare: S832. I0USD (including taxes) 
Price Assurance: Ger a cash refund if another customer books the same flight at a 
lower price. 'low it seeks 
Please note that your fate may early restriction. Changes to your itinerary may result in 
additions] few. Review the fare rules in "Ale Fein' to leans more. 
Important notice related to ticket terms sad coedPions. 
Billing Information 
Credit cant holder's Nam 
Credit card tsp.:: American Ex 
.s 
Credit card number 
Address: 
United States 
Esna/ 
At the airport 
At the airport 
Enjoy a hassle-free airport experience with these travel tips from Orbit/. Care: 
— Remember to print a copy of this c-mail and bring it with you to the airport. Your 
itinerary and ticket numbers may be required for check-in andw Immigration. 
— Remember to bring a valid government-issued photo II) to the airport. Chock pacific 
visa and oassoon requirements. 
— Obtain your boarding pars before entering the security checkpoint. Sec more check-in 
— Plan ahead and arrive early for airport security. Please review these updated security 
and packing usndelines as they may change periodically. 
(beck-in Information 
Because you're traveling with an c-ticket, no ticket will be mailed to you. 
International Travel 
Check Ow and mistrials requirements. 
Lastly. you can always look up your reservation under "Sly Trim' or on your mobile 
phone at mobile orbitrein. If you have any questions, you can clod us. 
Schedule Changes 
Schedule Changes 
You may receive an e-mail from Orbib: ila schedule change occurs prior to or during 
your trip. Such changes also will be noted in "%Iv 
 We recommend you cheek 
there periodically before your trip. 
Error! 
Filename 
not 
specified. 
Error! 
Filename 
not 
specified. 
This booking is 
subject to our 
Privacy Polick and 
ow Terms and 
Conditions. 
Error! 
Filename 
not 
specified. 
EFTA_R1_01475475 
EFTA02413175

If there arc changes to the flights), bring a printout with the updated itinerary and ticker 
numbeits) to the airport. We will send you an e-mail 2-3 days before departure. 
Hotel Information 
No hotel selected 
Error! Filename not specified. 
Error! 
Filename Add a hotel in: Neit_York 
not 
specified. 
Alastair New York Hotel 
change location, dates more 
Error! Filename not 
specified. 
Reviewer Score 3.5 out of 5 
242 West 49th Street. New Yak. 10019 
0.4 Mlles North front the center of New York 
Itl ynkrq 0 
Error! Filename not 
specified. 
Reviewer Score 4.3 out of 5 
45 West 35 Street. New York. 10001 
0.4 Miles South from the center of New York 
Nightly rates from 
$110* Total Price 
$128 
Error! Filename 
not specified. 
Nightly rates from 
S169 S152* 
Total Price $177 
Error! Filename 
not specified. 
Error! Filename not specified. 
• 10% Off Savings! 
EFTA_R1_014 7 54 76 
EFTA02413176

stmhruhtt ', nit*. I I'M ‘‘01 %RI 
\\ NORhl II\ 
Error! Filename not 
specified. 
Reviewer Score 4.5 out of 5 
340 WEST AOTH STREET, NEW YORK CITY, 10018 
03 Miles West from the center of New York 
Vii.. more Num York hut,  k 
Nightly rates from 
$279* Total 
Price $323 
Error! 
Filename not 
specified. 
Or call 800-550-3268 to speak n. ith a hotel sales representative 
Pricoshott it mot .7:- I : 
o 
: 
le..Ince NI NV YORK ow. VS. 
Cheek-in Moo. Nov :0 NIO. Check.out Tue. Nov 30 NIO. Nights I. Rooms I. GuettY I 
Subject to availability 
•Prim reflect bath the avenge 'hare inte per night and the Tom, Price per night, which 
includes the base rate, taxes and fee. Rate. ate MINK% to change mod may 11 1 io:lude hotel 
wvice (hew. VIM person charm or incidentals. sub as room service All rates are 
displayed in l 
unless otherwise noted Converted !HIM art provided for your COOVelkilte 
They an based on todays exchange rate. but the hotel Will charge you in ate local currency' 
Thank you for choosing Orbitz. 
EtddY your bill! 
Orblu Care Tenn 
P.S. Need an oworr., neck out our Onion Son ice section. 
emtom vacation, I llotelq flight. I Can I
 I Activate 
ff or ! Filename not specified. 
EFTA_R1_01475477 
EFTA02413177

Error! Error! Filename not specified. 
Error! Error! 
Error! 
Filenam 
Filenam Filename Filenam 
e not 
e not 
not 
e not 
specified 
specified specified. specified 
*************************************** 
******************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01475478 
EFTA02413178

