# EFTA02447126

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: mit, meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** can=revolt against the saudi leadership. i= is the americans that are demanding women drive. not th= saudis I would think its more than cut=ing down on yachts and private planes or selling real estate in Paris, Ist=nbul, London. Any thoughts? PS: does my story on Abraaj get me a meeting with Gates=next time he is in town:) Landon Thomas, Jr. Financial Reporter New York Times http://topics.nytimes.com/top/referenceitimestopics/peoplert/landonjr_thomas/index.html chttp://topics.nytimes=com/topireferenceitimestopics/people/t/landonjr_thomas/index.html> Landon Thomas, Jr. Financial Repor

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 19, 2016 3:03 PM 
To: 
Thomas Jr., Landon 
Subject: 
Re: Saudi money 
https://www.theguardian.c=m/us-news/2016/jul/07/donald-trump-sexual-assault-lawsuits-norm-lubow 
<https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/jul/07=donald-trump-sexual-assault-lawsuits-norm-lubow> <=r> 
On Wed, =ct 19, 2016 at 10:28 AM, Thomas Jr., Landon 
&g=; wrote: 
wrote: 
<= href="te 
' value= 
target="_blank">21= 556 3821 
On Wed, Oct 19, 2016 at 10:26 AM, jeffrey E. <=jeevacation@gma=l.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
number 
On Wed, Oct 19, 2016 at 9:55 AM, Thomas Jr., Landon &=t;landont@nytimes=com 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
I have spoken to a lot of ceos of fund outfits who say Saudis have=been pulling billions of dollars 
in separate account money -- not just fro= BR. And plus I cant believe they would have so much tied up in lock ups.=C2 
<jeevacation@gmail.com</=» wrote: 
sor=y, no good handle without digging 
jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
words that you to refer to one thing, =C2 USA . the stock market / the Royal 
family, .=C2 are no longer very useful. In politics=C2 the USA meant the white house. now the=e is pentagon. cia, 
state, and congress in addition, each feel= empowered to act more independantly. 
stock =arket even in tech, needs 
bio tech, consuner=tech. infrastrucrue tech. etc. same wi=h Royal family, there are 20k members of a tribe. =C2 
called the royal family, the words are misleading.=C2 
if your article is focused on bin salman, =AO or the very top. 
no one is wondering where they can f=nd the local costco.. 
but they are aware tha= a message needs to be sent to 
their population , regarding the next 20 ye=rs, 
social media, and=the selfie crowds post the best of everything, their cut=st 
pictures the amazing food , the luxury resorts.=C2 
the masses see these things and as the=difference between 
expectations and reality widen, the a=ger grows. 
trump has tapped in. =C2 
EFTA_R1_01544015 
EFTA02447126

with the passage of the 9 11 saudi bill, =AO unlike the french revolution 
where it was the people of fra=ce that revolted against their own aristocracty, with the inte=net and globalization of 
discontect it is now the americans that can=revolt against the saudi leadership. 
i= is the americans that are 
demanding women drive. not th= saudis 
I would think its more than cut=ing down on yachts and private planes or selling 
real estate in Paris, Ist=nbul, London. 
Any thoughts? 
PS: does my story on Abraaj get me a meeting with Gates=next time he is in 
town:) 
Landon Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Reporter 
New York Times 
http://topics.nytimes.com/top/referenceitimestopics/peoplert/landonjr_thomas/index.html 
chttp://topics.nytimes=com/topireferenceitimestopics/people/t/landonjr_thomas/index.html> 
Landon Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Reporter 
New York Times 
nt face="verdana, sans-serif' color="i$0000ff">2 
http://topics.nytimes.com/top/referenceitimestopics=people/t/landon_jr_thomastindex.html 
<http://topics.=ytimes.com/topireferenceitimestopics/people/t/landonjr_thomas/index.html> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01544016 
EFTA02447127

=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communication =s 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute in=ide information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It =s the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thi= 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be=unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please noti=y us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> , and 
des=roy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachment=. copyright -all rights reserved 
Landon Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Reporter 
New York Times 
http://topics.nytimes.com/top/reference/timestopics/people=t/landonjr_thomas/index.html 
chttp://topics.nytimes=com/top/referenceitimestopics/people/t/landonjr_thomas/index.html> 
=AO 
please note 
3 
EFTA_R1_01544017 
EFTA02447128

The information=contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client=privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for=br>the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized =se, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this co=munication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or b= e-mail to 
jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=br> 
Landon =homas, Jr. 
New York Times 
http=fitopics.nytimes.comitop/reference/timestopics/people/t/landon_j=_thomagindex.html 
<http://topics.nytimes.comitopireferen=e/timestopics/people/t/landon_jr_thomas/index.html> 
plea=e note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confi=ential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside inform=tion, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the prop=rty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
commun=cation or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. =f you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immed=ately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> , and 
destroy this c=mmunication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrigh= -all rights reserved 
</=ont> 
2 
http://topics.=ytimes.comitopireferenceitimestopics/people/t/landon_jr_thomas/i=dex.html 
<http://topics.nytimes.comitopireferenceitimesto=ics/peopleMandon_jr_thomas/index.html> 
4 
EFTA_R1_01544018 
EFTA02447129

=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use =f the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclos=re or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication =n error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to =a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
5 
EFTA_R1_01544019 
EFTA02447130

