# EFTA02717489

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL, ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation, meeting, melinda

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Fil Randazzo|
|To||
|Sent|3/=FD11/2014 3:20 PM|
|Subject|BMGF'= Partnership with Global Good|

---

**[FULL]:** leveraging their comparative advantage= to impact global health and development. We look forward to the rol=s that all of you will play in continuing to strengthen the relationship.&=bsp; Regards, Fil Fil Randazzo, Ph.D. Deputy Director Global Health Discovery & Translational Science Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation www.gatesfoundation.org 3 EFTA_R1_021 63301 EFTA02717491

**[ORG]:** ing their comparative advantage= to impact global health and development. We look forward to the rol=s that all of you will play in continuing to strengthen the relationship.&=bsp; Regards, Fil Fil Randazzo, Ph.D. Deputy Director Global Health Discovery & Translational Science Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation www.gatesfoundation.org 3 EFTA_R1_021 63301 EFTA02717491

**[ORG]:** cess in leveraging their comparative advantage= to impact global health and development. We look forward to the rol=s that all of you will play in continuing to strengthen the relationship.&=bsp; Regards, Fil Fil Randazzo, Ph.D. Deputy Director Global Health Discovery & Translational Science Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation www.gatesfoundation.org 3 EFTA_R1_021 63301 EFTA02717491

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Tuesday, March 11, 2014 11:46 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
FW: BMGF's Partnership with Global Good 
Attachments: 
GG Executive Summary- BMGF Internal Only.pdf; GG FAQ- BMGF Internal Only.pdf 
LoweIls shop 
From: Fil Randazzo 
Sent: 3/=FD11/2014 3:20 PM 
Subject: BMGF'= Partnership with Global Good 
Dear Colleagues, 
As the foundation's relationship manager for Globa= Good (GG) at Intellectual Ventures (IV), LLC., I would like to provide 
yo= with some information which I hope will clarify questions that you may ha=e encountered. IV as some of you already 
know is local company that works in intellectual property and invention. G=obal Good focuses on inventing technology 
to improve the lives of the poor=in developing countries and their primary objective is to further charitab=e purpose. 
Our collaboration with Global Good is a Co-chair priority. 
Global Good is: 
Managed by IV, leveraging IV's staff and resourcesc/=> 
Funded by an investment from the Bill & Melinda Ga=es Asset Trust 
Focused on inventing technology to improve lives of th= poor in developing countries 
A for profit entity, whose primary objective is to adv=nce the mission of the foundation 
EFTA_R1_02163299 
EFTA02717489

Reinvesting their profits into GG to further the goals=of its charitable purpose 
Holding quarterly brainstorming/collaboration sessions=with the BMGF on selected topics 
Last year GG added a new Vice President and head, Ma=rizio Vecchione, and a new Director of Research and Strategy, 
Ali Arjomand= Maurizio and Ali initiated a transformation of GG strategies and it= business model with six main 
thematic areas of focus. 
Disease Modeling 
Vaccine logistics 
Vector Management 
Malaria and TB Diagnostics 
Maternal and Child Health 
Agricultural Productivity 
These areas were chosen in part because they align w=th BMGF strategies, maximize GG's technical comparative 
advantage and ha=e the highest potential impact. Recently, in order to increase efficiency =nd alignment within the 
Global Good Fund different programs at IV have all been brought under the direct manag=ment of Maurizio Vecchione 
(Global Good, New Horizons, Institute of Diseas= Modeling (formerly called EMOD) and the IV labs). 
Given that we closely collaborate with GG on selecte= topics and projects of mutual interest, we want to encourage 
collaboratio= and information exchange with GG. To help streamline and facilitate=the collaboration, we have an MOU 
in place with GG that allows us to share with them selected grant proposals and ann=al reports. This allows them to 
work with us in landscaping particular top=cs of mutual interest. However, we do need to ensure it is done appropriat=ly 
and maintain confidentiality of any third party materials that have been provided to the foundation sub=ect to NDA 
agreements. To this end, we have developed a process 
chttp://operations/sites/ExecOfficeCollab/GGF/The%20Legal%20Corne=/GG%20Protocol%20to%20Share%20Grant%20 
Proposals%20and%20ARs.docx> to share such materials. If you still have questions regarding =hat can and cannot be 
shared from a legal perspective, please contact Alin= Flower in legal. 
Global Good is holding monthly office hours at the f=undation (besides their individually scheduled ad hoc meetings). 
Please check our BMGF Internal SharePoint Site for GG Information and Activities 
<http://operatio=s/sites/ExecOfficeCollab/GGF/SitePages/Home.aspx?InitialTabld=Ribbon%2ER=ad&VisibilityContext= 
WSSTabPersistence> for det=ils in case you want to casually stop by. 
These resources are available should you want to lea=n more: 
2 
EFTA_R1_021 63300 
EFTA02717490

GG Website <http://www.intellectualventures.com/index.p=p/globalgood> 
o 
BMGF Internal SharePoint Site for GG Information =nd Activities 
chttp://operations/sites/ExecOfficeCo=lab/GGF/SitePages/Home.aspx?InitialTabld=Ribbon%2ERead&VisibilityCon=ext= 
WSSTabPersistence> 
o GG Executive Summary 
chttp://operationsisites/ExecOfficeCollab/GG=iThe%20Legal%20Corner/GG%20Executive%20Summary-
%20BMGF%20Internal%200nly.p=f> (attached file) 
o GG FAQ docum=nt <http://operations/sites/ExecOfficeCollab/GG=/The%20Legal%20Corner/GG%2OFAQ-
%20BMGF%20lnternal%20Only.pdf> (attached file) 
o GG Office Hours 
chttp://operat=onsisites/ExecOfficeCollab/GGF/The%20Legal%20Corner/GG%20Office%20Hours%20=t%20BMGF.pdf> 
BMGF Extranet Site <https://portal.gatesfoundation.oresiteggl=balgood/clefault.aspx> 
o Shared BMGF/GG site for Quarterly Brainstorming Sessio=s, etc. 
We are excited about strengthening our partnership w=th GG and the contributions their unique skill sets bring to 
tackling some=of our biggest challenges. It's critical that we foster a strong c=llaborative relationship with GG. Our 
engagement will contribute to their success in leveraging their comparative advantage= to impact global health and 
development. We look forward to the rol=s that all of you will play in continuing to strengthen the relationship.&=bsp; 
Regards, 
Fil 
Fil Randazzo, Ph.D. 
Deputy Director 
Global Health Discovery & Translational Science 
Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation 
www.gatesfoundation.org 
3 
EFTA_R1_021 63301 
EFTA02717491

