# EFTA02472335

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, February 13, 2016 3:37 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: should i order food for everyone luncjh? <=div> On Sat, Feb =3, 2016 at 10:18 AM, Eva Dubin Come over any=ime I just woke up!! Have to figure out what everyone is doing... Glenn out biking My parents are out w=lking Maya still sleeping doing homework Sent from my iPhone w

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, February 13, 2016 3:37 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: should i order food for everyone luncjh? <=div> On Sat, Feb =3, 2016 at 10:18 AM, Eva Dubin Come over any=ime I just woke up!! Have to figure out what everyone is doing... Glenn out biking My parents are out w=lking Maya still sleeping doing homework Sent from my iPhone wr=te: On Feb 13, 2016, at 9:48 =M, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote:

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, February 13, 2016 3:37 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
should i order food for everyone luncjh? 
<=div> 
On Sat, Feb =3, 2016 at 10:18 AM, Eva Dubin 
Come over any=ime 
I just woke up!! 
Have to figure out what everyone is doing... 
Glenn out biking 
My parents are out w=lking 
Maya still sleeping 
doing homework 
Sent from my iPhone 
wr=te: 
On Feb 13, 2016, at 9:48 =M, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>  wrote: 
waht time? 
=div dir="ltr"> 
please note 
=div>The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, ma= be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and =s intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
=EE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or =ny part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have=received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately byreturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communicatio= and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all righ=s reserved 
EFTA_R1_01584268 
EFTA02472335

=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.comq=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, induding =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01584269 
EFTA02472336

