# EFTA00038561 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 13

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, April 9, 2021 1:15 PM
- **Subject:** RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' (NY) (FBI)" To: ' (NY) (FBI)" Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case Date: Fri, 09 Apr 2021 17:43:39 +0000 Importance: Normal Will do, thank you Special Agent Federal Bureau of Investigation New York Field Office On Apr 9, 2021 1:17 PM, ' (NY) (FBI)" c No worries. Let me know if you want to chat later or have questions. From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Friday

### Match 2
> Special Agent Federal Bureau of Investigation New York Field Office On Apr 9, 2021 1:17 PM, ' (NY) (FBI)" c No worries. Let me know if you want to chat later or have questions. From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Friday, April 9, 2021 1:15 PM To: . (NY) (FBI) Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case Hey I'm at an IA so I won't be able to get on the call. Special Agent Federal Bureau of Investigation New York Field Office On Apr 9, 202112:06 PM,' (NY) (FBI)" c wrote: If you are able to, let's get on a quick call around 1:30pm. Below is the dial in. 1-8777- Passcode: > wrote: If

### Match 3
> Original Message From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Thursday, April 8, 2021 6:04 PM To: . (NY) (FBI) < >; (NY) (FBI) <->; c )'; (NY) (FBI) •:= >.; (NY) (FBI) (NY) (FBI) < (NY) (FBI) (NY) (FBI) EFTA00038561 (NY) (FBI) <a (NY) (FBI) < > Cc: (NY) (FBI) < Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case Hey all, I thought it might be easier if we were able to get on a quick call to talk a little logistics next week and answer any questions you have. I'm sure everyone is busy but if at least someone who is helping each day does not mind jumping on a call tomorrow that might be helpful. I'm

### Match 4
> know if sometime tomorrow works for you. Thanks! Original Message From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Thursday, April 8, 20215:08 PM To: (NY) (FBI) <E > Cc: . (NY) (FBI) c (NY) (FBI) < aMe; (NY) (FBI) c M>; • (NY) (FBI) (NY) (FBI) < M>; (NY) (FBI) <E > Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case Thanks =! Hello everyone, >; ■ . (NY) (FBI) (NY) (FBI) (NY) (FBI) < >; . (NY) (FBI) Thank you so much for helping out next week. I don't anticipate we will need four agents for Tuesday and Thursday so if anyone has something else pressing feel free to bow out. I'll be sending you all

### Match 5
> our agents for Tuesday and Thursday so if anyone has something else pressing feel free to bow out. I'll be sending you all another email shortly and cc'ing AUSA who will be present at 500 Pearl all three days. She will meet you at 500 Pearl on the designated date at around 9am or shortly before. Maxwell and her team will be arriving at 9:30am. The evidence unit is transporting all evidence to 500 Pearl and that has already been coordinated. Please make sure to have a handcuff key on you. The review of evidence each day will last until 4:30pm. The evidence unit will transport evidence back so non

### Match 6
> C: EFTA00038562 Original Message From: (NY) (FBI) < Sent: Thursday, April 8, 2021 12:36 PM To: . (NY) (FBI) < Cc: . (NY) (FBI)<MMEM>; (NY) (FBI) < . (NY) (FBI) < (NY) (FBI) <a'; (NY) (FBI) < >; >; >; (NY) (FBI) (NY) (FBI) (NY) (FBI) < > Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case Hi S Below is an updated list of agents who are able to assist. All are cc'd on this email. 4/13 SA SA SA SA ■ 4/14 SA SA ■ 4/15 SA SA SA SA ■ Original Message From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Thursday, April 08, 2021 10:41 AM To: NY-NADP Cc: -. (NY) (FBI) Subject: C-20 request

### Match 7
> low is an updated list of agents who are able to assist. All are cc'd on this email. 4/13 SA SA SA SA ■ 4/14 SA SA ■ 4/15 SA SA SA SA ■ Original Message From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Thursday, April 08, 2021 10:41 AM To: NY-NADP Cc: -. (NY) (FBI) Subject: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case All, . (NY) (FBI) Squad C-20 advised that if you are able to assist on just one of the days that would also work. Any assistance is greatly appreciated. Please let me know if you are able to assist on 4/13, 4/14 or 4/15 Squad C-20 is requesting two or three agents to assist with Maxwell

### Match 8
> Maxwell case All, . (NY) (FBI) Squad C-20 advised that if you are able to assist on just one of the days that would also work. Any assistance is greatly appreciated. Please let me know if you are able to assist on 4/13, 4/14 or 4/15 Squad C-20 is requesting two or three agents to assist with Maxwell and her defense team reviewing evidence at 500 EFTA00038563 Pearl Street from Tuesday April 13 through Thursday April 15. This will be from 9:00am and continue for the entire day for all three days. AUSA will be present as well for the review. Please see below for additional info. • Maxwell a

### Match 9
> h Maxwell and her defense team reviewing evidence at 500 EFTA00038563 Pearl Street from Tuesday April 13 through Thursday April 15. This will be from 9:00am and continue for the entire day for all three days. AUSA will be present as well for the review. Please see below for additional info. • Maxwell and her defense team will all be present in the proffer room area on the 5th floor of the 500 Pearl Street courthouse for the primary review. This review will begin on April 13, 2021 and will continue every day thereafter until the review is complete. The logistics for this review are as follows:

### Match 10
> be present in the proffer room area on the 5th floor of the 500 Pearl Street courthouse for the primary review. This review will begin on April 13, 2021 and will continue every day thereafter until the review is complete. The logistics for this review are as follows: o The Marshals will produce Maxwell to 500 Pearl Street each morning by approximately 9:30am. Defense counsel are expected to arrive each morning at approximately 9:30am. We will need at least one FBI agent with a handcuff key who is responsible for pulling Maxwell from the Marshal cellblock and monitoring her (the same way an agen
