# EFTA02661149

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: joi ito

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, May 19, 2018 6:54 PM To: Michael Wolff Subject: Re: bill gates. nathan mhyvold. ? =br> On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 6:1= PM Michael Wolff E MIa> wrote: <=iv> All v good. More women. An Arab. Bannon. Brad Karp.=C240 On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 11:=5 AM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: woody allen. noam chomsky, 40=A0 ehudl

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, May 19, 2018 6:54 PM 
To: 
Michael Wolff 
Subject: 
Re: 
bill gates. nathan mhyvold. ? 
=br> 
On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 6:1= PM Michael Wolff 
E
MIa> 
wrote: 
<=iv> 
All v good. More women. An Arab. Bannon. Brad Karp.=C240 
On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 11:=5 AM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
woody allen. noam chomsky, 40=A0 ehudl barak james watson. ariane rothschild. li=da stone? masha 
drokova ( women Ruemm;ler ). ? leon black. torn pritzker larry summers. joi ito. terje . sultan , thorbj=rn . jagland. 
gromov, deepak,Q=A0 Jacques lang.martin novak mark tramo, 
=C240 please note 
The information contained in t=is communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, ma= 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of =he addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure=or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohib=ted 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in =rror, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.c=m, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
includ=ng all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
EFTA_R1_01909251 
EFTA02661149

=C24k 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e=mail to jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
--000000000000cd819d056c939552-- conversation-id 6111 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1526756011 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 822557 
2 
EFTA_R1_01909252 
EFTA02661150

