# EFTA02430527

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <Jeeyacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Mon Feb 22 17:21:58 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmail.comijeeyacationetgmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Mon 2/22/2010 11:02:41 PM Subject: Re: I'll call him in the a.m. To feel him out about what might be best. G From: Jeffrey Epstein <Jeeyacation@gmail.com> To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Mon Feb 22 17:21:58 2010 Subject: what do you think about first round„ you I and pete meet in my hou

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmail.comijeeyacationetgmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Mon 2/22/2010 11:02:41 PM Subject: Re: I'll call him in the a.m. To feel him out about what might be best. G From: Jeffrey Epstein <Jeeyacation@gmail.com> To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Mon Feb 22 17:21:58 2010 Subject: what do you think about first round„ you I and pete meet in my house.. ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.comijeeyacationetgmail.com] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent 
Mon 2/22/2010 11:02:41 PM 
Subject: Re: 
I'll call him in the a.m. To feel him out about what might be best. G 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <Jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: Mon Feb 22 17:21:58 2010 
Subject: 
what do you think about first round„ you I and pete meet in my house.. 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_0 1500496 
EFTA02430527

