# EFTA02421882

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.com|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrelteevacation©gmail.coml From: Eva Dubin Sent Sat 10/2/2010 1:55:34 PM Subject: RE: clean!!! Date: Sat, 2 Oct 2010 07:53:08 +0200 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: to do what? On Sat, Oct 2, 2010 at 6:09 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: I need a house keeper for a few hours tomorrow. Do you know of anyone???? The information c

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrelteevacation©gmail.coml From: Eva Dubin Sent Sat 10/2/2010 1:55:34 PM Subject: RE: clean!!! Date: Sat, 2 Oct 2010 07:53:08 +0200 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: to do what? On Sat, Oct 2, 2010 at 6:09 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: I need a house keeper for a few hours tomorrow. Do you know of anyone???? The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jef

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrelteevacation©gmail.coml 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent 
Sat 10/2/2010 1:55:34 PM 
Subject: RE: 
clean!!! 
Date: Sat, 2 Oct 2010 07:53:08 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
to do what? 
On Sat, Oct 2, 2010 at 6:09 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
I need a house keeper for a few hours tomorrow. Do you know of anyone???? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1488359 
EFTA02421882

