# EFTA00031252 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 9

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSASPusa.doj.gov>; USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS-
- **Sent:** Sunday, November 28, 2021 9:59 AM
- **Subject:** United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --'pens

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell - Date: Sun, 28 Nov 2021 17:43:25 +0000 Thanks so much Really appreciate it. From Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 12:16 PM To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell Makes sense! Hope you are doing well IM —you are such an inspiration and these victims are so fortunate to have you a

### Match 2
> From To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell - Date: Sun, 28 Nov 2021 17:43:25 +0000 Thanks so much Really appreciate it. From Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 12:16 PM To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell Makes sense! Hope you are doing well IM —you are such an inspiration and these victims are so fortunate to have you as their advocate. From Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 12:11 PM To: Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell - No, fortunately On Nov 28, 2021, at 10:37 AM Is there go

### Match 3
> November 28, 2021 12:16 PM To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell Makes sense! Hope you are doing well IM —you are such an inspiration and these victims are so fortunate to have you as their advocate. From Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 12:11 PM To: Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell - No, fortunately On Nov 28, 2021, at 10:37 AM Is there going to be a dial in? k urote: From Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 9:59 AM To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSASPusa.doj.gov>; USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- CRIMINALPARALEGALSPusa.do' ov>. USANYS-INVESTIGATORS <USANYS-

### Match 4
> e going to be a dial in? k urote: From Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 9:59 AM To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSASPusa.doj.gov>; USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- CRIMINALPARALEGALSPusa.do' ov>. USANYS-INVESTIGATORS <USANYS-INVESTIGATORS@usa.doj. ov> Cc Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --'pens There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex crimes that took place in 1994. If you want to find them, you'll have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to

### Match 5
> From To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell - Date: Sun, 28 Nov 2021 17:43:25 +0000 Thanks so much Really appreciate it. From Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 12:16 PM To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell Makes sense! Hope you are doing well IM —you are such an inspiration and these victims are so fortunate to hav

### Match 6
> From To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell - Date: Sun, 28 Nov 2021 17:43:25 +0000 Thanks so much Really appreciate it. From Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 12:16 PM To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell Makes sense! Hope you are doing well IM —you are such an inspiration and these victims are so fortunate to have you as their advocate. From Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 12:11 PM To: Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell - No, fortunately On Nov 28, 2021, at 10:37 AM Is

### Match 7
> November 28, 2021 12:16 PM To Subject: RE: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell Makes sense! Hope you are doing well IM —you are such an inspiration and these victims are so fortunate to have you as their advocate. From Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 12:11 PM To: Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell - No, fortunately On Nov 28, 2021, at 10:37 AM Is there going to be a dial in? k urote: From Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 9:59 AM To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSASPusa.doj.gov>; USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- CRIMINALPARALEGALSPusa.do' ov>. USANYS-INVESTIGATORS

### Match 8
> e going to be a dial in? k urote: From Sent: Sunday, November 28, 2021 9:59 AM To: USANYS-CRIMINAL AUSAS <USANYS-CRIMINALAUSASPusa.doj.gov>; USANYS-CRIMINAL PARALEGALS <USANYS- CRIMINALPARALEGALSPusa.do' ov>. USANYS-INVESTIGATORS <USANYS-INVESTIGATORS@usa.doj. ov> Cc Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell --'pens There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex crimes that took place in 1994. If you want to find them, you'll have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just

### Match 9
> have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable. ill open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318 Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906.
