# EFTA02435115

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Eva Dubin|
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Thu Nov 05 13:44:57 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** rish tradition which occurs every time the date February 29 rolls around, faces a major setback when bad weather threatens to derail her planned trip to Dublin. With the help of an innkeeper, however, her cross-country odyssey just might result in her getting engaged. — Original Messa e — From: Eva Dubin To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Thu Nov 05 13:44:57 2009 Subject: Ili Peggy. Would love to talk to you about the screening benefiting the Breast Care Center that I am building. Could you talk any morning. let's say between 9:00 and 12:00. and if so what number should I call you on? Thank you so much.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Cc: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Thur 11/5/2009 7:44:15 PM 
Subject Leap Year/Universal 
Title: Leap Year/Universal 
I got you a film. Hollace Davids from Universal is 
checking on a print to show us asap. All talent available to come. They are locked into Wednesday, Jan. 6th in New York 
City. 
Here is a brief description. Hollace says it's adorable. I am in the office now-212 935 6700 or cell 917 783 4113..or I will 
call you tomorrow morning. My home is 212 570 9804 
LEAP YEAR 
amy adorns 
matthew goode 
directed by anand tucker (SHOPOIRL, HILARY AND JACKIE) 
A woman (Amy Adams) who has an elaborate scheme to propose to her boyfriend on Leap Day, an Irish tradition which 
occurs every time the date February 29 rolls around, faces a major setback when bad weather threatens to derail her 
planned trip to Dublin. With the help of an innkeeper, however, her cross-country odyssey just might result in her getting 
engaged. 
— Original Messa e —
From: Eva Dubin 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Thu Nov 05 13:44:57 2009 
Subject: 
Ili Peggy. 
Would love to talk to you about the screening benefiting the Breast Care Center that I am building. Could you talk any 
morning. let's say between 9:00 and 12:00. and if so what number should I call you on? Thank you so much. 
Eva 
P.S. How is your friend, Stephen, doing? 
Bing brings you maps, menus, and reviews organized in one place. Try it now. 
<http://www.bing.com/search?q=restaurants&fomi=MFESRP&publ=WLIIMTAG8tcrea=TEXT MFFSRP Local Maps 
Menu Resturants 1st> 
EFTA_R1_01507007 
EFTA02435115

