# EFTA02722322

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: <no subject>|

---

**[FULL]:** bject: Re: <no subject> Greetings Sir, Confirming that you wish the fiords to come from your St. Thomas account, not via Rich (NY). Respectfully, Daphne On Tue, Dec 10, 2013 at 7:41 AM, Jeffrey Epstein icevacation@gmail.com> wrote: daphne pleae wire and thanks On Tue, Dec 10, 2013 at 3:41 AM, Jean Luc Brunel a wrote: Good morning, Copy of the order. It should be sent in a few days and be in St Thomas within a month What is the exact address that should be written on the shipment? The total amount is USD 29440,00 Shipment and packing included to St Thomas Payment SUNTRUST BANK MIAMI BEACH, FL,

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comjjeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeeyacation©gmail.corn] 
From: 
Daphne Wallace 
Sent 
Tue 12/10/2013 1:46:12 PM 
Subject: Re: <no subject> 
Greetings Sir, 
Confirming that you wish the fiords to come from your St. Thomas account, not via Rich (NY). 
Respectfully, Daphne 
On Tue, Dec 10, 2013 at 7:41 AM, Jeffrey Epstein icevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
daphne pleae wire and thanks 
On Tue, Dec 10, 2013 at 3:41 AM, Jean Luc Brunel a 
wrote: 
Good morning, 
Copy of the order. 
It should be sent in a few days and be in St Thomas within a month 
What is the exact address that should be written on the shipment? 
The total amount is USD 29440,00 
Shipment and packing included to St Thomas 
Payment 
SUNTRUST BANK 
MIAMI BEACH, FL, 33139 
ABA 
• 
ACCOUNT 
SWIFT CODE 
Email in Bali for contact to follow up 
As I have paid with Amex, it should be a warranty if anything breaks 
But packing is done in wooden crates and put in the container 
EFTA_R1_02207102 
EFTA02722322

The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationesmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_02207103 
EFTA02722323

