# EFTA02496755

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, June 30, 2015 9:35 AM To: Bill Gates our friend nathan can use a friend. I wo=ld encourage you to reach out . biz. rosemary, =AO etc. hope we can resume soon <=r> =C2 please note The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside information, and is intended

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, June 30, 2015 9:35 AM 
To: 
Bill Gates 
our friend nathan can use a friend. I wo=ld encourage you to reach out . biz. rosemary, =AO etc. hope we can 
resume soon 
<=r> 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a11362a100ba456051968eblc-- conversation-id 111640 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1435656891 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 521314 
1 
EFTA_R1_01621464 
EFTA02496755

