# EFTA02495518

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: settlement, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, March 22, 2018 8:40 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: AYH great On Thu, Mar 22, 2018 at 4:08 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. < wrote: I =elieve that we will have the various issues that needed to be resolved wit= BPPR (with regards to allocation of insurance proceeds to repairs, vs. ha=ing to pay them until things return to normal) and se

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, March 22, 2018 8:40 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: AYH great On Thu, Mar 22, 2018 at 4:08 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. < wrote: I =elieve that we will have the various issues that needed to be resolved wit= BPPR (with regards to allocation of insurance proceeds to repairs, vs. ha=ing to pay them until things return to normal) and settlement of the insur=nce claims. As soon as that is done I will have a full

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, March 22, 2018 8:40 PM 
To: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
Re: AYH 
great 
On Thu, Mar 22, 2018 at 4:08 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. < 
wrote: 
I =elieve that we will have the various issues that needed to be resolved wit= BPPR (with regards to allocation of 
insurance proceeds to repairs, vs. ha=ing to pay them until things return to normal) and settlement of the insur=nce 
claims. As soon as that is done I will have a full report sent to your=guys along with current financial statements. That 
should be done in=the next couple of weeks. After that you and I can have a fully info=med discussion about what to do 
with the asset. Xoxo 
Sent from my iPad 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary,=privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, =r otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or und=r applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
n=tified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, dissemi=ating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including=any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this me=sage in error, 
please contact the sender immediately and destroy the messa=e (including any attachments) and any copies in their 
entirety, whether in=electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be =onsidered a legally 
binding agreement, amendment or modification of any ag=eement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, 
each of whi=h requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Gro=p LLC or such affiliate. 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailtoieevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--94eb2c190b46f7b0e90568064ef0-- conversation-id 11786 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1521751187 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 806619 
EFTA_R1_01619509 
EFTA02495518

