# EFTA02424712

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Eva Dubin|
|To||
|Sent|Mon May 03 10:48:08 2010|
|Subject|Robin Hood|

---

**[FULL]:** @gmail.comj From: Peggy Siegal Sent Mon 5/3/2010 2:54:56 PM Subject: Re: Robin Hood Title: Re: Robin Hood Eva- You can use me as a seat filler...and can let me know at last minutc....and if does not work out...no stress. I can do something else that nigh. xoxo Peg — Original Messial From: Eva Dubin To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Mon May 03 10:48:08 2010 Subject: RE: Robin Ilood Hi Peggy. Our table is unfortunately full, but we always have people pulling out last minute. I will let you know as soon as I have a seat. Subject: Robin Hood Date: Mon. 3 May 2010 09:34:08 -0400 FI °I 'leel To: va

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
evadubinlphotmail.conlevadubinfrolmail.comj 
Cc: 
jeevacationagmail.conteevacation@gmail.comj 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Mon 5/3/2010 2:54:56 PM 
Subject: Re: Robin Hood 
Title: Re: Robin Hood 
Eva-
You can use me as a seat filler...and can let me know at last minutc....and if does not work out...no stress. I can do 
something else that nigh. xoxo Peg 
— Original Messial 
From: Eva Dubin 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Mon May 03 10:48:08 2010 
Subject: RE: Robin Ilood 
Hi Peggy. 
Our table is unfortunately full, but we always have people pulling out last minute. I will let you know as soon as I have a 
seat. 
Subject: Robin Hood 
Date: Mon. 3 May 2010 09:34:08 -0400 
FI  °I 
'leel
To:
vacation@gniail.com 
Eva-
If you have an extra scat Monday night and need an adorable chatty person to entertain socially challenged benefactors 
with tall tales about show biz trash....1 am your girl. 
xoxo Peggy 
I will send any email to make Jeffrey laugh. 
The New Busy is not the old busy. Search, chat and e-mail from your inbox. Get started. 
<http://www.windowslive.comicampaignithenewbusy?oeid=PID28326::TAVI.MTAGI.:ON:WL:en-
US:WM HMP:042010 3> 
EFTA_R1_01492814 
EFTA02424712

