# EFTA00027753 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> urt Southern District of New York United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 the Silvio J. Mono Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York. New York 10007 October 15, 2021 USDC SDNY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 1 On 5/21 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Judge Nathan: The Government respectfully submits this letter in response to the Court's Order dated October 15, 2021 (Dkt. No. 348) ordering the Government to respond to the defendant's October 14, 2021 letter regarding delivery of the defendant's legal mail at the Metro

### Match 2
> urt Southern District of New York United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 the Silvio J. Mono Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York. New York 10007 October 15, 2021 USDC SDNY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC 0: DATE FILED: 1 On 5/21 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Judge Nathan: The Government respectfully submits this letter in response to the Court's Order dated October 15, 2021 (Dkt. No. 348) ordering the Government to respond to the defendant's October 14, 2021 letter regarding delivery of the defendant's legal mail at t

### Match 3
> stant United States Attorneys Southern District of New York Cc: Defense Counsel (By ECF) Based on the information in this letter, the Court will not enter the Defendant's requested order. See Dkt. No. 346. However, it is the Court's firm expectation that a defendant in a pre-trial posture like Ms. Maxwell will in most circumstances receive legal mail within approximately 1 business day. Going forward, if another delay occurs, the Defendant may renew the request for a specific order requiring delivery within that time frame. With this understanding and in light of the unusually early pre-trial dis

### Match 4
> 1 business day. Going forward, if another delay occurs, the Defendant may renew the request for a specific order requiring delivery within that time frame. With this understanding and in light of the unusually early pre-trial disclosure schedule set by the Court, the Court remains confident that Ms. Maxwell and her attorneys are fully able to prepare for trial. This resolves Dkt. No. 346. SO ORDERED. Oi 10/15/21 EFTA00027755
