# EFTA02581525

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: doctor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, October 20, 2017 4:06 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: dont have keflex how about cephlaxin. On Fri, Oct 20,=2017 at 5:55 AM, Eva Dubin < <mai ltc > > wrote: =blockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:lp= ticcc solid;padding-left:1ex"> You? Where are you? Just soak it and take Ke=lex... Otherwise I have a

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, October 20, 2017 4:06 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: dont have keflex how about cephlaxin. On Fri, Oct 20,=2017 at 5:55 AM, Eva Dubin < <mai ltc > > wrote: =blockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:lp= ticcc solid;padding-left:1ex"> You? Where are you? Just soak it and take Ke=lex... Otherwise I have a bunch=of names I can send you tomorrow... Please note, my email address has changed to <mailtc

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, October 20, 2017 4:06 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
dont have keflex how about cephlaxin. 
On Fri, Oct 20,=2017 at 5:55 AM, Eva Dubin < 
<mai ltc
> > wrote: 
=blockquote class="gmail_quote" style="margin:0 0 0 .8ex;border-left:lp= ticcc solid;padding-left:1ex"> You? 
Where are you? 
Just soak it and take Ke=lex... 
Otherwise I have a bunch=of names I can send you tomorrow... 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
<mailtc
> 
On Oct 19, 2017, at 11:36 PM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= target=> " 
<jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:j=evacation@gmail.com» wrote= 
ingrown toenail , got a bit infected. =AO foot doctor? today? who? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01758032 
EFTA02581525

The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a114db96824c485055bf296bb-- conversation-id 27319 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1508472342 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 760842 
2 
EFTA_R1_01758033 
EFTA02581526

