# EFTA02424601

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: minor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: From: Sent il~m[jeevacation@gmail.com] Sat 5/15/2010 8:28:53 PM Hello Jeff, I would like to speak with you about the trafficking charges whirling around you and Brunel. I'm certain your attorneys are advising you not to speak to media ( I am a writer not a journalist as you know). The downside is that you don't have a voice. public opinion in your case might sway in the direction least favorable to you and will decidedly impact investigations if you don't spe

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent 
il~m[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sat 5/15/2010 8:28:53 PM 
Hello Jeff, 
I would like to speak with you about the trafficking charges whirling around you and Brunel. 
I'm certain your attorneys are advising you not to speak to media ( I am a writer not a journalist 
as you know). The downside is that you don't have a voice. 
public opinion in your case might sway in the direction least favorable to you and will decidedly 
impact investigations if you don't speak. 
no matter how limited that conversation may be it is important at this point that you respond to 
some allegations being reported almost on a monthly basis. 
There is nothing more enticing to the press and to law enforcement than to be able to punish a 
wealthy man for allegedly committing improper sexual acts against financially deprived minors. 
No matter who the man is or where the girl comes form, he looses hands down. 
find someone you trust and speak to them albeit limited and focus only on the most damaging 
issues. 
You know where to reach me, 
The message and any attachment may be confidential or privileged and is 
intended only for the individual or entity identified above as the 
addressee. If you are not the addressee, or if this message has been 
addressed to you in error, you are not authorized to read, copy or 
distribute this message or any attachments and we ask that you please delete 
this message and any attachments and notify the sender by return email. 
Delivery of this message and any attachments to any person (s) is not 
intended in any way to waive confidentially or a privilege. 
EFTA_R1_0 1492652 
EFTA02424601

