# EFTA02498773

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, June 15, 2015 9:19 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: now where areyou? =br> On Mon, Jun 15, 2015 at 3:34 PM, Eva Dubin <=pan dir="ltr"> > wrote: He is here for Pasteur meeting Sent fro= my iPhone On Jun 15, 2015, at 6:56 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.comqa» wrote: look who we found in the Louis Vuitton museum, l Sent from

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, June 15, 2015 9:19 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: now where areyou? =br> On Mon, Jun 15, 2015 at 3:34 PM, Eva Dubin <=pan dir="ltr"> > wrote: He is here for Pasteur meeting Sent fro= my iPhone On Jun 15, 2015, at 6:56 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.comqa» wrote: look who we found in the Louis Vuitton museum, l Sent from my iPhone =div> please not= The information contained in this communication is c

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, June 15, 2015 9:19 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
now where areyou? 
=br> 
On Mon, Jun 15, 2015 at 3:34 PM, Eva Dubin <=pan dir="ltr"> 
> wrote: 
He is here for Pasteur meeting 
Sent fro= my iPhone 
On Jun 15, 2015, at 6:56 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.comqa» wrote: 
look who we found in the Louis Vuitton museum, l 
Sent from my iPhone 
=div> 
please not= 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidentia=, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information,=and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property o= 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communicatio= or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you=have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately=by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.co=> , and 
destroy this communi=ation and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all=rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01624470 
EFTA02498773

=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error =please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01624471 
EFTA02498774

