# EFTA00029294 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 6

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM <
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** (EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM < > To: < > Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: (EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Thu, 14 Oct 2021 13:49:32 +0000 Wine-Images: Screen_Shot_2021-10-13_at_6.31.26_PM.png: Screen_Shot_2021-10-13_at_6.26.05_PM.png Good morning- I am on the VTC with Ms. Maxwell who has confirmed that she has not received the hard drive sent by the government and delivered to the M

### Match 2
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM < > To: < > Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: (EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Thu, 14 Oct 2021 13:49:32 +0000 Wine-Images: Screen_Shot_2021-10-13_at_6.31.26_PM.png: Screen_Shot_2021-10-13_at_6.26.05_PM.png Good morning- I am on the VTC with Ms. Maxwell who has confirmed that she has not received the hard drive sent by the government and delivered

### Match 3
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM < > To: < > Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: (EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Thu, 14 Oct 2021 13:49:32 +0000 Wine-Images: Screen_Shot_2021-10-13_at_6.31.26_PM.png: Screen_Shot_2021-10-13_at_6.26.05_PM.png Good morning- I am on the VTC with Ms. Maxwell who has confirmed that she has not received the hard drive sent by the government and delivered to the MDC on Tuesday. Further. there is legal material and books that have been delivered to the MDC and have not been given to Ms. Maxwell. Please provide an explanation immediately. Thank you. Bo

### Match 4
> -10-13_at_6.26.05_PM.png Good morning- I am on the VTC with Ms. Maxwell who has confirmed that she has not received the hard drive sent by the government and delivered to the MDC on Tuesday. Further. there is legal material and books that have been delivered to the MDC and have not been given to Ms. Maxwell. Please provide an explanation immediately. Thank you. Bobbi Please note my new office address and preferred email address: BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stcmhcim Mahn Cell: Fax: this alto .in attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemhe

### Match 5
> ission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. On Oct 13,2021, at 6:55 PM, BOBB1 C STERNHEIM wrote: Good evening- Per the govt email and FedEx tracking info (sec below), two (2) FedEx envelopes sent by the government to the MDC for Ms. Maxwell were delivered to the MDC yesterday (Tuesday 10/12) at 10:26 am. As of this afternoon (10/13), Ms. Maxwell still had not received either FedEx.. Please immediately provide an explanation for the delay as it will be reported to the Court. Bobbi <Screen Shot 2021-10-13 at 6.46.32 PM.png-cScreen S

### Match 6
> u. On Oct 13,2021, at 6:55 PM, BOBB1 C STERNHEIM wrote: Good evening- Per the govt email and FedEx tracking info (sec below), two (2) FedEx envelopes sent by the government to the MDC for Ms. Maxwell were delivered to the MDC yesterday (Tuesday 10/12) at 10:26 am. As of this afternoon (10/13), Ms. Maxwell still had not received either FedEx.. Please immediately provide an explanation for the delay as it will be reported to the Court. Bobbi <Screen Shot 2021-10-13 at 6.46.32 PM.png-cScreen Shot 2021-10-13 at 6.31.26 PM.png><Screen Shot 2021-10-13 at 6.26.05 PM.png> EFTA00029294 Chrome Filo Edi
