# EFTA02375111

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|<evadubin@hotmail.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin <evadubin@hotmail.com> Sent: Sunday, September 1, 2013 3:21 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: 3 1/2 years there as well.... Where are you? Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sun, 1 Sep 2013 15:20:25 To: <eva

**[FULL]:** s well.... Where are you? Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sun, 1 Sep 2013 15:20:25 To: <evadubin@hotmail.com> Subject: Re: =nd then transfered? for how long at ucla? =0A=0A=0A=0A=n Sun, Sep 1, 2013 at 11:19 AM, Eva Dubin <evadubin@hotmail.com <mailto:ev=dubin@hotmail.com> > wrote: =3 1/2 years can't remember! =Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry - Original Message =From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= > =Date: Sun, 1 Sep 2013 15:10:20 =To: <evadubin@hotmail.com <

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin <evadubin@hotmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, September 1, 2013 3:21 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
3 1/2 years there as well.... 
Where are you? 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 1 Sep 2013 15:20:25 
To: <evadubin@hotmail.com> 
Subject: Re: 
=nd then transfered? for how long at ucla? 
=0A=0A=0A=0A=n Sun, Sep 1, 2013 at 11:19 AM, Eva Dubin <evadubin@hotmail.com <mailto:ev=dubin@hotmail.com> 
> wrote: 
=3 1/2 years 
can't remember! 
=Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
- 
Original Message 
=From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= > 
=Date: Sun, 1 Sep 2013 15:10:20 
=To: <evadubin@hotmail.com <mailto:evadubin@hotmail.com» 
=Subject: 
=how many years did you go to karolinska.? did you get the mercedes the =irst year? 
=--
=The information contained in this communication is 
= confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
=constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
=the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
=Jeffrey Epstein 
=Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
= communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
=and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
=communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
=return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , =nd 
= destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01382678 
EFTA02375111

=0A=0A=-
=he information contained in this communication is 
=onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
=constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
=he use of the addressee. It is the property of 
=effrey Epstein 
=nauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
=ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
=and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
=ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by 
=eturn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gma=tcom> , and 
=destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1378048883</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195717</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>337471</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01382679 
EFTA02375112

