# EFTA02514666

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** :12 PM To: Nadia Subject: Re: Same old publicity seeking lawyers On Saturday, J=nuary 3, 2015, Nadia Why now? Something new? mailto: wrote: Sent from my iPhone <=r>On Jan 3, 2015, at 2:12 PM, jeffrey E. <jeev=cation@gmail.com <javascript:_e(%7B%=D;cvmlVjeevacation@gmail.corni);» wrote: prince andrew under fire. ignore . On Sat, Ja= 3, 2 • • <javascript:_e=%7B%7D;cvmr; wrote: =hy is the press calling me? Sent from my iPhone =C2 please note The informat=on contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may constitute inside information, and is int

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, January 3, 2015 10:12 PM 
To: 
Nadia 
Subject: 
Re: 
Same old publicity seeking lawyers 
On Saturday, J=nuary 3, 2015, Nadia 
Why now? Something new? 
mailto:
 wrote: 
Sent from my iPhone 
<=r>On Jan 3, 2015, at 2:12 PM, jeffrey E. <jeev=cation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%=D;cvmlVjeevacation@gmail.corni);» wrote: 
prince andrew under fire. ignore . 
On Sat, Ja= 3, 2 
• 
• 
<javascript:_e=%7B%7D;cvmr; 
wrote: 
=hy is the press calling me? 
Sent from my iPhone 
=C2 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only =or 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthoriz=d use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
return e-mail o= by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D;cvmrneevacat=on@gmail.com1);> , and 
EFTA_R1_01648491 
EFTA02514666

d=stroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachme=ts. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information=contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client=privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for=br>the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized =se, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this co=munication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or b= e-mail to 
jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01648492 
EFTA02514667

