# EFTA02460441

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, June 25, 2016 2:32 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: peaches , no fish, only bread and cheese= . it got really bad, needed to take m=drol. it kept swelling this morning. </=iv> On Sat, Jun 2=, 2016 at 10:25 AM, Eva Dubin > wro=e: what did you eat yesterday? Any creams you use on =our face or drops of liquid.... Can you send me R

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, June 25, 2016 2:32 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: peaches , no fish, only bread and cheese= . it got really bad, needed to take m=drol. it kept swelling this morning. </=iv> On Sat, Jun 2=, 2016 at 10:25 AM, Eva Dubin > wro=e: what did you eat yesterday? Any creams you use on =our face or drops of liquid.... Can you send me Rony's blood tests.=.. From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sat, 25 Jun 2016 07:23:28 -0=00 To: Bad swelling lip Sorry for=all the typos .Sent from my i P

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, June 25, 2016 2:32 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
peaches , no fish, only bread and cheese= . it got really bad, needed to take m=drol. it kept swelling this morning. 
</=iv> 
On Sat, Jun 2=, 2016 at 10:25 AM, Eva Dubin 
> wro=e: 
what did you eat yesterday? 
Any creams you use on =our face or drops of liquid.... 
Can you send me Rony's blood tests.=.. 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 25 Jun 2016 07:23:28 -0=00 
To: 
Bad swelling lip 
Sorry for=all the typos .Sent from my i Phone 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a114f38c6a0da9b05361b2462-- conversation-id 76605 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1466865090 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 622785 
EFTA_R1_01565994 
EFTA02460441

