# EFTA02437978

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Thu Oct 01 11:28:58 2009|
|Subject|RE:|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Cc: jeevacahon From: Peggy Siegal Sent Thur 10/1/2009 4:20:52 PM Subject Re: hearing Title: Re: hearing Stephen- I contacted Jeffrey Epstein who got in touch with Eva Dubin...all major players in medical research. Here is Eve's suggestion below. Does this help. X07C0 Peggy —Ol. vainaiMest From Dubin To: Peggy Siegal Cc: Jeffrey leevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thu Oct 01 11:28:58 2009 Subject: RE: Hi Peggy. Spoke to a couple of my colleagues in ENT. The first thi

**[FULL]:** ou. You can also call me at any time at my office, Best, Eva Subject: Re: Date: Thu I Oct 2009 09:19:32 -0400 From To: *vacation@ a con CC: As soon as office opens- I will get some film ideas..xoxo p -- Original Message — From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> To: Peggy Siegal Cc: Eva Dubin Sent: Thu Oct 01 09:17:34-2009 Subject: eva is on the daldry case., she is raising money for the mount sinai dubin breast cancer center.. lets have a movie screening, to benefit the center„ i will sponsor. please coordinate with Eva The information contained in this communication is EFTA_R1_0

**[WORD]:** evacahon From: Peggy Siegal Sent Thur 10/1/2009 4:20:52 PM Subject Re: hearing Title: Re: hearing Stephen- I contacted Jeffrey Epstein who got in touch with Eva Dubin...all major players in medical research. Here is Eve's suggestion below. Does this help. X07C0 Peggy —Ol. vainaiMest From Dubin To: Peggy Siegal Cc: Jeffrey leevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thu Oct 01 11:28:58 2009 Subject: RE: Hi Peggy. Spoke to a couple of my colleagues in ENT. The first thing your friend, Stephen Daldry, has to do is to establish whether this is a sensory neural hearing loss versus a conductive hearin

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Cc: 
jeevacahon 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Thur 10/1/2009 4:20:52 PM 
Subject 
Re: hearing 
Title: Re: hearing 
Stephen- I contacted Jeffrey Epstein who got in touch with Eva Dubin...all major players in medical research. 
Here is Eve's suggestion below. Does this help. 
X07C0 Peggy 
—Ol. vainaiMest
From
Dubin 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Cc: Jeffrey leevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Thu Oct 01 11:28:58 2009 
Subject: RE: 
Hi Peggy. 
Spoke to a couple of my colleagues in ENT. The first thing your friend, Stephen Daldry, has to do is to establish whether 
this is a sensory neural hearing loss versus a conductive hearing loss. One is treated with surgery and the other is treated 
with a hearin aid. 
way to establish the difference is by doing a hearing test. That can easily be done by calling Dr. 
April's office 
Say that Dr. April recommended for him to have a hearing test and make sure you let me 
know so I giv • 
• 
• 
p. They will take very good care of him. If he has already done a hearing test you can fax 
me the results 
and I will get it to the right people to find out in which direction to go from there. If he 
already knows that it is conductive hearing loss and that surgery is indicated the top guy for that would be Tom Roland at 
NYU. 
If I come up with anymore ideas I will email you. You can also call me at any time at my office, 
Best, 
Eva 
Subject: Re: 
Date: Thu I Oct 2009 09:19:32 -0400 
From 
To: *vacation@ 
a con 
CC: 
As soon as office opens- I will get some film ideas..xoxo p 
-- Original Message —
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Cc: Eva Dubin 
Sent: Thu Oct 01 09:17:34-2009 
Subject: 
eva is on the daldry case., she is raising money for the mount sinai dubin breast cancer center.. lets have a movie 
screening, to benefit the center„ i will sponsor. please coordinate with Eva 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA_R1_01510962 
EFTA02437978

confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside infonnation, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
Honnail* has ever-growing storage! Don't worn/ about storage limits. Check it out. 
<hilp • • 
•1 otorialiflotmailiStortge?ocid=IXT TAOLM WIJIM_Tolorial_Siorage 062009> 
EFTA_R1_01510963 
EFTA02437979

