# EFTA00017743 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 6

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Gary Bloxsome
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monday, January 27, 2020 13:44
- **Subject:** Re: U.S. Department of Justice investigation

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> xsome Cc: Richardson" Subject: RE: U.S. Department of Justice investigation Date: Mon, 27 Jan 2020 22:58:46 +0000 Inline-Images: image00 I .jpg; image002.jpg Gary, Our understanding is that U.S. Attorney Berman made a factual statement in response to a specific question that suggested the Duke of York either would or was cooperating, and he responded that to date he has not in fact provided cooperation with our investigation. That is, he corrected the record generally in a factually accurate statement; I don't believe this would create a misleading impression. I appreciate that you have advise

### Match 2
> re reporting that Geoffrey S. Berman, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York has disclosed what we understood were confidential communications between us and and ; Daniel Cundy ; Jennifer Richardson It has also been suggested that Geoffrey S. Berman has stated that the Duke of York has not co-operated with the Southern District. As you know we have made it very clear that the Duke of York has a strong desire to cooperate with the ongoing investigation by the DOJ and we are trying to reach a position where we are able to advise him to do so. We are concerned about the misle

### Match 3
> sclosed what we understood were confidential communications between us and and ; Daniel Cundy ; Jennifer Richardson It has also been suggested that Geoffrey S. Berman has stated that the Duke of York has not co-operated with the Southern District. As you know we have made it very clear that the Duke of York has a strong desire to cooperate with the ongoing investigation by the DOJ and we are trying to reach a position where we are able to advise him to do so. We are concerned about the misleading impression that has been created and the effect this has on our ability to advise the Duke to proceed w

### Match 4
> ound in ourPrivacy Statement Authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority under number 462078. EFTA00017743 On 22 Jan 2020, at 17:34, wrote: External email: is it safe to open attachments and links? Gary, We've received your response. We look forward to hearing whether the Duke of York is willing to speak with us. thank you, IIMI From: Gary Bloxsome Sent: Wednesday, January 22, 2020 11:35 To: Cc: >; cc >; Daniel Cundy >; Jennifer Richardson •c :, Subject: Re: U.S. Department of Justice investigation We are very grateful for your offer of assistance. At present we do not

### Match 5
> eal-time conversation would be more conducive to that discussion. thank you, From: Gary Bloxsome Sent: Monday, January 20, 2020 11:23 To: EFTA00017744 Cc: ) <->; < >; Daniel Cundy >; Jennifer Richardson c Subject: Re: U.S. Department of Justice investigation Thank you for your email. The Duke of York has made it clear to us that he has a strong desire to cooperate fully with the ongoing investigation by the DOJ. It is our responsibility to deal with the various issues and procedures that arise here that will need to be addressed to enable him to do so. We should be able to deal with at least

### Match 6
> torney Southern District of New York From: Gary Bloxsome Sent: Friday, January 03, 2020 10:30 To: Cc: < >; Cundy < ; Jennifer Richardson Subject: Re: U.S. Department of Justice investigation Dear Sirs, Thank you for your email dated 2 January 2020. I confirm that we do represent HRH the Duke of York. I would be grateful if you could please clarify what specifically you invite us to contact you about. Kind regards Gary Bloxsome Gary Bloxsome I Partner www.blackfords.com Blackfords LLP is a limited liability partnership registered in England & Wales with registered number OC325398 at Hill
