# EFTA02354195

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, foundation, mit, media lab, joi ito

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Boris Nikolic|
|Sent|Wednesday, October 25, 2017 2:51 AM|
|Subject|Re: FW: intro Joi <> Greg|

---

**[FULL]:** iCheng <mailto > Subject: intro Joi <> Greg Date: October 23, 2017 at 2:41:12 PM PDT To: Joi Ito .1 1<mailto » Cc: Greg Martinez <mailto Hi Joi, My good pal Greg Martinez is coming out to MIT Nov 6.10. Possible for you or someone from the Media Lab to show him some cool stuff? He works for Bill Gates @ BGC3 (bill gates company #3) This is where Bill does his investments, projects, and work that crosses his work for MSFT + the foundation. Anyway, would be great for Media Lab to connect to some of the cool things with Bill. Greg is also awesome 0 & thanks! L 3 EFTA_R1_01335599 EFTA023541

**[FULL]:** ubject: intro Joi <> Greg Date: October 23, 2017 at 2:41:12 PM PDT To: Joi Ito .1 1<mailto » Cc: Greg Martinez <mailto Hi Joi, My good pal Greg Martinez is coming out to MIT Nov 6.10. Possible for you or someone from the Media Lab to show him some cool stuff? He works for Bill Gates @ BGC3 (bill gates company #3) This is where Bill does his investments, projects, and work that crosses his work for MSFT + the foundation. Anyway, would be great for Media Lab to connect to some of the cool things with Bill. Greg is also awesome 0 & thanks! L 3 EFTA_R1_01335599 EFTA02354197 please note Th

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 25, 2017 7:27 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
RE: FW: intro Joi < > Greg 
This Saturday and Sunday until evening when I leave for London. 
Back in NYC around October 14th. 
You? 
B 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, October 25, 2017 2:51 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: FW: intro Joi <> Greg 
when new york? 
On Tue, Oct 24, 2017 at 9:30 PM, Boris Nikolic 
<mailto
> wrote: 
Please send me always emails to biomatics email. 
I am not checking Hotmail as often as all of my email is going to biomatics. 
If you send it to Hotmail it can go for days without me noticing 
Re Greg — he is relatively a new hire. I do not know him. Larry hired him from his friend's consulting company 
https://intentionalfutures.com/ . 
Larry has been getting them a lot of work through bgc3. 
That guy Greg worked before on some demo days for Bill. 
EFTA_R1_01335597 
EFTA02354195

Although he does not have any executive (or funding) power, he can present to Bill interesting projects at Media 
Lab and suggest that Bill visits Media Lab some time in future. This is all value there. 
B 
From: Boris Nikolic imailto 
<mailto 
Sent: Tuesday, October 24, 2017 11:07 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic cu
t
<mailto
> 
Subject: Fw: intro i <> reg 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Sent: Monday, October 23, 2017 8:20 PM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Fwd: intro Joi <> Greg 
 
Forwarded message 
From: Joichi Ito <1
1<mailto
> 
Date: Mon, Oct 23, 2017 at 5:46 PM 
Subject: Fwd: intro Joi <> Greg 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Do you know him? 
2 
EFTA_R1_01335598 
EFTA02354196

Begin forwarded message: 
From: LiliCheng
<mailto
> 
Subject: intro Joi <> Greg 
Date: October 23, 2017 at 2:41:12 PM PDT 
To: Joi Ito .1
1<mailto
» 
Cc: Greg Martinez 
<mailto 
Hi Joi, 
My good pal Greg Martinez is coming out to MIT Nov 6.10. 
Possible for you or someone from the Media Lab to show him some cool stuff? 
He works for Bill Gates @ BGC3 (bill gates company #3) 
This is where Bill does his investments, projects, and work that crosses his work for MSFT + the 
foundation. 
Anyway, would be great for Media Lab to connect to some of the cool things with Bill. 
Greg is also awesome 0 
& thanks! 
L 
3 
EFTA_R1_01335599 
EFTA02354197

please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01335600 
EFTA02354198

