# EFTA00018515 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 130

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 18 Filed 07/10/20 Page 1 of 26 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. x 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN OPPOSITION TO THE GOVERNMENT'S MOTION FOR DETENTION Mark S. Cohen Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 Phone: 212-957-7600 Jeffrey S. Pagliuca (pro hac vice admission pending) L

### Match 2
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 18 Filed 07/10/20 Page 1 of 26 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. x 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN OPPOSITION TO THE GOVERNMENT'S MOTION FOR DETENTION Mark S. Cohen Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 Phone: 212-957-7600 Jeffrey S. Pagliuca (pro hac vice admission pending) Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FORMAN P.C. 150 East 10th Avenu

### Match 3
> S. Cohen Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 Phone: 212-957-7600 Jeffrey S. Pagliuca (pro hac vice admission pending) Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FORMAN P.C. 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 Phone: 303-831-7364 Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell EFTA00018515 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 18 Filed 07/10/20 Page 2 of 26 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PRELIMINARY STATEMENT 1 ARGUMENT 5 I. The Conditions Created by the COVID-19 Pandemic Mandate the Release of Ms. Maxwell. 5 II. The Government Has Not Carried Its Burden Under 18 U.S.C.

### Match 4
> R-18-J-32JBT, 2020 WL 1042051 (M.D. Fla. Mar. 4, 2020) 18 United States v. Williams-Bethea, No. 18-CR-78 (MN), 2020 WL 2848098 (S.D.N.Y. June 2, 2020) 6 Statutes 18 U.S.C. § 3142 passim iii EFTA00018518 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 18 Filed 07/10/20 Page 5 of 26 PRELIMINARY STATEMENT Ghislaine Maxwell respectfully submits this Memorandum in Opposition to the government's July 2, 2020 Memorandum in Support of Detention ("Gov. Mem."). It is difficult to recall a recent case that has garnered more public attention than the government's prosecution of Jeffrey Epstein ("Epstein"). In July 2019, Ep

### Match 5
> n charged with a crime or been found liable in any civil litigation, and has always denied any allegations of claimed misconduct. Many of these stories and online posts were threatening and harassing to our client and those close to her. But sometimes the simplest point is the most critical one: Ghislaine Maxwell is not Jeffrey Epstein. She was not named in the government's indictment of Epstein in 2019, despite the fact that the government has been investigating this case for years. Instead, the current indictment is based on allegations of conduct that allegedly occurred roughly twenty-five years ago.

### Match 6
> ite having ample opportunity to leave the country, Ms. Maxwell stayed in the United States for almost an entire year until she was arrested. These actions weigh heavily in favor of release. See United States v. Friedman, 9 See, e.g., Spotlight turns on Jeffrey Epstein's British socialite :fixer' Ghislaine Maxwell after his suicide — but will she be prosecuted?, Daily Mail (Aug. 10, 2019) https://svww.dailymail.co.uk/newstarlicle-7344765/Spotlight-turns- Jeffrey-Epsteins-fixer-Ghislaine-Maxwell-suicide.html• Ghislaine Manvell: the woman accused of helping Jeffrey Epstein groom girls, The Guardian (Aug. 12,

### Match 7
> ht-turns- Jeffrey-Epsteins-fixer-Ghislaine-Maxwell-suicide.html• Ghislaine Manvell: the woman accused of helping Jeffrey Epstein groom girls, The Guardian (Aug. 12, 2019), https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2019/aug/12/ghislaine- maxwell-woman-accusethjeffrepepstein-groom-girls• British socialite Ghislaine Maxwell in spotlight after Epstein's apparent suicide, NBC News (Aug. 12, 2019) https://www.nbcnews.corninews/us-news/british-socialite- ghislaine-maxwell-spotlight-after-epstein-s-apparent-suicide-n1041111. 13 EFTA00018531 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 18 Filed 07/10/20 Page 18 of 26 837 F.2d 48, 49

### Match 8
> ation about her whereabouts. In November 2019, the British tabloid, The Sun, even offered a £10,000 bounty for information about Ms. Maxwell's location. A headline reminiscent of a Wild West wanted poster read: "WANTED: The Sun is offering a £10,000 reward for information on Jeffrey Epstein pal Ghislaine Maxwell."10 And in the days leading up to her arrest, there was a deluge of media reports (all untrue) claiming that Ms. Maxwell was hiding out in an apartment in Paris to avoid questioning by the FBI." She has seen helicopters flying over her home and reporters hiding in the bushes. Indeed, since Ms. M

### Match 9
> S. Cohen Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 Phone: 212-957-7600 Jeffrey S. Pagliuca (pro hac vice admission pending) Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FORMAN P.C. 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 Phone: 303-831-7364 Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell 22 EFTA00018540

### Match 10
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 18 Filed 07/10/20 Page 1 of 26 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. x 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN OPPOSITION TO THE GOVERNMENT'S MOTION FOR DETENTION Mark S. Cohen Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 Phone: 212-957-7600 Jeffrey S. Pagliuca (pro hac vice admission pen
