# EFTA02517603

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, September 18, 2014 4:14 PM To: Bill Gates I think you should instruct you people to set up a few sup=orting orgs. so that they are ready to go. no downside. =C2 also with respect to the chariites I never ask people for mone=,never in this case i thought i was responding to your reques= as to how you could show appreciation for the past.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, September 18, 2014 4:14 PM 
To: 
Bill Gates 
I think you should instruct you people to set up a few sup=orting orgs. so that they are ready to go. no downside. =C2 
also with respect to the chariites I never ask people for mone=,never in this case i thought i was responding to your 
reques= as to how you could show appreciation for the past. no more no less= 
=AO please note 
The information contained in this=communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, mayconstitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the=addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or=copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibite= and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in err=r, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com<=a>, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including=all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a11362a640ff255050359468c-- conversation-id 131893 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1411056845 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 440059 
1 
EFTA_R1_01652937 
EFTA02517603

