# EFTA00038568 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 11

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, April 8, 2021 5:08 PM
- **Subject:** RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: (NY) (FBI)" ala > To: (NY) (FBI)" 'Ma > Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case Date: Thu, 08 Apr 2021 23:15:46 +0000 Importance: Normal Hi =I, I am free any time after 12 tomorrow. Best, On Apr 8, 2021 6:03 PM, ' Hey all, (NY) (FBI)" -.MEM.> wrote: I thought it might be easier if we were able to get on a quick call to talk a little logistics next week and answe

### Match 2
> e phone. Let me know if sometime tomorrow works for you. Thanks! ----Original Message----- From: . (NY) (FBI) Sent: Thursday, April 8, 2021 5:08 PM To: (NY) (FBI) C c : I. (NY) (FBI) (NY) (FBI) < (NY) (FBI) . (NY) (FBI) (NY) (FBI) (NY) (FBI) Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case Thanks Hello everyone, (NY) (FBI) (NY) (FBI) . (NY) (FBI) . (NY) (FBI) Thank you so much for helping out next week. I don't anticipate we will need four agents for Tuesday and Thursday so if anyone has something else pressing feel free to bow out. I'll be sending you all another email

### Match 3
> our agents for Tuesday and Thursday so if anyone has something else pressing feel free to bow out. I'll be sending you all another email shortly and cc'ing AUSA who will be present at 500 Pearl all three days. She will meet you at 500 Pearl on the designated date at around 9am or shortly before. Maxwell and her team will be arriving at 9:30am. The evidence unit is transporting all evidence to 500 Pearl and that has already been coordinated. Please make sure to have a handcuff key on you. The review of evidence each day will last until 4:30pm. The evidence unit will transport evidence back so non

### Match 4
> - FBI New York Field Office Child Exploitation/Human Trafficking Desk: C: ----Original Message From: (NY) (FBI) a Sent: Thursday, A ril 8, 2021 12:36 PM To: (NY) (FBI) Cc: M , I . (NY) (FBI) (NY) (FBI) < (NY) (FBI) . (NY) (FBI) (NY) (FBI) Subject: RE: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case Hi Below is an updated list of agents who are able to assist. All are cc'd on this email. 4/13 SAW SA SA SA 4/14 SA 4/15 SA SA SA SA ----Original Messa e--- From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Thursday, April 08, 2021 10:41 AM To: NY-NADP Cc: (NY) (FBI) Subject: C-20 request to assist wi

### Match 5
> se Hi Below is an updated list of agents who are able to assist. All are cc'd on this email. 4/13 SAW SA SA SA 4/14 SA 4/15 SA SA SA SA ----Original Messa e--- From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Thursday, April 08, 2021 10:41 AM To: NY-NADP Cc: (NY) (FBI) Subject: C-20 request to assist with Maxwell case All, (NY) (FBI) . (NY) (FBI) . (NY) (FBI) Squad C-20 advised that if you are able to assist on just one of the days that would also work. Any assistance is greatly appreciated. EFTA00038569 Please let me know if you are able to assist on 4/13, 4/14 or 4/15 Squad C-20 is requesting two

### Match 6
> (FBI) . (NY) (FBI) Squad C-20 advised that if you are able to assist on just one of the days that would also work. Any assistance is greatly appreciated. EFTA00038569 Please let me know if you are able to assist on 4/13, 4/14 or 4/15 Squad C-20 is requesting two or three agents to assist with Maxwell and her defense team reviewing evidence at 500 Pearl Street from Tuesday April 13 throw Thursday April 15. This will be from 9:00am and continue for the entire day for all three days. AUSA will be present as well for the review. Please see below for additional info. • Maxwell and her defense

### Match 7
> s to assist with Maxwell and her defense team reviewing evidence at 500 Pearl Street from Tuesday April 13 throw Thursday April 15. This will be from 9:00am and continue for the entire day for all three days. AUSA will be present as well for the review. Please see below for additional info. • Maxwell and her defense team will all be present in the proffer room area on the 5th floor of the 500 Pearl Street courthouse for the primary review. This review will begin on April 13, 2021 and will continue every day thereafter until the review is complete. The logistics for this review are as follows:

### Match 8
> be present in the proffer room area on the 5th floor of the 500 Pearl Street courthouse for the primary review. This review will begin on April 13, 2021 and will continue every day thereafter until the review is complete. The logistics for this review are as follows: o The Marshals will produce Maxwell to 500 Pearl Street each morning by approximately 9:30am. Defense counsel are expected to arrive each morning at approximately 9:30am. We will need at least one FBI agent with a handcuff key who is responsible for pulling Maxwell from the Marshal cellblock and monitoring her (the same way an agen

### Match 9
> stics for this review are as follows: o The Marshals will produce Maxwell to 500 Pearl Street each morning by approximately 9:30am. Defense counsel are expected to arrive each morning at approximately 9:30am. We will need at least one FBI agent with a handcuff key who is responsible for pulling Maxwell from the Marshal cellblock and monitoring her (the same way an agent would monitor any proffering inmate at 500 Pearl) throughout the day. Please note that an agent will likely need to escort Maxwell to the bathroom dulgille day as well. o AUSA has reserved three proffer rooms for this review:

### Match 10
> ly 9:30am. We will need at least one FBI agent with a handcuff key who is responsible for pulling Maxwell from the Marshal cellblock and monitoring her (the same way an agent would monitor any proffering inmate at 500 Pearl) throughout the day. Please note that an agent will likely need to escort Maxwell to the bathroom dulgille day as well. o AUSA has reserved three proffer rooms for this review: The largest will be where the FBI can put the evidence for review. The second largest will be where the defense can meet privately, without any of the evidence items, to confer among themselves. The
