# EFTA02706839

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, foundation, melinda

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Joscha Bach Sent: Tuesday, February 26, 2013 10:24 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Pitch for Bill Gates Attachments: Computational Structure of Mental Representations proposal.pdf Dear Jeffrey, you asked for a pitch that I would give to Bill Gates if I had the =hance. I have given it a shot, did a couple of iterations and attached = draft. I would very much appreciate your feedback if you find

**[FULL]:** From: Joscha Bach Sent: Tuesday, February 26, 2013 10:24 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Pitch for Bill Gates Attachments: Computational Structure of Mental Representations proposal.pdf Dear Jeffrey, you asked for a pitch that I would give to Bill Gates if I had the =hance. I have given it a shot, did a couple of iterations and attached = draft. I would very much appreciate your feedback if you find the time! Bests Joscha PS: It might be interesting to talk with Roger about it, if you are =till planning to introduce us. PPS: I have gone for

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Joscha Bach 
Sent: 
Tuesday, February 26, 2013 10:24 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Pitch for Bill Gates 
Attachments: 
Computational Structure of Mental Representations proposal.pdf 
Dear Jeffrey, 
you asked for a pitch that I would give to Bill Gates if I had the =hance. I have given it a shot, did a couple of iterations 
and attached = draft. 
I would very much appreciate your feedback if you find the time! 
Bests 
Joscha 
PS: It might be interesting to talk with Roger about it, if you are =till planning to introduce us. 
PPS: I have gone for an Al proposal (since this is more in the area I am =nterested and knowledgeable in). I still think that 
a "simulate the =orld financial system" proposal might be more appropriate for the =ill&Melinda foundation, though 
(and is extremely interesting, too). 
1 
EFTA_R1_02103048 
EFTA02706839

