# EFTA02436780

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: Paris|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteitevacationagmail.comj From: Sent Sun 9/6/2009 7:39:02 PM Subject: Re: Paris Just tried calling you. Just woke up..fell asleep on the couch for about 7 hours. Ahhh..jetlag. Wanted to make sure it's OK for Valdson to still take us to the airport on the 12th if Andrew will be using him next weekend. On Sep 6, 2009, at 1:31 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jccvacation@gmail.com> wrote: of course... you may use car and driver, if you like. =will organize.. On Sun, Sep 6, 2009 at 7:12 AM, The Duke wrote: Dear Jeffrey, It has been far too long since we were in contact. H

**[WORD]:** ur apartment it would be really great from a number of perspectives. If this is either inappropriate or unavailable then I apologise for asking. EFTA_R1_0 1509373 EFTA02436780 I look forward to catching up with you personally before too long and in the meantime send you my very best wishes. Andrew. *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unautho

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteitevacationagmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
Sun 9/6/2009 7:39:02 PM 
Subject: Re: Paris 
Just tried calling you. Just woke up..fell asleep on the couch for about 7 hours. Ahhh..jetlag. 
Wanted to make sure it's OK for Valdson to still take us to the airport on the 12th if Andrew will 
be using him next weekend. 
On Sep 6, 2009, at 1:31 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jccvacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
of course... you may use car and driver, if you like. =will organize.. 
On Sun, Sep 6, 2009 at 7:12 AM, The Duke 
wrote: 
Dear Jeffrey, 
It has been far too long since we were in contact. Hope you are well? 
I have been following you vicariously through various mutual friends... 
Life in my world is as busy as ever and the demands are every 
increasing on my time. Having said that I really enjoy the work on 
behalf of the UK and I can make a real contribution to the UK's 
economy and prosperity through the activity and interventions I make. 
I have to go to Paris this coming weekend, 1 Ph to le Sept, and I 
remember that you have an apartment in Paris and was just wondering 
if I might be allowed to use it for the weekend? This is a private 
weekend and I am already booked into a hotel but on the off chance 
that you would allow me to use your apartment it would be really 
great from a number of perspectives. 
If this is either inappropriate or unavailable then I apologise for 
asking. 
EFTA_R1_0 1509373 
EFTA02436780

I look forward to catching up with you personally before too long and 
in the meantime send you my very best wishes. 
Andrew. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1509374 
EFTA02436781

