# EFTA00030524 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 9

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monday, November 2, 2020 11:51 AM
- **Subject:** RE: Request for search in Maxwell case

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: (USANYS) [Contractor]" To: ' )" Cc: " )" " (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case Date: Mon, 02 Nov 2020 17:18:20 +0000 Inline-Images: iniage001.jpg To confirm one more time you tagged all of the documents in the NYC folders (24348, 24349 and 24350) as when we add all of the numbers up it adds up to 5,283 documents. • The 347 documents tagged "Identified Responsive" in

### Match 2
> folder on the "US v. Epstein (SW Returns)" database. The vendor had a quick question and I want to make sure we are referencing the same set of documents. Thank you. From: Sent: Monday, November 2, 2020 11:51 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: ); (USANYS) Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case Confirmed, thank you very much. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Monday, November 2, 2020 11:33 AM To: Cc: l C *; Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case Per our conversation we will go ahead and produce this documents and add these documents to the large production are work

### Match 3
> rom: Sent: Monday, November 2, 2020 11:51 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: ); (USANYS) Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case Confirmed, thank you very much. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Monday, November 2, 2020 11:33 AM To: Cc: l C *; Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case Per our conversation we will go ahead and produce this documents and add these documents to the large production are working on right now. I will let you know if there are any questions. Thank you. (USANYS) From: Sent: Monday, November 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < > Cc

### Match 4
> duce this documents and add these documents to the large production are working on right now. I will let you know if there are any questions. Thank you. (USANYS) From: Sent: Monday, November 2, 2020 10:43 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < > Cc: >; (USANYS) Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case I am confused by this email. Last week, I requested that particular documents from these folders be prepared for production (see attached correspondence). Would you please call me to discuss? Thanks, From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Monday, November 2, 2020 10:40 AM To: Cc: lC ; (US

### Match 5
> eek, I requested that particular documents from these folders be prepared for production (see attached correspondence). Would you please call me to discuss? Thanks, From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Monday, November 2, 2020 10:40 AM To: Cc: lC ; (USANYS) Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case EFTA00030524 Good Morning, The following searches have been setup for your review. Please let me know if you plan to produce these documents as it is possible that some of these documents are part of the production the vendor is currently working on right now. L Q NYC024348-NYC024349-NYC0

### Match 6
> L Q NYC024348-NYC024349-NYC024350 - Email & Terms L Q NYC024348-NYC024349-NYC024350 - Email Addresses - Q NYCO24348-NYCO24349-NYCO24350 - Search Terms Thank you. From: Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 1:12 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < > Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case Thank you so much. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 1:00 PM To: ) 4: 1> Cc: Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case I will do what I can to get this done. Thank you. From: Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 12:56 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor]

### Match 7
> u. From: Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 1:12 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < > Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case Thank you so much. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 1:00 PM To: ) 4: 1> Cc: Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case I will do what I can to get this done. Thank you. From: Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 12:56 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < > Cc: ) c )'; (USANYS) < Subject: Request for search in Maxwell case I have another search request for the Maxwell case, please. If there's any way to get t

### Match 8
> t: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 1:00 PM To: ) 4: 1> Cc: Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case I will do what I can to get this done. Thank you. From: Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 12:56 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < > Cc: ) c )'; (USANYS) < Subject: Request for search in Maxwell case I have another search request for the Maxwell case, please. If there's any way to get these searches run before you're off tomorrow, I'd be very grateful. We need the following search terms run on all of the non-privileged files contained in the three folders entitled "NYC024328", "NYC0243

### Match 9
> Cc: Subject: RE: Request for search in Maxwell case I will do what I can to get this done. Thank you. From: Sent: Wednesday, October 28, 2020 12:56 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] < > Cc: ) c )'; (USANYS) < Subject: Request for search in Maxwell case I have another search request for the Maxwell case, please. If there's any way to get these searches run before you're off tomorrow, I'd be very grateful. We need the following search terms run on all of the non-privileged files contained in the three folders entitled "NYC024328", "NYC024349", and "NYC024350" in the "US v Epstein (SW Return
