# EFTA02385272

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** ys Please advise store or amex for gift cards<=div> Thank you <=iv> Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. On Jun 30, 2016, at 10:25 AM, jeffre= E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <javascript:_e(%7B%7D,1cvmrneevacation@gmail.com.);» wrote: rich , get 1 14k gift card from bergdorf and have=it delivered to eva dubin with a happy brithdy --= &n=sp; please note EFTA_R1_01403751 EFTA02385272 The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, m=y constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of t=e addressee. It is the property of JEE Un

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Thursday, June 30, 2016 4:24 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: gift cards 
Just picked up cards. Will now send th=m via messenger to 1040 5th avenue. 
Sent from my iPhone 
<=iv> 
On Jun 30, 2016, at 10:49 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com» wrote: 
Bergdorf 
On Thursday, 30 June 201=, Richard Kahn 
> wrote: 
gift cards direct from bergdorf come in 1,000 max am=unts (14 x 1000) - can pick up today 
gift car=s from american express come in 500 max amounts (28 x 500) - will take 2-3 b=z days 
Please advise store or amex for gift cards<=div> 
Thank you 
<=iv> 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
On Jun 30, 2016, at 10:25 AM, jeffre= E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,1cvmrneevacation@gmail.com.);» wrote: 
rich , get 1 14k gift card from bergdorf and have=it delivered to eva dubin with a happy brithdy 
--= 
&n=sp; 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01403751 
EFTA02385272

The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, m=y 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of t=e addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure o= copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibite= 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in erro=, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to je=vacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies th=reof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<=iv dir="ltr"> 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may b= attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is i=tended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEEUnauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any pa=t thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
receiv=d this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return=e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all c=pies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved<=r> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01403752 
EFTA02385273

