# EFTA02684999

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Mon Dec 13 15:41:34 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Monday, December 13, 2010 8:44 PM To: jeevacation@gmail.com* Subject: Re: Re: Oh fuck. And he read about it? That's harsh. It must be cultural. I feel te=ribly for him. I really do. Original Message From: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Dec 13 15:41:34 2010 =ubject: Re: Re: He was removed as chairman of Dubai world today Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Dec 13, 2010, at 1:36 PM, "Farkas, Andrew L." < wrot=: > What dismissal? What are you talking about? > Sent from my iPad > On Dec 13, 2010, at

**[WORD]:** e=ribly for him. I really do. Original Message From: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Dec 13 15:41:34 2010 =ubject: Re: Re: He was removed as chairman of Dubai world today Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Dec 13, 2010, at 1:36 PM, "Farkas, Andrew L." < wrot=: > What dismissal? What are you talking about? > Sent from my iPad > On Dec 13, 2010, at 3:34 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com<mai=to:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: > sultan read abou this dismissal in the newspapers. ** •* * Si* ***** *• *** ******** **S. , *******

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: 
Monday, December 13, 2010 8:44 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com* 
Subject: 
Re: Re: 
Oh fuck. And he read about it? That's harsh. It must be cultural. I feel te=ribly for him. I really do. 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Mon Dec 13 15:41:34 2010 
=ubject: Re: Re: 
He was removed as chairman of Dubai world today 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 13, 2010, at 1:36 PM, "Farkas, Andrew L." < 
wrot=: 
> What dismissal? What are you talking about? 
> Sent from my iPad 
> On Dec 13, 2010, at 3:34 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com<mai=to:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
> sultan read abou this dismissal in the newspapers. 
** •* * Si* ***** 
*• *** ******** 
**S. , ******* 
**** 
******* 
** ********* 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and 
> is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
> unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please 
> notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
> <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
> jeevacation@=mail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>, and destroy this 
> communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<intege 
/integer> 
<key>flags< ey> 
EFTA_R1_02008166 
EFTA02684999

<integer 
/integer> 
<key>gmai - a e -i s< key> 
<array> 
<integer>27</integer> 
<integer>7</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>122641</string> 
</diet> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_02008167 
EFTA02685000

