# EFTA02497004

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m] Sent: Saturday, June 20, 2015 12:10 PM To: Noam Chomsky Subject: Re: Re: I think you might try to plan on late september, ta=ing my apt and spending a few days with valeria in the city, A= it is the openiing of the UN general assembly , as well as the Clinton global initiative New york is rife with people with a= least influence, if not new ideas. . I, we. can organize man= fun interactions. my house becomes a respite for the select f=w, to take off their ties , and talk openly. You would be welcome to join as many create or participate as you prefer. 

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 24, 2015 9:09 PM 
To: 
Noam Chomsky 
Subject: 
Re: Re: 
I understand the limitations of questions too far from the=boundary of contemporary thought but as you speak 
hebrew= i will paraphrase the reason you should consider posing the questio=s now. -- If not now. when? 
On Wed, Jun 24, 2015 at 3:59 PM, Noam Chom=ky 
> wrote: 
The main questions that interest me a=e about origin of the language faculty, which, I think, created modern 
hum=ns, the most unusual, nutty, and remarkable of all biological phenomena. There are two problems that seem 
beyond re=ch: the origin of elementary human concepts, which appear to be radically =ifferent from anything in the 
animal world; and the "creative aspe=t of language use," the phenomenon that astonished Galileo, Descartes, and other 
leading figures since. The third probl=m has to do with what we've been calling "the Basic Proper=y" of language: a 
recursive procedure that generates an infinite a=ray of hierarchically structured expressions interpreted at the 
interfaces, primarily the conceptual-intentional interface, providing = "language of thought." The most fundamental 
question here=is to what extent the Strong Minimalist Thesis (SMT) holds, that is, to wh=t extent has nature produced a 
perfect solution to the Basic Property, which underlies our creative capacities in language=(and probably much else). 
That problem can be addressed, and has been, I t=ink with some success. 
Very generous proposal. Made go=d sense for Hilbert in 1900, given the advances of the past century. =These 
enabled him to formulate problems of deep mathematical significance in a form that was not too far from contemporary 
understandin=. 
But my feeling is that the cognitive =ciences is nowhere near that stage. It's possible to pose ma=y narrower 
problems, and that's in fact what people work on from grad school on to the limits of research. But understanding, I 
=hink, has probably not reached the stage where one can sensibly do what Hi=bert did. 
Others incidentally disagree =93 as is usually the case. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Wednesday, June 24, 2015 2:40 PM 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Subject: Re: Re: 
EFTA_R1_01621810 
EFTA02497004

i will get you a response on israel. / =C2 2. what does amaze you? interest you? . 3/ =C2 we could put 
together some chomsky questions for posterity, =AO like hillberts , fermats etc. I am willing to fund a prize =or 
solutions, Anonymously if you prefer... I need to keep up your fun quotient. <=u> 
On Wed, Jun 24, 2015 at 2:23 PM, Noam Chomsky 
> =rote: 
Forty years ago, Israel was one of th= most admired countries in the world. Now it is most disliked. 
Forty years ago it was pretty clear, as I wrote at the time (and I was far=from alone), that those who call themselves 
"supporters of Israel=E2 are in fact supporters of its moral degeneration, international i=olation, constant conflict and 
security problems, and maybe worse. So it has occurred. Israel even now has an of=icial whose task is to deal with 
international isolation.=/u> 
Israelis like to attribute all this to anti-Semitism, which hasn't =hanged in the past 40 years. Or to appeal 
to "we have no neg=tiating partner," which won't wash. The problem is n=t Netanyahu. The policies and problems are 
much deeper. The cr=cial question is how long and how far will Israel proceed on the course to self-destruct=on. 
A lot of work in Al, neural network t=eory, "Big Data and statistics," etc., is as you describe =E2 
mimicking behavior (which I don't even find amazing or particularly interest=ng). But I think you underestimate the 
theoretical insights and expl=nations, such as the few I mentioned in the papers I sent, the theories th=t yield 
explanations for such surprising phenomena as rigidity and structure-dependence, with their far-reaching 
consequences= Those I think are the kinds of results that are rarely found outsid= the hard sciences. They don't mimic 
behavior, but explain f=ndamental properties of cognitive processes that enter into behavior, of course indirectly. And 
there's a lot=more like it. 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Wednesday, June 24, 2015 6:43 AM 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Subject: Re: Re: 
1.do you have any specific questions for him? =C2 he thinks its not going in the right direction. =AO ie. 
bibi, not strong enough to make tough decisions. . =AO ehud trusts hamas more than abbas. I know you dont like 
telephones but we could set up a to=t exchange if you wanted to. 
2. more important 
I use my coin flip analogy often. ie. . single cell=experiments, like looking through a microscope at my 
coin , measure =ts content it moment, its shape , all trying to figure out why=the result after a long while is always the 
same -equal number=of tails and heads. a consistent result. no algorithm , no=computation . Why i am pushing you 
on this, is that i f=rmly believe that language needs a theory, cognitive sci=nce needs a theory, your minions and 
intellectual offspring are like=C2 bio engineers --they will be able to mimic some of the behavior, =es it is amazing but 
2 
EFTA_R1_01621811 
EFTA02497005

not interesting, you have thought long an= hard and more importantly have seen what does NOT work. einsteins 
t=ought experiments led to truly remarkable results in physics. Im hoping that results like that can be achieved for 
biology=/p> 
On Tue, Jun 23, 2015 at 11:05 PM, Noam Chomsky «= href= 
target="_blank' 
=wrote: 
Have a good weekend. I wonder what he=thinks about where the state is heading now. 
We'll probably be at the Cape= in Wellfleet, if we can make it. 
Maybe there are miracles, but I think=more prosaic approaches yield rich results in domains like 
vision (Marr's main concern) and language. Like some of those I =80 ye mentioned. I don't see how to progress in other 
ways= 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2015 10:20 PM 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Subject: Re: Re: 
1 you are a treat and=l very much appreciate your non finance views.): 2 ehud barak will b= 
with me for the weekend in ny. not sure where you are? 
Marr, , -try, probabilty, , symmetry. ent=opy. it might look like computation but it is not. it 
mi=ht look like algorithm but it is not. the flip of a coin does not co=pute, have an algorithm or a mechanism. though it 
might look as if it does. =AO it is not an input system, there is not mechanism drivning the heads an= tails towards equal 
numbers. , there is not nature looking to see what th= previous results were and computing the next result. like your ug 
it is more of a miracle. 
<mailto: 
On Tue, Jun 23, 2015 at 9:54 PM, Noam Chomsky 
rote: 
I wouldn't take the term =80 mechanism" too literally. It refers to whatever is taki=g 
place in the brain. For some, as most of those in the Nowak group, it means neural nets. =For Gallistel, it's processes 
internal to the cell. Useful t= look at these matters in terms of Marr's three levels: computatio=, algorithm, mechanism. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01621812 
EFTA02497006

From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2015 9:46 PM 
To: Noam Chomsky 
Subject: Re: Re: 
1 will do , by the way new =ousing starts were the highest in 7 years. the mortgage 
intere=t deduction cheerleaders , ( not me ). are thrilled. 
2. i am willing to be convinced, as always=/u> 
3. my admittedly naive point is that &qu=t;mechanism" ,I believe ,is the wrong 
concept. driven in error,=by the machine -computer analog since the early 1900s . instead =AO think of probability , it 
is not a mechanism , 
On Tue, Jun 23, 2015 at 9:05 PM, Noam Chomsky 
> =rote: 
1.=C2 
Not a trivial matter. I'm not the=best person to ask. I'd suggest 
contacting people who =99ve really thought seriously about these issues, like Robert Pollin, a fi=e independent 
economist at U Mass Amherst 
2.=C2 
Sherman's speculation is an interesting exten=ion of recent discoveries 
about conservation, deep homologies, regulatory =ircuits, and other elements of what's sometimes called "the evo-devo 
revolution." It remains to be seen whether a=ything can be done with it. I think you underestimate the contributi=ns of 
Berwick and his students, including Yang. 
3.=C2 
The idea that there is a "ug" for vis=on, language, etc., seems to be 
essentially what Randy Gallistel calls =80 the norm in neuroscience," quoted in the paper on modularity =hat I sent you. 
And yes, they're certainly connected, at least a= the level of cells, and presumably well beyond. These are live and 
=ignificant research areas. These "central modules" d= not have input or output, but they are accessed by input systems 
and in some cases, like language, by output systems. That seems a fair p=cture of the rough cognitive architecture. I 
don't follow th= rest. It's true that work on human language uses as evidenc= what is available, namely performance. 
And much of the work unfortunately is fascinated by the droppings, just as in other fields. =AO But there is some work 
that seeks to discover the mechanisms, as discus=ed in the papers I sent you. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, June 23, 2015 7:52 AM 
To: Noam Chomsky 
4 
EFTA_R1_01621813 
EFTA02497007

Cc 
Subject: Re: Re: 
1. if you would design a fair tax system. =AO what goals would you suggest. I ye 
been researching how to start a new =inancial system for Zimbabwe. its now so broken it prese=ts a clean petrie dish, 
exchange rate of a billion billion dollars =AO equals one us dollar 
2 berwick and yang. clever. =olution hunters, . not sure if question raisers 
,=sherman better 
3 . taking sherman work . and my conjectures =C2 ug 's would be genetically 
created =C2 modules of "sense makers. " structures t=at were able to separate sense from non-sense. I think there 
would be a ug for vision . smell etc and probably similar or=connected in some way. 
in previous emails 