# EFTA02247487

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Ossa Properties Barrett Anthon Cc: Andrew Su rintenden From: Sent Fri 6/8/2018 5:47:05 PM Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein 1 Merwin has confirmed there is moisture between the panes of glass on Ehud's window...let me know when you would like t On Jun 8, 2018, at 1:05 PM, A Barrett <M=> wrote: Andrew is away until July 5. I will take ca

**[WORD]:** Ossa Properties Barrett Anthon Cc: Andrew Su rintenden From: Sent Fri 6/8/2018 5:47:05 PM Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein 1 Merwin has confirmed there is moisture between the panes of glass on Ehud's window...let me know when you would like t On Jun 8, 2018, at 1:05 PM, A Barrett <M=> wrote: Andrew is away until July 5. I will take care of the ac on Monday June I I 9am. What do you need with the windows in 11J? Anthony Barrett On Jun 8, 2018, at 12:42 PM wrote: Hello Anthony and Andrew...I have emailed several times and left a voice mail for Andrew and yet to hear back re the below: -w

**[WORD]:** Ehud's window...let me know when you would like t On Jun 8, 2018, at 1:05 PM, A Barrett <M=> wrote: Andrew is away until July 5. I will take care of the ac on Monday June I I 9am. What do you need with the windows in 11J? Anthony Barrett On Jun 8, 2018, at 12:42 PM wrote: Hello Anthony and Andrew...I have emailed several times and left a voice mail for Andrew and yet to hear back re the below: -when can the AC be fixed in apt 3M...we wanted it done June 7,8, 11 or 12...would like it completed by June 13 before occupant returns from her travels. I need to schedule our man Leo at the same

**[WORD]:** 8, at 1:05 PM, A Barrett <M=> wrote: Andrew is away until July 5. I will take care of the ac on Monday June I I 9am. What do you need with the windows in 11J? Anthony Barrett On Jun 8, 2018, at 12:42 PM wrote: Hello Anthony and Andrew...I have emailed several times and left a voice mail for Andrew and yet to hear back re the below: -when can the AC be fixed in apt 3M...we wanted it done June 7,8, 11 or 12...would like it completed by June 13 before occupant returns from her travels. I need to schedule our man Leo at the same time...might there be a time that is convenient for you? -wher

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Ossa Properties Barrett Anthon 
Cc:
Andrew Su rintenden 
From:
Sent 
Fri 6/8/2018 5:47:05 PM 
Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
1 
Merwin has confirmed there is moisture between the panes of glass on Ehud's window...let me 
know when you would like t 
On Jun 8, 2018, at 1:05 PM, A Barrett <M=> 
wrote: 
Andrew is away until July 5. I will take care of the ac on Monday June I I 9am. 
What do you need with the windows in 11J? 
Anthony Barrett 
On Jun 8, 2018, at 12:42 PM 
wrote: 
Hello Anthony and Andrew...I have emailed several times and left a voice mail for 
Andrew and yet to hear back re the below: 
-when can the AC be fixed in apt 3M...we wanted it done June 7,8, 11 or 
12...would like it completed by June 13 before occupant returns from 
her travels. I need to schedule our man Leo at the same time...might 
there be a time that is convenient for you? 
-where are we with the window issue in 11J, Ehud's apartment...they will be away 
for about a month so we have some time to fix/replace it..please let 
me know. We will need to coordinate with Nili due to the alarm on 
apt. 
Look forward to hearing back quickly. 
Thanks 
EFTA_R1_01026592 
EFTA02247487

