# EFTA02299234

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Lesley Groff <|
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: Fwd: R=:|

---

**[FULL]:** edir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clydes=nline.com&src_bizid=XP7D49HwThcYKH3-- v2SGA&cachebuster=13268167=3&s=5e3f1132c321aab6c821469dc6681be39cdce0a474c3b74dd4c824560588741d> On Jan 17,2012, at 11:06 AM, Jeffrey e=stein wrote: Sorry for all the typos .Sent f=om my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Eva Dubin < <mailto: Date: January 17, 2012 3:=7:30 PM GMT To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m» Subject: RE: What p=armacy? Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 06:32:04 +0000 Subject: From: jeevacation@ mail.com To: <mailto CC: <mailto can i get some cipro, doxy . I would like=to

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
ues ay,January 
, 
: 
To: 
Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Re: do you know? 
We are all in the Ivory Co=st. Arrived today from Marrakech. Not sure where we are going from here. Po=sibly Dakar, 
possibly to LSJ tomorrow. 
Karina is flying fro= NY to LSJ on Friday morning. She should at least bring coconut water and s=me coconut milk. Can ask 
Brice if there is anything else special they might=need. 
On Jan 17, 2012, at 4:17 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
HeyM...do you know who Kar=n's is? and once we know that...is there anything that you and Brice n=ed for 
the island? Can you let me know what/where JE is...where you a=e...where Sue is? I need an update. Thanks 
Beg=n forwarded message: 
From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: January 17, 2012 11:16:37 AM EST 
To: Lesley Groff < 
Subject: Re: Fwd: R=: 
<mailto 
> > 
Please make sure th=t Karin's brings food and any thing Sarah Brice might need 
Sor=y for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 17, 2012, at 4=13 PM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
<=iv> 
Clyde's Pharmacy 
<=ddress class="adr" style="margin-top: Opx; margin-right: Opx; margin-bo=tom: lOpx; margin-left: Opx; 
padding-top: 0px; padding-right: 0px; padding-=ottom: Opx; padding-left: Opx; border-top-width: Opx; border-right-
width: 0=x; border-bottom-width: 0px; border-left-width: 0px; border-style: initial;=border-color: initial; font-size: 12px; 
vertical-align: baseline; backgroun=-image: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial= 
background-clip: initial; background-color: transparent; display: block; f=nt-style: normal; background-position: initial 
initial; background-repeat: i=itial initial; ">926 Madison Ave 
New York, NY 10021 
Neighborhood: Upper East Side 
<=address> 
EFTA_R1_01164158 
EFTA02299234

www.clydesonline.com 
<http://www.yelp.com/biz_redir?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.clydes=nline.com&src_bizid=XP7D49HwThcYKH3--
v2SGA&cachebuster=13268167=3&s=5e3f1132c321aab6c821469dc6681be39cdce0a474c3b74dd4c824560588741d> 
On Jan 17,2012, at 11:06 AM, Jeffrey e=stein wrote: 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent f=om my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Eva Dubin < 
<mailto: 
Date: January 17, 2012 3:=7:30 PM GMT 
To: Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m» 
Subject: RE: 
What p=armacy? 
Date: Tue, 17 Jan 2012 06:32:04 +0000 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@ mail.com 
To: 
<mailto 
CC: 
<mailto 
can i get some cipro, doxy . I would like=to put together a traveling med kit 
The information containe= in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privilege=, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use=of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized=use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is s=rictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
comm=nication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e=mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtoieevacation@gmail.com> 
,=and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all a=tachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01164159 
EFTA02299235

EFTA_R1_01164160 
EFTA02299236

