# EFTA00028880 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 67

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) REPLY MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION TO DISMISS THE SUPERSEDING INDICTMENT FOR BREACH OF THE NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP Phone: Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P

### Match 2
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) REPLY MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION TO DISMISS THE SUPERSEDING INDICTMENT FOR BREACH OF THE NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP Phone: Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. Phone: Bobbi C. Stemheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim Phon

### Match 3
> R MOTION TO DISMISS THE SUPERSEDING INDICTMENT FOR BREACH OF THE NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP Phone: Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. Phone: Bobbi C. Stemheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim Phone: Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell EFTA00028880 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page I. The NPA Applies to Ms. Maxwell, and She Has Standing to Enforce It. 2 II. The Co-Conspirator Immunity Provision is Not Limited to the SDFL. 7 III. The Co-Conspirator Immunity Provision Is Not Limited to the 2001-07 Time Period or to Violations of

### Match 4
> (S.D.N.Y. 2003) 17 United States v. Van Thornout, 100 F.3d 590 (8th Cir. 1996) 12 Other Authorities Dienst, J., Valiquette, J., Winter, T., and Fitzpatrick, S. "Jeffrey Epstein Confidante Ghislaine Maxwell Arrested on Sex Abuse Charges." NBC New York. July 3, 2020 15 iii EFTA00028883 Ghislaine Maxwell respectfully submits this Memorandum in Support of her Motion to Dismiss the Superseding Indictment for Breach of the Non-Prosecution Agreement ("Motion"). As though it were wielding an invisible ink pen, the government adds language to its Non-Prosecution Agreement ("NPA") with Jeffrey Epstein

### Match 5
> allegedly done in conspiracy with Epstein—conduct that even the United States Attorney for this District has characterized as a "prequel" to offenses by Epstein that the NPA undisputedly immunizes. See, e.g., Dienst, J., Valiquette, J., Winter, T., and Fitzpatrick, S. "Jeffrey Epstein Confidante Ghislaine Maxwell Arrested on Sex Abuse Charges." NBC New York. July 3, 2020 (https://www.nbcnewyork.com/news/local/crime-and-courts/ghislaine- 15 EFTA00028898 maxwell-arrested-jeffrey-epstein-aide/2495762/). Such an interpretation, rather than an insertion into the co-conspirator immunity provision of arbitrary

### Match 6
> NPA. Dated: March 15, 2021 New York, New York Respectfully submitted, /s/ Christian R. Everdell Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP Phone: Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. Phone: Bobbi C. Stemheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell 18 EFTA00028901 CERTIFICATE OF SERVICE I hereby certify that on March 15, 2021, I served by email, pursuant Rule 2(B) of the Court's individual practices in criminal cases, the within memorandum and any accompanying exhibits upon the following: U.S. Attorney's Office, SDNY Is/ Christian Eve

### Match 7
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) REPLY MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION TO DISMISS THE SUPERSEDING INDICTMENT FOR BREACH OF THE NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP Phone: Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & F

### Match 8
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) REPLY MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION TO DISMISS THE SUPERSEDING INDICTMENT FOR BREACH OF THE NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP Phone: Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. Phone: Bobbi C. Stemheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemhe

### Match 9
> R MOTION TO DISMISS THE SUPERSEDING INDICTMENT FOR BREACH OF THE NON-PROSECUTION AGREEMENT Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP Phone: Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. Phone: Bobbi C. Stemheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim Phone: Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell EFTA00028880 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page I. The NPA Applies to Ms. Maxwell, and She Has Standing to Enforce It. 2 II. The Co-Conspirator Immunity Provision is Not Limited to the SDFL. 7 III. The Co-Conspirator Immunity Provision Is Not Limited to the 2001-07 Time Period or to Violat

### Match 10
> Padilla, 186 F.3d 136 (2d Cir. 1999) 10 EFTA00028882 United States v. Sattar, 272 F. Supp. 2d 348 (S.D.N.Y. 2003) 17 United States v. Van Thornout, 100 F.3d 590 (8th Cir. 1996) 12 Other Authorities Dienst, J., Valiquette, J., Winter, T., and Fitzpatrick, S. "Jeffrey Epstein Confidante Ghislaine Maxwell Arrested on Sex Abuse Charges." NBC New York. July 3, 2020 15 iii EFTA00028883 Ghislaine Maxwell respectfully submits this Memorandum in Support of her Motion to Dismiss the Superseding Indictment for Breach of the Non-Prosecution Agreement ("Motion"). As though it were wielding an
