# EFTA02564063

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Sunday, Decem er 1 , 1 : To: Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Re: I will call you tomorrow. We just got home from the Jones christmas party..=.my ears are buzzing it was s000 loud! Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Dat

**[FULL]:** omorrow. We just got home from the Jones christmas party..=.my ears are buzzing it was s000 loud! Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sat, 15 Dec 2012 17:25:55 To: Subject: Re: =0A=0A=n Sat, Dec 15, 2012 at 12:20 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: =here are you? =ent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry =0A=0A=0A=0A=- ,•*••••••*•**••*••••••*•***•• ********* **•** ******** ** ***** * =he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute inside information, and is in

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Sunday, Decem er 1 , 1 : 
To: 
Subject: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Re: 
I will call you tomorrow. We just got home from the Jones christmas party..=.my ears are buzzing it was s000 loud! 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sat, 15 Dec 2012 17:25:55 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
=0A=0A=n Sat, Dec 15, 2012 at 12:20 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
=here are you? 
=ent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
=0A=0A=0A=0A=-
,•*••••••*•**••*••••••*•***•• 
********* 
**•** 
******** 
** ***** 
* 
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =nd may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>239587</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1355639345</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>264100</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01727707 
EFTA02564063

