# EFTA02376778

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, doctor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Lesley Groff Sent: Friday, October , : To: Eva Andersson Cc: Jeffrey Epstein; Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Good morning Eva...could you please =rovide some NY doctors you think Jeffrey could go and see =oday? On Oct 19, 2017, at 11:55 PM, Eva Dubin =rote: You? Where are you? Just soak it and take Keflex... Otherwise I have a bunch of names I can send you =omorrow... Please note, m

**[FULL]:** From: Lesley Groff Sent: Friday, October , : To: Eva Andersson Cc: Jeffrey Epstein; Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Good morning Eva...could you please =rovide some NY doctors you think Jeffrey could go and see =oday? On Oct 19, 2017, at 11:55 PM, Eva Dubin =rote: You? Where are you? Just soak it and take Keflex... Otherwise I have a bunch of names I can send you =omorrow... Please note, my email address has changed te On Oct 19, 2017, at 11:36 PM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: ingrown to

**[FULL]:** From: Lesley Groff Sent: Friday, October , : To: Eva Andersson Cc: Jeffrey Epstein; Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Good morning Eva...could you please =rovide some NY doctors you think Jeffrey could go and see =oday? On Oct 19, 2017, at 11:55 PM, Eva Dubin =rote: You? Where are you? Just soak it and take Keflex... Otherwise I have a bunch of names I can sen

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Friday, October 
, 
: 
To: 
Eva Andersson 
Cc: 
Jeffrey Epstein; Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
Good morning Eva...could you please =rovide some NY doctors you think Jeffrey could go and see =oday? 
On Oct 19, 2017, at 11:55 PM, Eva Dubin 
=rote: 
You? 
Where are you? 
Just soak it and take Keflex... 
Otherwise I have a bunch of names I can send you =omorrow... 
Please note, my email address has changed te 
On Oct 19, 2017, at 11:36 PM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
<jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ingrown toenail , got a bit =nfected. 
foot doctor? today? =ho? 
=lease note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01386658 
EFTA02376778

