# EFTA02431499

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom>|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Mon Jan 18 08:26:12 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationftmail.comijeevacation(©mail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Mon 1/18/2010 1:33:12 PM Subject: Re: Ok From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Mon Jan 18 08:26:12 2010 Subject: if you could get that a fladavit signed by wed i would appreciate it. ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ********

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationftmail.comijeevacation(©mail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Mon 1/18/2010 1:33:12 PM Subject: Re: Ok From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Mon Jan 18 08:26:12 2010 Subject: if you could get that a fladavit signed by wed i would appreciate it. ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may co

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationftmail.comijeevacation(©mail.com] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent 
Mon 1/18/2010 1:33:12 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Ok 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: Mon Jan 18 08:26:12 2010 
Subject: 
if you could get that a fladavit signed by wed i would appreciate it. 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@smail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01501887 
EFTA02431499

