# EFTA00032646 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 15

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, April 7, 2021 3:45 PM
- **Subject:** RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' To: ' (USANYS) [Contractor]" Cc: "-USANYS) [Contractor]" < >. ' (USANYS) [Contractor]" Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Date: Wed, 07 Apr 2021 21:33:50 +0000 Thank you From: Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 4:17 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] .c ) (USANYS) [Contractor] < >; (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files The files from have been added to the folder h

### Match 2
> ntractor]" Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Date: Wed, 07 Apr 2021 21:33:50 +0000 Thank you From: Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 4:17 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] .c ) (USANYS) [Contractor] < >; (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files The files from have been added to the folder here for your review: From: Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 3:45 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Great, thanks to you both! From: (USANYS) [Contractor] •c

### Match 3
> (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files The files from have been added to the folder here for your review: From: Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 3:45 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Great, thanks to you both! From: (USANYS) [Contractor] •c Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 3:30 PM To: I. (NY) (FBI) < >; Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < >; >; I. (NY) (FBI) < > (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Rece

### Match 4
> RE: CD with Maxwell files Great, thanks to you both! From: (USANYS) [Contractor] •c Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 3:30 PM To: I. (NY) (FBI) < >; Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < >; >; I. (NY) (FBI) < > (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Received, thank you! I'll let you know when these files have been uploaded to the shared. From: I. (NY) (FBI) < > Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 3:28 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Just dropped it off. >; (USANYS) [Cont

### Match 5
> r] Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Received, thank you! I'll let you know when these files have been uploaded to the shared. From: I. (NY) (FBI) < > Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 3:28 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Just dropped it off. >; (USANYS) [Contractor] (USANYS) [Contractor] Special Agent FBI New York Field Office EFTA00032646 On Apr 7, 2021 2:24 PM, " (USANYS) [Contractor]" > wrote: That's perfect, thank you. Please let me know once you've dropped them off. From: E. (NY) (FBI) •c >

### Match 6
> 7, 2021 2:24 PM, " (USANYS) [Contractor]" > wrote: That's perfect, thank you. Please let me know once you've dropped them off. From: E. (NY) (FBI) •c > Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 2:22 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files >; (USANYS) [Contractor] Do you want me to just leave it downstairs in a folder? I'll bring it over now. There are four disks to include 1B-14, 1B 8-2, 1B 8-7, and 1D-1. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] .ic > Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 11:26 AM To: I. (NY) (FBI) Cc: (USANYS) [Contra

### Match 7
> s in a folder? I'll bring it over now. There are four disks to include 1B-14, 1B 8-2, 1B 8-7, and 1D-1. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] .ic > Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 11:26 AM To: I. (NY) (FBI) Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Sounds good, thank you! From: E. (NY) (FBI) < > Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 11:09 AM To: ) (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Hey MI, >; (USANYS) [Contractor] I'm having some issues with my usa fx account. I

### Match 8
> (USANYS) [Contractor] < (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: RE: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Sounds good, thank you! From: E. (NY) (FBI) < > Sent: Wednesday, April 7, 2021 11:09 AM To: ) (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: [EXTERNAL EMAIL] - RE: CD with Maxwell files Hey MI, >; (USANYS) [Contractor] I'm having some issues with my usa fx account. I have to drop some other media off, so I'll put this on another disc and drop it off. I can drop it all off early afternoon if that's alright. Special Agent FBI New York Field Office On Apr 7, 2021 9:48 A

### Match 9
> low up on getting the folder "18 1-14" on USAfx. Please let us know when you've been able to upload it, thanks! EFTA00032647 From: Sent: Tuesday, April 6, 2021 1:14 PM To: •. (NY) (FBI) < >; (USANYS) [Contractor] < Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <->; (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: FW: CD with Maxwell files Thanks so much, M. (cc'd) will make another copy this afternoon and will send it to you via USAfx. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Tuesday, April 6, 2021 1:12 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files >; (USANYS) [Contractor] Just confirmed with that

### Match 10
> ntractor] <->; (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: FW: CD with Maxwell files Thanks so much, M. (cc'd) will make another copy this afternoon and will send it to you via USAfx. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Tuesday, April 6, 2021 1:12 PM To: Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: CD with Maxwell files >; (USANYS) [Contractor] Just confirmed with that we'll need a replacement of the folder called "18 1-14" since it won't copy for him either, probably due to the files getting corrupted somehow when the disc was burned. The folder/its contents may be small enough that the FBI could send
