# EFTA00016292 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, August 26, 2020 2:45 PM
- **Subject:** Re: delivery of hard drive to MDC for discovery production to inmate

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> resolved, but I'll follow up tomorrow and ask if she'd be willing to identify particular files there are issues with and let you know. Thanks again, Thanks very much for reaching out. I'm adding 8/26/2020 3:22 PM >>> who may be able to answer your question. If there are particular files that Maxwell is having difficulty opening, please let us know, and we can try to figure out how to address the issue. Thanks, ssistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York l St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: Sent: Wednesday, August 26, 2020 2:45 PM Subject: Re: delivery of har

### Match 2
> figure out how to address the issue. Thanks, ssistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York l St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: Sent: Wednesday, August 26, 2020 2:45 PM Subject: Re: delivery of hard drive to MDC for discovery production to inmate Good afternoon, Maxwell was provided this drive on Tuesday. Staff have reported to me that she has reported that certain files do not work. Can you advise what types of files (i.e., video/excel/etc.) are on the drive and what players or applications may be necessary to view them? I'm trying to figure out what reasons ma

### Match 3
> an authorization memo so she can retain it. Then it will be provided to her. It can be password protected so long as you include a cover letter that contains the password for her. is e Ho this helps, 8/5/2020 4:34 PM > » We ave a ar rive wit i oa e iscovery t at we nee to e iver to islaine Maxwell, at MDC. Could you please let us know what the current protocol is for that? Also, it's our understanding that hard drives with discovery materials for inmates needs to be non-encrypted (and not have a password for access), is that also correct? We're hoping to get these materials to her tomorr
