# EFTA00031598 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 168 Filed 03/18/21 Page 1 of 5 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SDNY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC //: DATE FILED: 3/18/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On February 26, 2021, the Government filed its omnibus memorandum of law opposing Defendants' twelve pre-trial motions. It filed the brief, along with t

### Match 2
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 168 Filed 03/18/21 Page 1 of 5 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SDNY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC //: DATE FILED: 3/18/21 20-CR-330 (MN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: On February 26, 2021, the Government filed its omnibus memorandum of law opposing Defendants' twelve pre-trial motions. It filed the brief, alon

### Match 3
> ter with the Court—under seal, if necessary—justifying the redaction and sealing requests. Finally, the Court denies the Government's request to file Exhibit 11 entirely under seal. While portions of that transcript have been redacted, other portions are part of the public record. See Giuffre v. Maxwell, Case No. 15-cv-7433, Dkt. No. 1212-1. In light of this, the Court sees no basis to file the transcript entirely under seal rather than by redacting the relevant portions. In light of the above, the Government is hereby ORDERED to either docket on ECF their brief and the corresponding exhibits,
