# EFTA02430634

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** good spot, they shouldn't either. My lack, especially when self-imposed, prohibits others from having what I lack (or enjoying it if they already have it). I rationally know this is nuts and selfish, but it is there anyway. It is what we do with it that defines us. In your case, as with Tiger, Bill Clinton, Mel Gibson, etc., this propensity is fueled and justified by the media. Once the media legitimizes these feelings, they come out in cartoonish sizes. Just a thought. Steve EFTA_R1_0 1500834 EFTA02430634

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation@igmail.comUeevacation@gmail.com]; (Jeffrey Epstein)[!) 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 1/29/2010 8:08:19 PM 
Jeffrey, 
Thinking about human nature in general rather than the girls in this case, think about the example 
of Tiger Woods. Everyone loved him, elevated him to super-celeb status, and immediately took 
delight in his personal-marital problems. Happens all the time. People make someone a celeb and 
after building them up relish watching them fall. There is a jealous sadistic side to humans that 
surfaces in these situations. Nobody wants to acknowledge this about themselves, so we dress it 
up as other things. We want our fantasies, but we also want the right to destroy the person we 
have occupy them. It is like how I get mad when I see someone park in a handicap spot. Aside 
from the obvious part, I get mad because I think that if I don't take advantage of the good spot, 
they shouldn't either. My lack, especially when self-imposed, prohibits others from having what I 
lack (or enjoying it if they already have it). I rationally know this is nuts and selfish, but it is there 
anyway. It is what we do with it that defines us. 
In your case, as with Tiger, Bill Clinton, Mel Gibson, etc., this propensity is fueled and justified by 
the media. Once the media legitimizes these feelings, they come out in cartoonish sizes. 
Just a thought. 
Steve 
EFTA_R1_0 1500834 
EFTA02430634

