# EFTA02513585

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: underage, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> I|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent|Sunday, January 11, 2015 05:39 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, January 11, 2015 10:49 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: yup On Sun, Jan 11, 2015 at 6:44 PM, Farkas, Andrew L > wrote: NFW. What local papers? Usvi? From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> I Sent: Sunday, January 11, 2015 05:39 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: I kid you not , the local pap

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, January 11, 2015 10:49 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: yup On Sun, Jan 11, 2015 at 6:44 PM, Farkas, Andrew L > wrote: NFW. What local papers? Usvi? From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> I Sent: Sunday, January 11, 2015 05:39 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: I kid you not , the local papers are suggesting that steven hawking had sex=with underage girls on is

**[WORD]:** y, January 11, 2015 10:49 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: yup On Sun, Jan 11, 2015 at 6:44 PM, Farkas, Andrew L > wrote: NFW. What local papers? Usvi? From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> I Sent: Sunday, January 11, 2015 05:39 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L Subject: I kid you not , the local papers are suggesting that steven hawking had sex=with underage girls on island. ll please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, January 11, 2015 10:49 PM 
To: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
Re: 
yup 
On Sun, Jan 11, 2015 at 6:44 PM, Farkas, Andrew L 
> wrote: 
NFW. What local papers? Usvi? 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> I 
Sent: Sunday, January 11, 2015 05:39 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Subject: 
I kid you not , the local papers are suggesting that steven hawking had sex=with underage girls on island. ll
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual 
or entity to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary,=privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from dis=losure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the in=ended recipient, you are hereby 
EFTA_R1_01646801 
EFTA02513585

notified that printing, retaining, reprodu=ing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including any r=liance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message =n error, 
please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (in=luding any attachments) and any copies in their 
entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothi=g contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement= amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC =r any of its affiliates, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital=Group LLC or such affiliate. 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediatrly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01646802 
EFTA02513586

