# EFTA02282675

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff|
|To||
|Sent|Thursday, April 4, 2019 2:48.1|
|Subject|Re: le rey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** :37 PM wrote: Okay, so I'm confused. Jeffrey can meet at 8am Friday and Saturday or at 5pm Friday and Saturday? Please clarify. Thanks From: Lesley Groff Sent: Thursday, April 4, 2019 2:48.1 To Subject: Re: le rey Epstein unfortunately it will not...these men! Early Saturday won't work for Andrew (must be before 9am) or after 5pm Saturday? On A r4 2019 at 2:43 PM wr . Lesley, Andrew could meet Jeffrey from 11:45am-12:15pm tomorrow... would that work? I know it's only 30mins but hopefully it works? Thanks, EFTA_M_01 104173 EFTA02282675 From: Lesley Grof.f Sent: Thursday, April 4,

**[WORD]:** m Friday and Saturday? Please clarify. Thanks From: Lesley Groff Sent: Thursday, April 4, 2019 2:48.1 To Subject: Re: le rey Epstein unfortunately it will not...these men! Early Saturday won't work for Andrew (must be before 9am) or after 5pm Saturday? On A r4 2019 at 2:43 PM wr . Lesley, Andrew could meet Jeffrey from 11:45am-12:15pm tomorrow... would that work? I know it's only 30mins but hopefully it works? Thanks, EFTA_M_01 104173 EFTA02282675 From: Lesley Grof.f Sent: Thursday, April 4, 201912:44 PM To: Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Hi .and now things have changed a bit...an

**[WORD]:** ..any way we can look at an 8am breakfast Friday or Saturday? On A r 4, 2019, at 12:36 PM te: Standby — I have asked him and am awaiting a reply. From: Lesley Groff Sent: Thursday, April 4, 2019 7:40 AM To Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Oops. Just as I say ycs to 2pm it now won't work! Can Andrew come anytime before 11 am or after 5pm on Friday? Sent from my iPhone On Apr 3, 2019, at 6:06 PM, wrote: Lesley — ALF has lunch and dinner plans tomorrow and Friday. Any chance Jeffrey can meet on Friday after lunchtime. Say, 2pm? Might that work? Thank you, From: Lesley Groff Sent: We

**[WORD]:** 19, at 6:06 PM, wrote: Lesley — ALF has lunch and dinner plans tomorrow and Friday. Any chance Jeffrey can meet on Friday after lunchtime. Say, 2pm? Might that work? Thank you, From: Lesley Groff Sent: Wednesday, April 3, 2019 To Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Jeffrey is in NY and asking if Andrew would like to EFTA_R1_01104174 EFTA02282676 come see him tomorrow, Thursday April 4 or Friday April 5...please let me know...below arc some day/times that work: Thursday April 4: 8:30am Breakfast 12:00pm Lunch Any time after 5:30pm Friday April 5: 8:30am Breakfast 12:30pm Lunch Anytim

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Hagen, Meddle 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Thur 4/4/2019 11:11:24 PM 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Ha! Yes. Agree. It would have to be a very early answer! Hoping Saturday will work! Have a 
great night! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 4, 2019, at 6:42 PM, a 
wrote: 
Thank you! I asked him and will let you know. But, probably not for tomorrow am ;) will 
let you know about Saturday 
From: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Thursday, April 4, 2019 6:00 PM 
To: 
Subject: Re: le rey Epstein 
So sorry. To clarify: jeffrey can do 8:30am breakfast Friday. 8am breakfast 
Saturday or After 6pm Saturday. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 4, 2019, at 5:37 PM
 wrote: 
Okay, so I'm confused. Jeffrey can meet at 8am Friday and Saturday or at 
5pm Friday and Saturday? Please clarify. Thanks 
From: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Thursday, April 4, 2019 2:48.1 
To 
Subject: Re: le rey Epstein 
unfortunately it will not...these men! Early Saturday won't work for 
Andrew (must be before 9am) or after 5pm Saturday? 
On A r4 2019 at 2:43 PM
wr 
. 
Lesley, 
Andrew could meet Jeffrey from 11:45am-12:15pm 
tomorrow... would that work? I know it's only 30mins but 
hopefully it works? 
Thanks, 
EFTA_M_01 104173 
EFTA02282675

From: Lesley Grof.f 
Sent: Thursday, April 4, 201912:44 PM 
To: 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi 
.and now things have changed a bit...any 
way we can look at an 8am breakfast Friday or Saturday? 
On A r 4, 2019, at 12:36 PM 
te: 
Standby — I have asked him and am awaiting a 
reply. 
From: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Thursday, April 4, 2019 7:40 AM 
To 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Oops. Just as I say ycs to 2pm it now won't 
work! Can Andrew come anytime before 
11 am or after 5pm on Friday? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 3, 2019, at 6:06 PM, 
wrote: 
Lesley — 
ALF has lunch and dinner plans 
tomorrow and Friday. Any chance 
Jeffrey can meet on Friday after 
lunchtime. Say, 2pm? Might that 
work? 
Thank you, 
From: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Wednesday, April 3, 2019 
To 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Jeffrey is in NY and 
asking if Andrew would like to 
EFTA_R1_01104174 
EFTA02282676

come see him tomorrow, 
Thursday April 4 or Friday April 
5...please let me know...below 
arc some day/times that work: 
Thursday April 4: 
8:30am Breakfast 
12:00pm Lunch 
Any time after 5:30pm 
Friday April 5: 
8:30am Breakfast 
12:30pm Lunch 
Anytime after 6pm 
Let me know! and if nothing 
above works, suggest something 
and we can see if we can make 
it work! 
Lesley 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
This message, and any 
attachments hereto, is 
confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the 
individual or entity to whom it 
is addressed. This 
communication may contain 
information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject 
to a confidentiality and/or non-
disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by 
contract or under applicable 
law). If you are not the 
intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, 
disclosing, disseminating or 
EFTA_R1_01104175 
EFTA02282677

using this message or any 
information contained herein 
(including any reliance thereon) 
is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, 
please contact the sender 
immediately and destroy the 
message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in 
their entirety, whether in 
electronic or hard copy format. 
Nothing contained in this e-mail 
shall be considered a legally 
binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of 
any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its 
affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such 
affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential 
and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or 
entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may 
contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-
disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable 
law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are 
hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, 
copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message 
or any information contained herein (including any 
reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender 
immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in 
electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this 
e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. 
This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
EFTA_R1_01104176 
EFTA02282678

proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure 
agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by 
contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, 
you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, 
disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If 
you have received this message in error, please contact the sender 
immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) and 
any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. 
Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island 
Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully 
executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such 
affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and 
intended exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it 
is addressed. This communication may contain information that is 
confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality 
and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you 
are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using 
this message or any information contained herein (including any 
reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
message in error, please contact the sender immediately and 
destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in 
their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing 
contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with 
Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital 
Group LLC or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using 
this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance 
thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please 
contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
EFTA_R1_01104177 
EFTA02282679

format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital 
Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01104178 
EFTA02282680

