# EFTA00020505 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Y; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING Drafted By: Date/Time Received: 09/08/2020 10:29 PM EDT Details: On 09/08/2020, at 10:29 a.m. Eastern Time, , date of birth telephone number , home address :\ew York, NY 10027, called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report information regarding Ghislaine Maxwell. provided the following information: In 2013, at Behavior Health in. West Palm Beach, Florida. During a break he notice Maxwell speaking with two young ladies, identifiers unknown. also saw Jeffrey Epstein at the facility sitting in car three or four times. He remembers the ladies getting i

### Match 2
> Y; CHILD SEX TRAFFICKING Drafted By: Date/Time Received: 09/08/2020 10:29 PM EDT Details: On 09/08/2020, at 10:29 a.m. Eastern Time, , date of birth telephone number , home address :\ew York, NY 10027, called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report information regarding Ghislaine Maxwell. provided the following information: In 2013, at Behavior Health in. West Palm Beach, Florida. During a break he notice Maxwell speaking with two young ladies, identifiers unknown. also saw Jeffrey Epstein at the facility sitting in car three or four times. He remembers the ladies g

### Match 3
> ate of birth telephone number , home address :\ew York, NY 10027, called the FBI National Threat Operations Center (NTOC) to report information regarding Ghislaine Maxwell. provided the following information: In 2013, at Behavior Health in. West Palm Beach, Florida. During a break he notice Maxwell speaking with two young ladies, identifiers unknown. also saw Jeffrey Epstein at the facility sitting in car three or four times. He remembers the ladies getting into the car with Epstein and them leaving. The ladies were back at the facility within an hour of leaving. is still in contact wit
