# EFTA02430111

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Wed Feb 17 08:23:16 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationegmail.comijeevacationellgmaiLcom] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Wed 2/17/2010 1:34:43 PM Subject: Re: It's fine. I was very concerned. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Wed Feb 17 08:23:16 2010 Subject: the article is great. ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The info

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationegmail.comijeevacationellgmaiLcom] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Wed 2/17/2010 1:34:43 PM Subject: Re: It's fine. I was very concerned. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Wed Feb 17 08:23:16 2010 Subject: the article is great. ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only fo

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationegmail.comijeevacationellgmaiLcom] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Wed 2/17/2010 1:34:43 PM 
Subject: Re: 
It's fine. I was very concerned. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@grnail.corn> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Wed Feb 17 08:23:16 2010 
Subject: 
the article is great. 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01499961 
EFTA02430111

