# EFTA02717255

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Taylor, Judie" dudie.Taylor@gs.com>|
|To|"'Richard Kahn-  <richardkahn12@gmail.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** Friday, April 11.111 MM To: jeffrey E. Subject: Fwd: Goldman Sachs Attachments: Untitled attachment 00052.pdf; Untitled attachment 00055.htm; Fidelis Marketing Final _ Client Approved (April).pdf; Untitled attachment 00058.htm Morgan Stanley account is open and funded with 5,000,000 I told Andrew, our advisor at MS, to please send preferred =tock new issues, IPO's, secondaries and other interesting ideas =or your review Attached is correspondence from Goldman investment =eam Not sure if you wanted to set up an account =here as well or pass If nothing else i thought attachment regarding

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Friday, April 11.111
MM
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: Goldman Sachs 
Attachments: 
Untitled attachment 00052.pdf; Untitled attachment 00055.htm; Fidelis Marketing 
Final _ Client Approved (April).pdf; Untitled attachment 00058.htm 
Morgan Stanley account is open and funded with 5,000,000 I told Andrew, our advisor at MS, to please send preferred 
=tock new issues, IPO's, secondaries and other interesting ideas =or your review 
Attached is correspondence from Goldman investment =eam Not sure if you wanted to set up an account =here as well 
or pass 
If nothing else i thought attachment regarding Fidelis was =nteresting and can help us with ideas for IBE.. 
Please advise 
Thank =ou 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Taylor, Judie" dudie.Taylor@gs.com> 
To: "'Richard Kahn-  <richardkahn12@gmail.com> 
Date: =/b>April 16, 2015 at 10:02:21 AM =DT 
Subject: =/b>RE: Goldman =achs 
Ok great, =hanks Rich. 
EFTA_R1_02160954 
EFTA02717255

If ie= helpful at all - had a chat with the trading desk yday some themes =hey are seeing is cherry picking spots in 
non-US securities and then =edging out the fx exposure, and scooping HY energy bonds throughout 1Q. =nbsp;On the 
investment opportunity side we have GPOP II which is =ocused on global growth private equity (first deal was just 
announced =hich is with Pinterest) that will give investors exclusive access to =o-invests, and Fidelis which is a play 
dedicated to the insurance =pace. Two in the pipe are an internet private equity and =econdary real estate fund 
Fingers crossed! Thanks for the =elp. 
Best, 
Judie 
From: Richard Kahn [mailto:richardkahn12@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, April 16, 2015 9:00 AM 
To: Taylor, Judie [IMO] 
Subject: Re: Goldman Sachs 
meeting with principal =ext week and should have feedback 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, =Y 10022 
tel 212-971-1306 
fax =46-350-0954 
cell 917-414-7584 
On Apr 7, 2015, at =:41 PM, Taylor, Judie dudie.Taylor@gs.com <mailto:Judie.Taylor@gs.com» wrote: 
2 
EFTA_R1_021 60955 
EFTA02717256

Rich, 
Hope all is well. 
I know we have had a dialogue for the last six =onths to a year about whether or not you wanted to 
pursue opening an =ccount here, specifically around the services we offer our most =ophisticated clients such as trading 
and opportunistic investments. 
Please advise if this is =omething you'd like to do now or do you want to hold on =urther. 
Best, 
Judie 
Judie Z. Taylor 
Investment Management Division 
&nb=p; 
Goldman, Sachs & Co. 
200 West Street = 39th Floor I New York, NY I 10282 
Office: (212) 902-5522 I Fax: (212) =93-0451 
judie.taylor@gs.com <mailto:judie.taylor@gs.com> 
This e-mail does not constitute an offer =r solicitation with respect to the purchase or sale of any 
security in =ny jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorized =r to any person to whom it would be 
unlawful to make such offer or =olicitation. This e-mail may contain confidential or privileged =nformation. If you are 
not the intended recipient, please advise =s immediately and delete this message. If you are sending =onfidential 
information (e.g. name, tax ID), please ensure you are =sing a secure method of delivery. You may fax confidential 
=nformation to 212.493-0451. For additional information, including =ow to opt-out of future messages, see 
http://www.gs.com/disclaimer/pwm.html. For =rospectuses of recent initial public offerings to which this message =ay 
be related see http://www.gs.com/disclaimer/ipo/. See www.goldman.com/gs/k/accounts/CFTC.Disclosure for 
=mportant disclosures related to CFTC-regulated swap transactions. =f you currently hold CFTC-regulated swaps, you 
3 
EFTA_R1_02160956 
EFTA02717257

may access the =odd•Frank Regulatory Daily Mark through the Client Web. Please =ontact us if you do not have access 
to these links or to the Client =eb. 
= 
4 
EFTA_R1_02160957 
EFTA02717258

