# EFTA02396914

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: model, mc2

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>Ant Barrett|
|To|=/b>Rich Kahn|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>Re: jeanluc =runel appartmentl|

---

**[FULL]:** wrote: please contact Cecile at Ossa Properties to =erify that date is acceptable to move out along with providing your =overs insurance credentials thank you Richard Kahn EFTA_R1_01429659 EFTA02396914 HBRK =ssociates Inc. On Apr =, 2015, at 10:10 AM, Dominique Nameche rote: Hi =ichard, Jean Luc Brunel ask me to emailed you and to let you =now that the movers will be there on April 13th and =he apartment will be empty by the end of the day. Sincerely. Regards, Dominique Nameche MC2 Models Management Tel Anthony Barrett Ossa Pro erties Inc. 2 EFTA_R1_01429660 EFTA02396915

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Tuesday, April 14, 2015 2:43 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: jeanluc brunel appartment 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>Ant Barrett 
Subject: =/b>Re: jeanluc =runel appartmentl 
Date: =/b>April 14, 2015 at 10:42:04 AM =DT 
To: =/b>Rich Kahn 
the apartment is =acant. Do you want the same renovation as the others. It =eeds a new bath and kitchen, elec 
etc. 
I will have Gregory look at =t. 
Anthony 
On Apr 7, 2015, at 10:36 AM, Richard Kahn 
wrote: 
please contact Cecile at Ossa Properties to =erify that date is acceptable to move out along with 
providing your =overs insurance credentials 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
EFTA_R1_01429659 
EFTA02396914

HBRK =ssociates Inc. 
On Apr =, 2015, at 10:10 AM, Dominique Nameche 
rote: 
Hi =ichard, 
Jean Luc Brunel ask me to emailed you and to let you =now that the movers will be there on 
April 13th and =he apartment will be empty by the end of the day. 
Sincerely. 
Regards, 
Dominique Nameche 
MC2 Models Management 
Tel 
Anthony Barrett 
Ossa Pro erties Inc. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01429660 
EFTA02396915

