# EFTA02380034

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, flight, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Andrew Friendly Sent: Wednesday, January 8, 2014 12:28 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Cc: ann rodriquez; Kelly Friendly Subject: Re: Mr. Epstein, Caroline and I had a wonderful time on LS= yesterday and are very grateful to you, Ann, and Carlos for giving us suc= a memorable excursion - and for the use

**[WORD]:** afternoon - fingers crossed - but will c=rtainly be back to this part of the world some other time. It is lovely= Please let us know when your travels bring you to Bosto=/Cambridge so that we might be able to treat you to some local lobster and=clam chowder and thank you in person. Best wishes= Andrew On Mon, Jan 6, 2014 at 8:33 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: ana , can you organize=for andrew friendly to see the island tomororw. He can be reached at: andrew , you also might check flights from st croix if you ar= stuck • ***** *****♦ The in

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Andrew Friendly 
Sent: 
Wednesday, January 8, 2014 12:28 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Cc: 
ann rodriquez; Kelly Friendly 
Subject: 
Re: 
Mr. Epstein, 
Caroline and I had a wonderful time on LS= yesterday and are very grateful to you, Ann, and Carlos for giving us suc= a 
memorable excursion - and for the use of the minivan. We are current=y scheduled on a flight home this afternoon -
fingers crossed - but will c=rtainly be back to this part of the world some other time. It is lovely= 
Please let us know when your travels bring you to Bosto=/Cambridge so that we might be able to treat you to some local 
lobster and=clam chowder and thank you in person. 
Best wishes= 
Andrew 
On Mon, Jan 6, 2014 at 8:33 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
ana , can you organize=for andrew friendly to see the island tomororw. 
He can be reached at: 
andrew , you also might check flights from st croix if you ar= stuck 
• ***** 
*****♦ 
The information contained in this communication is 
conf=dential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
ana . 
EFTA_R1_01393948 
EFTA02380034

