# EFTA02405594

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff [mailto|
|To||
|Sent|Monday, January 30, 2012 06:41 AM<=r>To: Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein brea=fast 8:30|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff < Sent: Monday, January 30, 2012 12:34 PM To: Epstein Jeffrey Cc: Lynn and Jojo; Lynn and Jojo; Subject: Andrew Farkas Please see below Sent from my iP=one Begin forwarded message: Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein breakfast 8:30=br> l=will be there between 8:15 and 8:30. -Original Message From: Lesley Groff [mailto Sent: Monday, January 30, 2012 06:41 AM<=r>To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Jeffrey Epste

**[WORD]:** Lynn and Jojo; Subject: Andrew Farkas Please see below Sent from my iP=one Begin forwarded message: Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein breakfast 8:30=br> l=will be there between 8:15 and 8:30. -Original Message From: Lesley Groff [mailto Sent: Monday, January 30, 2012 06:41 AM<=r>To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Jeffrey Epstein brea=fast 8:30 Good morning Andrew. Jeffrey loo=s forward to seeing you this morning for breakfast at his home at 8:30. Hope you had a nice weekend. <=span> Lesley Sent from my iPhone<=span> This message, and any attachments hereto, i= confidential and intended ex

**[WORD]:** from my iP=one Begin forwarded message: Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein breakfast 8:30=br> l=will be there between 8:15 and 8:30. -Original Message From: Lesley Groff [mailto Sent: Monday, January 30, 2012 06:41 AM<=r>To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Jeffrey Epstein brea=fast 8:30 Good morning Andrew. Jeffrey loo=s forward to seeing you this morning for breakfast at his home at 8:30. Hope you had a nice weekend. <=span> Lesley Sent from my iPhone<=span> This message, and any attachments hereto, i= confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or ent=ty to whom it is

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lesley Groff < 
Sent: 
Monday, January 30, 2012 12:34 PM 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey 
Cc: 
Lynn and Jojo; Lynn and Jojo; 
Subject: 
Andrew Farkas 
Please see below 
Sent from my iP=one 
Begin forwarded message: 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein breakfast 8:30=br> 
l=will be there between 8:15 and 8:30. 
 
-Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff [mailto 
Sent: Monday, January 30, 2012 06:41 AM<=r>To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein brea=fast 8:30 
Good morning Andrew. Jeffrey loo=s forward to seeing you this morning for breakfast at his home at 8:30. 
Hope you had a nice weekend. 
<=span> 
Lesley 
Sent from my iPhone<=span> 
This message, and any attachments hereto, i= confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual 
or ent=ty to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that=is confidential, proprietary, 
privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/=r non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from 
disclosur= (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended r=cipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, cop=ing, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
con=ained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If yo= have received this message in error, please 
contact the sender immediately=and destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their=entirety, 
whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in t=is e-mail shall be considered a legally binding 
agreement, amendment or mod=fication of any agreement with Island Capital Group or any of its affiliate=, each of 
which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Islan= Capital Group or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01446455 
EFTA02405594

