# EFTA02430129

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com>|
|To|David Steml|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** ichelin House 81 Fulham Road London SW3 6RD UK Tel: Fax From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> Date: Thu, 11 Feb 2010 07:52:52 -0500 To: David Steml Subject: contact michel adam.. tell him you represent , an english client wanting to buy fashion tv. you were told to contact him by jean luc brunel. *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unautho

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinheevacation©gmail.comj 
From: 
david.ste 
Sent 
Thur 
Subject: Re: 
No response from michel adam yet (now: 7pm UK / 8pm Paris time) 
This message is confidential. It may also be privileged or otherwise 
protected by work product immunity or other legal rules. 
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then 
delete it from your system; 
you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone. 
Opinions, conclusions and other information in this message that do not 
relate to the official business of Asia Gateway Ltd. 
shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it. 
Asia Gateway Ltd. 
Michelin House 
81 Fulham Road 
London SW3 6RD 
UK 
Tel: 
Fax 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 11 Feb 2010 07:52:52 -0500 
To: David Steml 
Subject: 
contact michel adam.. tell him you represent , an english client wanting to buy 
fashion tv. you were told to contact him by jean luc brunel. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationfagmail.com, and 
EFTA_R1_0 1499983 
EFTA02430129

destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1499984 
EFTA02430130

