# EFTA00016164 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, July 2, 202010:43 AM
- **Subject:** Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> t: Thursday, July 2, 2020 11:48 AM To: > Subject: FW: Maxwell Wow, congratulations! Amazing work in an outrageous case. Thank you for making all of us proud. From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 202010:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already is making it seem like these charges were inevitable, that they were anything but, and

### Match 2
> t: Thursday, July 2, 2020 11:48 AM To: > Subject: FW: Maxwell Wow, congratulations! Amazing work in an outrageous case. Thank you for making all of us proud. From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 202010:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already is making it seem like these charges were inevitable, that they were anything b

### Match 3
> From: To: Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 18:30:10 +0000 Thanks so much!! From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 11:48 AM To: > Subject: FW: Maxwell Wow, congratulations! Amazing work in an outrageous case. Thank you for making all of us proud. From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 202010:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell P

### Match 4
> From: To: Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 18:30:10 +0000 Thanks so much!! From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 11:48 AM To: > Subject: FW: Maxwell Wow, congratulations! Amazing work in an outrageous case. Thank you for making all of us proud. From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 202010:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tu

### Match 5
> E: Maxwell Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 18:30:10 +0000 Thanks so much!! From: Sent: Thursday, July 2, 2020 11:48 AM To: > Subject: FW: Maxwell Wow, congratulations! Amazing work in an outrageous case. Thank you for making all of us proud. From Sent: Thursday, July 2, 202010:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already
