# EFTA02646486

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Richard Kahn|
|To|"jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com»|
|Sent||
|Subject|=Re: gift cards|

---

**[FULL]:** s Pleas= advise store or amex for gift cards Thank you EFTA_R1_01883350 EFTA02646486 Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York NY 10022 tel fax cell On Jun 30, 2016, at 10:25 AM, jeffr=y E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: rich , get 1 14k gift card from bergdorf and have i= delivered to eva dubin with a happy brithdy =br> =C2 please note The information containe= in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the u=e of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disc=osure or cop

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, June 28, 2017 11:45 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: gift cards 
yes 
On Wed, Jun 28, 2017 at 7:32 PM, Richard Kahn 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Richard Kahn 
Subject:=Re: gift cards 
Date: June 30, 2016 at 12:23:52=PM EDT 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com» 
<=iv> 
Just picked up cards. Will now send them via mes=enger to 
Sent from my iPhone 
O= Jun 30, 2016, at 10:49 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: 
Bergdorf 
On Thursday,=30 June 2016, Richard Kahn 
> wrote: 
gift cards direct =rom bergdorf come in 1,000 max amounts (14 x 1000) - can pick up today 
gift cards from american express come in 500 max=amounts (28 x 500) - will take 2-3 biz days 
Pleas= advise store or amex for gift cards 
Thank you 
EFTA_R1_01883350 
EFTA02646486

Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
On Jun 30, 2016, at 10:25 AM, jeffr=y E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
rich , get 1 14k gift card from bergdorf and have i= delivered to eva dubin with a happy 
brithdy 
=br> 
=C2 
please note 
The information containe= in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the u=e of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disc=osure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly =rohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communicati=n in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail =o jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all =opies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserve= 
=div dir="Itr"> 
please note 
=div>The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, ma= be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and =s intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
=EE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or =ny part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have=received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately byreturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communicatio= and all copies thereof, 
2 
EFTA_R1_01883351 
EFTA02646487

including all attachments. copyright -all righ=s reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
c=nstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or co=ying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.comc/=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a114f45baa81c7805530dc5b8-- conversation-id 76219 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1498693499 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 725161 
3 
EFTA_R1_01883352 
EFTA02646488

