# EFTA02662281

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: joi ito

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** en is totally off the record , of course unl=ss you get his express permission. he is the smart=st of the smart On Sat, May =9, 2018 at 8:59 PM Michael Wolff <mailt > > wrote: Absolutely wrote: On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 2:53 PM, jeffre= E. <j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> bill gates. nathan mhyvold. ? 2018 at 6:19 PM Michael Wol=f <mailto wrote: =div> All v good. More women. An Arab. Bannon. Brad Karp.=C240 On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 11:=5 AM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: woody alien. noam chomsky, 4>=A0 ehudl barak james watson.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Michael Wol 
Sent: 
Saturday, MaffyiWil 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
Totally. 
<=iv>On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 3:00 PM Jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevac=tion®gmail.com» wrote: 
ken is totally off the record , of course unl=ss you get his express permission. 
he is the smart=st of the smart 
On Sat, May =9, 2018 at 8:59 PM Michael Wolff 
<mailt
> 
> wrote: 
Absolutely 
wrote: 
On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 2:53 PM, jeffre= E. <j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
bill gates. nathan mhyvold. ? 
2018 at 6:19 PM Michael Wol=f 
<mailto 
wrote: 
=div> 
All v good. More women. An Arab. Bannon. Brad Karp.=C240 
On Sat, May 19, 2018 at 11:=5 AM jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
woody alien. noam chomsky, 4>=A0 ehudl barak james watson. ariane 
rothschild. li=da stone? masha drokova ( women Ruemm;ler ). ? . leon black. torn pritzker larry summers. joi ito. terje . 
sultan , thorbj=rn . jagland. 
gromov, deepak,Q=A0 jacques lang.martin novak mark tramo, 
=C24> please note 
EFTA_R1_01911033 
EFTA02662281

The information contained in this communic=tion is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constit=te inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addresse=. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying =f this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and =ay be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, andcr>destroy this 
communication and all copies thereof, 
including all atta=hments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please=note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confide=tial, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside informat=on, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the proper=y of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communic=tion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If=you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immedia=ely by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmai..com> , and 
destroy this com=unication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright =all rights reserved 
4>=A0 
please note 
The information conta=ned in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privi=eged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
th= use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, d=sclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strict=y prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communic=tion in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-ma=l to jeevacatio=@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
2 
EFTA_R1_01911034 
EFTA02662282

destroy this communication and all copies thereof,ar>including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01911035 
EFTA02662283

