# EFTA02352381

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"jeffrey E."|
|To|lean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Sunday, December 14, 2014 3:51 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: Yes where are you? Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:13/12/2014 07:50 (GMT-05:00) To: lean Luc Brunel Subject: speak today? please note The information contained in this commu

**[WORD]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Sunday, December 14, 2014 3:51 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: Yes where are you? Sent from Samsung Mobile Original message From: "jeffrey E." Date:13/12/2014 07:50 (GMT-05:00) To: lean Luc Brunel Subject: speak today? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: 
Sunday, December 14, 2014 3:51 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
Yes where are you? 
Sent from Samsung Mobile 
 
Original message 
From: "jeffrey E." 
Date:13/12/2014 07:50 (GMT-05:00) 
To: lean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
speak today? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01331476 
EFTA02352381

