# EFTA02578308

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, December 10, 2013 12:42 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel; Daphne Wallace Subject: Re: <no subject> daphne pleae wire and thanks On Tue, Dec 10, 2013 at 3:41 A=, Jean Luc Brunel > wrote: Good morning, Copy of the order. It should be sent in a few days and be in St Thomas within a month What is the exact address that should be written on the ship

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, December 10, 2013 12:42 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel; Daphne Wallace Subject: Re: <no subject> daphne pleae wire and thanks On Tue, Dec 10, 2013 at 3:41 A=, Jean Luc Brunel > wrote: Good morning, Copy of the order. It should be sent in a few days and be in St Thomas within a month What is the exact address that should be written on the shipment? The total amount is USD 29440,00 Shipment and packing included to St Thomas Payment SUNTRUST BANK ABA ACCOUNTI S

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, December 10, 2013 12:42 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel; Daphne Wallace 
Subject: 
Re: <no subject> 
daphne pleae wire and thanks 
On Tue, Dec 10, 2013 at 3:41 A=, Jean Luc Brunel 
> 
wrote: 
Good morning, 
Copy of the order. 
It should be sent in a few days and be in St Thomas within a month 
What is the exact address that should be written on the shipment? 
The total amount is USD 29440,00 
Shipment and packing included to St Thomas 
Payment 
SUNTRUST BANK 
ABA 
ACCOUNTI
SWIFT CODE 
Email in Bali for contact to follow up 
EFTA_R1_01751913 
EFTA02578308

As I have paid with Amex, it should be a warranty if anything break= 
But packing is done in wooden crates and put in the container 
 
=ion ******** ••••• ******* • ******* ***** 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01751914 
EFTA02578309

