# EFTA00010360 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 10

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** "NHD-SUPERVISORS
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Ghislaine Maxwell custody

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 19:46:44 +0000 FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS SMS " <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORS usms.do.. ov> Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put

### Match 2
> From: To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 19:46:44 +0000 FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS SMS " <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORS usms.do.. ov> Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closet monitored. The followin directives

### Match 3
> From: To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 19:46:44 +0000 FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS SMS " <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORS usms.do.. ov> Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we h

### Match 4
> From: To: Subject: Fwd: Ghislaine Maxwell custody Date: Thu, 02 Jul 2020 19:46:44 +0000 FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS SMS " <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORS usms.do.. ov> Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closet monitored. The followin di

### Match 5
> , 02 Jul 2020 19:46:44 +0000 FYI Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: July 2, 2020 at 3:43:43 PM EDT To: "NHD-SUPERVISORS SMS " <USMS-NHD-SUPERVISORS usms.do.. ov> Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closet monitored. The followin directives a I and shall not be deviated from without express permission fro myself or I. Inm

### Match 6
> UPERVISORS usms.do.. ov> Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell custody To all: Below are the restrictions we have put in place regarding Ms. Maxwell during her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closet monitored. The followin directives a I and shall not be deviated from without express permission fro myself or I. Inmate Maxwell will be housed in MI 2. SRT personnel will be posted in medical and will only be relieved only by SRT personnel 3. Staff will not converse with th

### Match 7
> ing her stay at Merrimack DOC. I. If you have any questions please feel free to call or email me. Due to the high profile status of this case Inmate Maxwell will be closet monitored. The followin directives a I and shall not be deviated from without express permission fro myself or I. Inmate Maxwell will be housed in MI 2. SRT personnel will be posted in medical and will only be relieved only by SRT personnel 3. Staff will not converse with the inmate outside of the standard communication required related to the inmate's health and safety 4. Inmate Maxwell will remain on a 15 minute obs

### Match 8
> ion fro myself or I. Inmate Maxwell will be housed in MI 2. SRT personnel will be posted in medical and will only be relieved only by SRT personnel 3. Staff will not converse with the inmate outside of the standard communication required related to the inmate's health and safety 4. Inmate Maxwell will remain on a 15 minute observation watch 5. All rounds, and touch probe rounds will be conducted and documented in )(Jail 6. Third Shift Supervisors will download the touch probe rounds and camera footage from the previous day at 0000 hours each day. The video from the medical cell DVR wil

### Match 9
> s and camera footage from the previous day at 0000 hours each day. The video from the medical cell DVR will be downloaded onto a USB drive and will be tracked via the desi ated tracking form provided. Supervisors are directed to deliver this documentation and video to Monday July 6th 7. Inmate Maxwell will be authorized to communicate with her legal counsel, Lawrence Vogelman. This contact is only authorized after Atty Vogelman provides the appropriate PIN 8. Any and all requests from Inmate Maxwell are to be directed to only EFTA00010360 At no time are staff authorized to make statements

### Match 10
> pervisors are directed to deliver this documentation and video to Monday July 6th 7. Inmate Maxwell will be authorized to communicate with her legal counsel, Lawrence Vogelman. This contact is only authorized after Atty Vogelman provides the appropriate PIN 8. Any and all requests from Inmate Maxwell are to be directed to only EFTA00010360 At no time are staff authorized to make statements to the press regarding this matter or our SOP regarding this inmate. Supervisory Deputy United States Marshal District of New Hampshire Concord, New Hampshire office This e-mail is property of U.S. M
