# EFTA00031701 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 2

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, August 9, 2019 11:43 AM
- **Subject:** RE: Epstein-related does released by Second Circuit

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> te: Fri, 09 Aug 2019 15:59:01 +0000 Perfect, thanks. I've already been asked and said that we're not a party to this litigation and cannot comment. From: Sent: Friday, August 9, 2019 11:43 AM Just FYI for everybody, today the Second Circuit has unsealed (and posted) a ton of documents from the Ghislaine Maxwell libel lawsuit, so there likely will be a ton of reporting on that. Any reference to those newly-unsealed documents are separate from—and do not include—any filings we've made, and are independent of our case. (We have been aware of the litigation and generally aware of the filings, though it also

### Match 2
> te: Fri, 09 Aug 2019 15:59:01 +0000 Perfect, thanks. I've already been asked and said that we're not a party to this litigation and cannot comment. From: Sent: Friday, August 9, 2019 11:43 AM Just FYI for everybody, today the Second Circuit has unsealed (and posted) a ton of documents from the Ghislaine Maxwell libel lawsuit, so there likely will be a ton of reporting on that. Any reference to those newly-unsealed documents are separate from—and do not include—any filings we've made, and are independent of our case. (We have been aware of the litigation and generally aware of the filings, though
