# EFTA00023688 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 14

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:39 AM
- **Subject:** RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' To:' Cc:I Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Date: Fri, 25 Sep 2020 14:46:59 +0000 How are we handling producing to Maxwell vs. Counsel? With these files there are tons of text and excel files that need to be converted in order to be sent to MDC. Are we also producing the converted versions to defense or rather the original natives

### Match 2
> From: ' To:' Cc:I Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Date: Fri, 25 Sep 2020 14:46:59 +0000 How are we handling producing to Maxwell vs. Counsel? With these files there are tons of text and excel files that need to be converted in order to be sent to MDC. Are we also producing the converted versions to defense or rather the original natives? From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 2:34 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Epstein/Max

### Match 3
> ell vs. Counsel? With these files there are tons of text and excel files that need to be converted in order to be sent to MDC. Are we also producing the converted versions to defense or rather the original natives? From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 2:34 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The zip files have been copied to the below location. Please let me know if there are any issues with the data in the zip files. Thank you. From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:42 AM To: Cc: >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload That's what I figured. Thanks! Now that they

### Match 4
> mber 24, 2020 2:34 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The zip files have been copied to the below location. Please let me know if there are any issues with the data in the zip files. Thank you. From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:42 AM To: Cc: >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload That's what I figured. Thanks! Now that they are all good to go would you please export both Deutsche Bank and JPMorgan productions to the shared here: \Wsa.doj.gov\cloud \ NYS \StAndrews\Shared USvEpstein- 2018R01618Wiscovery\GM \04 Fourth Production \TO BE PRODUCED From: Sent: Thursday

### Match 5
> please export both Deutsche Bank and JPMorgan productions to the shared here: \Wsa.doj.gov\cloud \ NYS \StAndrews\Shared USvEpstein- 2018R01618Wiscovery\GM \04 Fourth Production \TO BE PRODUCED From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:39 AM To: Cc: C • MIN > 1 < >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload No way to put a confidential stamp on a excel file. There should be an image placeholder that says document produced in native format which has the confidential stamp. From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:36 AM To: Cc: sca Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Thanks = These l

### Match 6
> >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload No way to put a confidential stamp on a excel file. There should be an image placeholder that says document produced in native format which has the confidential stamp. From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:36 AM To: Cc: sca Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Thanks = These look great. One quick question, on documents in native format (excel files) is there a confidential stamp? I've checked and it seems the answer is no but I just want to be sure that I'm not missing anything. ) < From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:20 AM To: >;

### Match 7
> question, on documents in native format (excel files) is there a confidential stamp? I've checked and it seems the answer is no but I just want to be sure that I'm not missing anything. ) < From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:20 AM To: >; EFTA00023688 Cc: < > Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The documents should now be available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. Thank you. From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 9:11 AM To: Cc: 1 < >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload These documents are not supposed to be privileged reviewed. The only docum

### Match 8
> September 24, 2020 11:20 AM To: >; EFTA00023688 Cc: < > Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The documents should now be available for review. Please let me know if there are any questions. Thank you. From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 9:11 AM To: Cc: 1 < >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload These documents are not supposed to be privileged reviewed. The only documents that need to be privilege reviewed are the electronic search warrant returns. Thanks, From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 9:05 AM To: Cc: >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The data is probably

### Match 9
> 1 < >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload These documents are not supposed to be privileged reviewed. The only documents that need to be privilege reviewed are the electronic search warrant returns. Thanks, From: Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 9:05 AM To: Cc: >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The data is probably secured for privilege review. Please let me know if these documents are not supposed to be privileged reviewed. Thank you. From: Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 5:39 PM To: 1< )* Cc: >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hey When I click on each of those

### Match 10
> :05 AM To: Cc: >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The data is probably secured for privilege review. Please let me know if these documents are not supposed to be privileged reviewed. Thank you. From: Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 5:39 PM To: 1< )* Cc: >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Hey When I click on each of those links I'm brought to a Relativity page with no data. Am I doing something wrong? Thanks, • From: Sent: Wednesday, September 23, 2020 11:32 AM To: Cc: >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload The production of the documents has been completed. The be
