# EFTA00011418 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 35

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> COHEN & GRESSER LLP October 13, 2020 BY EMAIL United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear 800 Third Pianos New York, NY 10022 ♦1 212 957 7600 phono www colsmipossoo corn We write on behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, to set forth requests for discovery and Brady material. Based on our review of the government's productions of August 5, 2019, August 1

### Match 2
> BY EMAIL United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear 800 Third Pianos New York, NY 10022 ♦1 212 957 7600 phono www colsmipossoo corn We write on behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, to set forth requests for discovery and Brady material. Based on our review of the government's productions of August 5, 2019, August 13, 2019, and August 21, 2020, we make the following requests for discovery, inspection, and copying, in accordance with the guarantees of the Fourth, Fifth, and

### Match 3
> r. Epstein and/or Ms. Maxwell. 14. We request all written and oral communications and other documents concerning any meetings between the Attorneys and prosecutors and staff from the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York ("SDNY") concerning Jeffrey Epstein and/or Ghislaine Maxwell. a. This request includes all communications and documents related to any meetings that took place in or about 2016 in which certain of the Attorneys met with SDNY prosecutors to ask SDNY to initiate a criminal investigation into Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell. See New York Daily News, "Manhattan

### Match 4
> related to any meetings that took place in or about 2016 in which certain of the Attorneys met with SDNY prosecutors to ask SDNY to initiate a criminal investigation into Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell. See New York Daily News, "Manhattan Federal Prosecutors Declined to Pursue Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell Case in 2016: Sources" (Oct. 13, 2020), https://www.rntdailynews.com/new-vork/ny- jeffrey-epstein-maxwell-case-20201013-jmzh17zdrzdgrbbs7ycobfnszu- storv.html ; see also Relentless Pursuit: My Fight for the Victims of Jeffrey Epstein, at 281. b. This request also includes all communications and

### Match 5
> COHEN & GRESSER LLP October 13, 2020 BY EMAIL United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear 800 Third Pianos New York, NY 10022 ♦1 212 957 7600 phono www colsmipossoo corn We write on behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, to set forth requests for discovery and Brady material. Based on our review of the government's productions of August 5, 2019, A

### Match 6
> BY EMAIL United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear 800 Third Pianos New York, NY 10022 ♦1 212 957 7600 phono www colsmipossoo corn We write on behalf of our client, Ghislaine Maxwell, to set forth requests for discovery and Brady material. Based on our review of the government's productions of August 5, 2019, August 13, 2019, and August 21, 2020, we make the following requests for discovery, inspection, and copying, in accordance with the guarantees of the Fourth, Fi

### Match 7
> r. Epstein and/or Ms. Maxwell. 14. We request all written and oral communications and other documents concerning any meetings between the Attorneys and prosecutors and staff from the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York ("SDNY") concerning Jeffrey Epstein and/or Ghislaine Maxwell. a. This request includes all communications and documents related to any meetings that took place in or about 2016 in which certain of the Attorneys met with SDNY prosecutors to ask SDNY to initiate a criminal investigation into Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell. See New York Daily News, "Ma

### Match 8
> related to any meetings that took place in or about 2016 in which certain of the Attorneys met with SDNY prosecutors to ask SDNY to initiate a criminal investigation into Mr. Epstein and Ms. Maxwell. See New York Daily News, "Manhattan Federal Prosecutors Declined to Pursue Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell Case in 2016: Sources" (Oct. 13, 2020), https://www.rntdailynews.com/new-vork/ny- jeffrey-epstein-maxwell-case-20201013-jmzh17zdrzdgrbbs7ycobfnszu- storv.html ; see also Relentless Pursuit: My Fight for the Victims of Jeffrey Epstein, at 281. b. This request also includes all communicat

### Match 9
> , and such other laws and rules as may be applicable. We are still reviewing these productions, as well as the government's most recent production of October 2, 2020, and reserve the right to supplement these requests as necessary. 1. We request any oral, written, or recorded statements made by Ms. Maxwell, aside from the statements made in prior civil case proceedings that you produced on August 13, 2020 and the statements made at the time of arrest, which you produced on August 21, 2020. Fed. R. Crim. P. 16(a)(1)(A), (B). 2. We request that the government disclose and identify any statements of

### Match 10
> e statements made at the time of arrest, which you produced on August 21, 2020. Fed. R. Crim. P. 16(a)(1)(A), (B). 2. We request that the government disclose and identify any statements of alleged co- conspirators that it intends to introduce at trial. 3. We request any prior criminal records of Ms. Maxwell. Fed R. Crim. P. 16(a)(1)(D). 4. We request any books, papers, documents, data, photographs, tangible objects, buildings or places, or copies or portions of any of these items. Fed R. Crim. P. 16(a)( I )(E). EFTA00011418 October 13, 2020 Page 2 a. Based on our review of the discovery, it doe
