# EFTA02561337

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, foundation, melinda

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Melind= French|
|To|Bill Gates Sr.|
|Sent|Sunday, September 30, 2012 8:47 AM|
|Subject|FW: Photos from Tanzania|

---

**[FULL]:** tos from Tanzania Importance: Low Go ahead and forward this to Jeffrey. <=p> He and I talked quite a b=t last night including explaining that Melinda had just been in Africa wit= Kofi. <=p> She really liked Kofi a l=t. <=p> From: Melind= French Sent: Sunday, September 30, 2012 8:47 AM To: Bill Gates Sr. Cc: Bill Gates; Subject: FW: Photos from Tanzania Importance: Low 1 EFTA_R1_01722777 EFTA02561337 A few photos from my week=in Tanzania. I was there b/c of the Agriculture work the foundation does.<=:p> Traveling with Kofi Annan=was neat. He is just so truly humble. The older man sittin

**[FULL]:** mportance: Low Go ahead and forward this to Jeffrey. <=p> He and I talked quite a b=t last night including explaining that Melinda had just been in Africa wit= Kofi. <=p> She really liked Kofi a l=t. <=p> From: Melind= French Sent: Sunday, September 30, 2012 8:47 AM To: Bill Gates Sr. Cc: Bill Gates; Subject: FW: Photos from Tanzania Importance: Low 1 EFTA_R1_01722777 EFTA02561337 A few photos from my week=in Tanzania. I was there b/c of the Agriculture work the foundation does.<=:p> Traveling with Kofi Annan=was neat. He is just so truly humble. The older man sitting under the tree=sai

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Sunday, September 30, 2012 5:11 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein (jeeyacation@qmail.com) 
Subject: 
FW: Photos from Tanzania 
Importance: 
Low 
For you=/p> 
<=p> 
B 
<=p> 
From: Bill Gat=s 
Sent: Sunday, September 30, 2012 9:57 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic (bgC3) 
Subject: FW: Photos from Tanzania 
Importance: Low 
Go ahead and forward this to Jeffrey. 
<=p> 
He and I talked quite a b=t last night including explaining that Melinda had just been in Africa wit= Kofi. 
<=p> 
She really liked Kofi a l=t. 
<=p> 
From: Melind= French 
Sent: Sunday, September 30, 2012 8:47 AM 
To: Bill Gates Sr. 
Cc: Bill Gates; 
Subject: FW: Photos from Tanzania 
Importance: Low 
1 
EFTA_R1_01722777 
EFTA02561337

A few photos from my week=in Tanzania. I was there b/c of the Agriculture work the foundation does.<=:p> 
Traveling with Kofi Annan=was neat. He is just so truly humble. The older man sitting under the tree=said to him... "I 
know who you are!" he then said "Y=u are an old man like me!" Kofi loved it. 
<=p> 
The farmers are Joyce and=Elijah. They were raising their own 3 kids and 4 kids of his brother'=s b/c the brother died of 
AIDS. B/c of improved seeds, they are growing enough food to sell some of it on the market, despite the drought =nd are 
putting the kids all through school. Elijah and I are pulling up ca=sava (a staple crop in Africa) from the ground. He is 
actually doing all t=e work 
<=p> 
<=p> 
Melinda=/p> 
=nbsp; 
=nbsp; 
=nbsp; 
2 
EFTA_R1_01722778 
EFTA02561338

