# EFTA02504184

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: TITLE | XRefs: epstein, island, virgin, president

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[TITLE]:** r Subject: Re: do we reference the uva allegation and publishing etc? =/div> On Tue, Apr=21, 2015 at 7:41 PM, Kathy Ruemmler < >= wrote: Her fant=stical claims are -- on their face -- not credible. As one small exa=ple, she swore under oath before a federal court that she sat next to form=r President Clinton at a dinner party on Mr. Epstein's island in the U=S. Virgin Islands. Mr. Clinton has never been to Mr. Epstein's i=land. please =ote The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only 

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, April 22, 2015 12:35 AM 
To: 
Kathy Ruemmler 
Subject: 
Re: 
do we reference the uva allegation and publishing etc? 
=/div> 
On Tue, Apr=21, 2015 at 7:41 PM, Kathy Ruemmler < 
>= wrote: 
Her fant=stical claims are -- on their face -- not credible. As one small exa=ple, she swore under oath before a 
federal court that she sat next to form=r President Clinton at a dinner party on Mr. Epstein's island in the U=S. Virgin 
Islands. Mr. Clinton has never been to Mr. Epstein's i=land. 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
--e89a8f923d4cd0cd3e0514455567-- conversation-id 118356 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1429662908 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 500311 
1 
EFTA_R1_01633408 
EFTA02504184

