# EFTA02571801

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Bill Gates; Larry Cohen <mailto|
|Sent|7/16/2=13 5:39 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, July 16, 2013 1:22 PM To: Larry Cohen Cc: Bill Gates; Boris Nikolic Subject: Re: Emails , texts . leave us open to just this type of =ialogue. not fruitful and distracting from the shared goal. On Tue, Jul=16, 2013 at 8:45 AM, Larry Cohen < That last line=is taken out of context. Not okay... From: Jeffrey Epstein Sent: 7/16/2=13 5:39 AM To: B

**[FULL]:** s; Boris Nikolic Subject: Re: Emails , texts . leave us open to just this type of =ialogue. not fruitful and distracting from the shared goal. On Tue, Jul=16, 2013 at 8:45 AM, Larry Cohen < That last line=is taken out of context. Not okay... From: Jeffrey Epstein Sent: 7/16/2=13 5:39 AM To: Bill Gates; Larry Cohen <mailto target="_blank"> Boris Nikolic Subject: <mailto > =rote: > ; =a href="mailto I had a 45 minute conversation with Larry beginning at 3 P= pst. Many questions were raised and Larry kindly said he would g=t back to me. I told him that this reminded me of the story where the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, July 16, 2013 1:22 PM 
To: 
Larry Cohen 
Cc: 
Bill Gates; Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
Re: 
Emails , texts . leave us open to just this type of =ialogue. not fruitful and distracting from the shared goal. 
On Tue, Jul=16, 2013 at 8:45 AM, Larry Cohen < 
That last line=is taken out of context. Not okay... 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: 7/16/2=13 5:39 AM 
To: Bill Gates; Larry Cohen <mailto 
target="_blank"> Boris Nikolic 
Subject: 
<mailto 
> =rote: 
> ; =a href="mailto 
I had a 45 minute conversation with Larry beginning at 3 P= pst. Many questions were raised and Larry kindly 
said he would g=t back to me. I told him that this reminded me of the story where the w=man walked in to find her 
husband in bed with her best friend, upset she ran quickly over to the side table, =rabbed a gun from the top drawer , 
pointed at her own head, and said=, after i shoot myself, i will shoot both of you. Larry didn't find=it that funny. I 
cautioned against memoriliazing preliminary ideas in writing as a written record is usually extremely coun=er productive. 
Larry said we might be able to seperate the timing of =initial email from the ultimate mechanics. A good idea for many 
reasons= The idea of a new investment fund, Larry understood , and immediatley grasped the difficulty if Bill were =ot 
to be involved. I confirmed that I will come on Aug 8, Larry =uggested skype before. ? We talked about level of help 
Bill was willing=or able to agree on, and I asked if he could better define the future restrictionsfor me. Loyalty and 
friendship =ere are both paramount and obvious, though- Larry in response to a dir=ct question,and much to my 
surprise and considerable dismay, stated tha= "Yes, Boris had done something improper. ". 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
EFTA_R1_01740949 
EFTA02571801

communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01740950 
EFTA02571802

