# EFTA00019028 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 9

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursda March 18, 2021 10:20 PM
- **Subject:** FW: Judge Rules on Redactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: " To: 'a" aMIE> Subject: RE: Judge Rules on Redactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case Date: Fri, 19 Mar 2021 02:22:47 +0000 Haha, so ridiculous! I'm assuming AJN didn't realize that those portions are in our indictment. But if she wants them redacted, that's fine. Ori inal Messa e From: alMIN> Sent: Thursda March 18, 2021 10:21 PM To: aNIMI.> Subject: RE: Judge Rule

### Match 2
> 02:22:47 +0000 Haha, so ridiculous! I'm assuming AJN didn't realize that those portions are in our indictment. But if she wants them redacted, that's fine. Ori inal Messa e From: alMIN> Sent: Thursda March 18, 2021 10:21 PM To: aNIMI.> Subject: RE: Judge Rules on Redactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case Thanks! Saw on the Google alert. (The "sensational and impure" details are the sentences in our indictment...) Original Messa e From: aNIMIN> Sent: Thursda March 18, 2021 10:20 PM To: alMIN> Subject: FW: Judge Rules on Redactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case FYI Original

### Match 3
> edactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case Thanks! Saw on the Google alert. (The "sensational and impure" details are the sentences in our indictment...) Original Messa e From: aNIMIN> Sent: Thursda March 18, 2021 10:20 PM To: alMIN> Subject: FW: Judge Rules on Redactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case FYI Original Messa e From: (USANYS) alMIN> Sent: Thursday,March 18, 2021 9:42 PM To: SANYS) Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: Judge Rules on Redactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case https://lawandcrime.cornthigh-profile/judge-rules-some-ghislaine-maxwell-details-are-too-sen

### Match 4
> Thursda March 18, 2021 10:20 PM To: alMIN> Subject: FW: Judge Rules on Redactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case FYI Original Messa e From: (USANYS) alMIN> Sent: Thursday,March 18, 2021 9:42 PM To: SANYS) Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: Judge Rules on Redactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case https://lawandcrime.cornthigh-profile/judge-rules-some-ghislaine-maxwell-details-are-too-sensational-and- impure-to-be-revealed-to-the-public/ Sent from my iPhone EFTA00019028

### Match 5
> From: " To: 'a" aMIE> Subject: RE: Judge Rules on Redactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case Date: Fri, 19 Mar 2021 02:22:47 +0000 Haha, so ridiculous! I'm assuming AJN didn't realize that those portions are in our indictment. But if she wants them redacted, that's fine. Ori inal Messa e From: alMIN> Sent: Thursda March 18, 2021 10:21 PM To: aNIMI.> Subject: RE: Ju

### Match 6
> 02:22:47 +0000 Haha, so ridiculous! I'm assuming AJN didn't realize that those portions are in our indictment. But if she wants them redacted, that's fine. Ori inal Messa e From: alMIN> Sent: Thursda March 18, 2021 10:21 PM To: aNIMI.> Subject: RE: Judge Rules on Redactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case Thanks! Saw on the Google alert. (The "sensational and impure" details are the sentences in our indictment...) Original Messa e From: aNIMIN> Sent: Thursda March 18, 2021 10:20 PM To: alMIN> Subject: FW: Judge Rules on Redactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case FYI O

### Match 7
> edactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case Thanks! Saw on the Google alert. (The "sensational and impure" details are the sentences in our indictment...) Original Messa e From: aNIMIN> Sent: Thursda March 18, 2021 10:20 PM To: alMIN> Subject: FW: Judge Rules on Redactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case FYI Original Messa e From: (USANYS) alMIN> Sent: Thursday,March 18, 2021 9:42 PM To: SANYS) Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: Judge Rules on Redactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case https://lawandcrime.cornthigh-profile/judge-rules-some-ghislaine-maxwell-details-are

### Match 8
> ctions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case FYI Original Messa e From: (USANYS) alMIN> Sent: Thursday,March 18, 2021 9:42 PM To: SANYS) Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] Subject: Judge Rules on Redactions to Filing in Ghislaine Maxwell Case https://lawandcrime.cornthigh-profile/judge-rules-some-ghislaine-maxwell-details-are-too-sensational-and- impure-to-be-revealed-to-the-public/ Sent from my iPhone EFTA00019028
