# EFTA00032225 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Colleen Mullen
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monde Au ust 10, 2020 19:17
- **Subject:** RE: Follow-up

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> y at 12:30PM PST. Best, Teri On Mon Jan 6,2020 at 1:07 P wrote: Yes, we can do Wednesday at 12:30 p.m. PST (3:30 p.m. EST). Please let us know the best number to reach you at, and we'll call you then. From: Teri Gibbs < Sent: Monday. January 06, 2020 12:15 To: Cc: Subject: Re: Witness re Prince Andrew Colleen EFTA00032227 We have a last-minute mediation that is now scheduled for Tuesday. Are you available on Wednesday between 10-11AM PST and 12-2PM PST or Thursday at any time between 9 AM- 5PM PST? Thank you in advance for your flexibility. Best, Teri On Fri Jan 3 2020 at 6:04 PM wrote:

### Match 2
> hanks for getting back to us. We could do a call on Tuesday the 7th at 11:00 a.m. PST (2:00 p.m. EST). Please let us know the best number to reach you at, and we'll give you a call then. thanks, From: Teri Gibbs Sent: Thursday, January 02, 2020 19:26 To: Cc: IMEMIE=It a ) Su, Re: Witness re Prince Andrew Hi Thank you for your response. I apologize for the delay. I hope you had a wonderful holiday. Attorney Lisa Bloom and I are available at the following times for a phone or video conference: • Tuesday (117) between 10AM-1PM PST • Wednesday (1/8) between 10-11AM PST and 12-2PM PST Please let

### Match 3
> icient with any necessary follow-up interview of the individual him- or herself. Please let us know when a good time would be for an attorney proffer? And we can figure out scheduling. thanks very much, From: Teri Gibbs Sent: Thursday, December 19, 2019 20:0 I To: Cc: >; Subject: Witness re Prince Andrew Hi We have a client who witnessed Prince Andrew's interactions with would like to set up a phone or video interview with the appropriate party to allow our client to make a statement. Please let me know how to proceed. EFTA00032228 Best regards, Teri Gibbs No ice To Recipian: This email is

### Match 4
> he individual him- or herself. Please let us know when a good time would be for an attorney proffer? And we can figure out scheduling. thanks very much, From: Teri Gibbs Sent: Thursday, December 19, 2019 20:0 I To: Cc: >; Subject: Witness re Prince Andrew Hi We have a client who witnessed Prince Andrew's interactions with would like to set up a phone or video interview with the appropriate party to allow our client to make a statement. Please let me know how to proceed. EFTA00032228 Best regards, Teri Gibbs No ice To Recipian: This email is meant for only the intended recipient of the trans
