# EFTA00011164 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 12

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:19 AM
- **Subject:** RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine]

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: ' (USANYS)" <1 (USANYS)" <1 Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2021 17:17:56 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell's_Motions_in_Limine.zip Inline-Images: image001.jpg From: Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:50 AM To: (USANYS)< > SANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Mot

### Match 2
> AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2021 17:17:56 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell's_Motions_in_Limine.zip Inline-Images: image001.jpg From: Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:50 AM To: (USANYS)< > SANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Oh sure! I've attached the zip file, but also happy to add you to the share drive if you like. From: (USANYS) Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:19 AM To: Cc: < (USANYS) (USANYS)< > Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limin

### Match 3
> 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Oh sure! I've attached the zip file, but also happy to add you to the share drive if you like. From: (USANYS) Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:19 AM To: Cc: < (USANYS) (USANYS)< > Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Thanks, I don't seem to have access to the shared. Would you mind asking IT to add me and =? And/or emailing the PDF? From: Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 12:15 AM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Cc: < >; (USANYS) < Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [

### Match 4
> 's Motions in Limine] Thanks, I don't seem to have access to the shared. Would you mind asking IT to add me and =? And/or emailing the PDF? From: Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 12:15 AM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Cc: < >; (USANYS) < Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] The defense filed 13 motions in limine. I've attached their two cover letters, and the various motions are saved here: Usa.doj.gov\ clouaNYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 \ !Trial MILWefense MILs From: Nicole Simmons Sent: Monday, October 18, 2021 11:41 PM To:

### Match 5
> : Usa.doj.gov\ clouaNYS StAndrews \Shared \ USvEpstein-2018R01618 \ !Trial MILWefense MILs From: Nicole Simmons Sent: Monday, October 18, 2021 11:41 PM To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' < Cc: Jeff Pagliuca Laura Menninger >; (USANYS) Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Dear Judge Nathan: EFTA00011164 At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine and supporting documents. Regards, Nicole Simmons Nicole Simmons Haddon, Morgan and Foreman. P C. %wnv.hmflaw.com EFTA00011165

### Match 6
> day, October 18, 2021 11:41 PM To: 'Nathan NYSD Chambers' < Cc: Jeff Pagliuca Laura Menninger >; (USANYS) Subject: [EXTERNAL] U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Dear Judge Nathan: EFTA00011164 At the request of Jeffrey Pagliuca, please see attached Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine and supporting documents. Regards, Nicole Simmons Nicole Simmons Haddon, Morgan and Foreman. P C. %wnv.hmflaw.com EFTA00011165

### Match 7
> From: To: ' (USANYS)" <1 (USANYS)" <1 Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2021 17:17:56 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell's_Motions_in_Limine.zip Inline-Images: image001.jpg From: Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:50 AM To: (USANYS)< > SANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case

### Match 8
> From: To: ' (USANYS)" <1 (USANYS)" <1 Subject: FW: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2021 17:17:56 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell's_Motions_in_Limine.zip Inline-Images: image001.jpg From: Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:50 AM To: (USANYS)< > SANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Oh sure! I've attached the zip file, but also happy to add you to

### Match 9
> S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2021 17:17:56 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell's_Motions_in_Limine.zip Inline-Images: image001.jpg From: Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:50 AM To: (USANYS)< > SANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Oh sure! I've attached the zip file, but also happy to add you to the share drive if you like. From: (USANYS) Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:19 AM To: Cc: < (USANYS) (USANYS)< > Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 3

### Match 10
> bject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Oh sure! I've attached the zip file, but also happy to add you to the share drive if you like. From: (USANYS) Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 9:19 AM To: Cc: < (USANYS) (USANYS)< > Subject: RE: U.S. v. Maxwell, Case No. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) [Ms. Maxwell's Motions in Limine] Thanks, I don't seem to have access to the shared. Would you mind asking IT to add me and =? And/or emailing the PDF? From: Sent: Tuesday, October 19, 2021 12:15 AM To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Cc: < >; (USANYS) < Subject: FW: U.S.
