# EFTA02485478

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: Wheels Up goes, stays pink for breast cance= awareness - Luxury Daily - Events/Causes|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, September 25, 2015 3:04 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Wheels Up goes, stays pink for breast cancer awareness - Luxury Daily - Events/Causes On Fri, Sep 25, 2015 at 10:08 AM, Eva Dubin where are you? w=ote: wrote: Date: Fri, 25 Sep 2015=00:54:15 -0400 Subject: Re: Wheels Up goes, stays pink for breast cance= awareness - Luxury Dail

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, September 25, 2015 3:04 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Wheels Up goes, stays pink for breast cancer awareness - Luxury Daily - Events/Causes On Fri, Sep 25, 2015 at 10:08 AM, Eva Dubin where are you? w=ote: wrote: Date: Fri, 25 Sep 2015=00:54:15 -0400 Subject: Re: Wheels Up goes, stays pink for breast cance= awareness - Luxury Daily - Events/Causes From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com> To: are you awake? On Fri, Sep=25, 2015 at 12:34 AM, Eva Dubin <

**[FULL]:** M, Eva Dubin where are you? w=ote: wrote: Date: Fri, 25 Sep 2015=00:54:15 -0400 Subject: Re: Wheels Up goes, stays pink for breast cance= awareness - Luxury Daily - Events/Causes From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com> To: are you awake? On Fri, Sep=25, 2015 at 12:34 AM, Eva Dubin <mailto: =br> https://m.luxurydaily.com/wheels-up-goes-stays-pink-for-=reast-cancer- awareness/?utm_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2F <https://m.luxurydaily.com/wheels-up-goes-stays- pink-for-breast-c=ncer-awareness/?utm_referrer=https://www.google.com/> =br> Sent from my iPhone please n

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, September 25, 2015 3:04 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: Wheels Up goes, stays pink for breast cancer awareness - Luxury Daily -
Events/Causes 
On Fri, Sep 25, 2015 at 10:08 AM, Eva Dubin 
where are you? 
w=ote: 
wrote: 
Date: Fri, 25 Sep 2015=00:54:15 -0400 
Subject: Re: Wheels Up goes, stays pink for breast cance= awareness - Luxury Daily - Events/Causes 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com> 
To: 
are you awake? 
On Fri, Sep=25, 2015 at 12:34 AM, Eva Dubin 
<mailto: 
=br> https://m.luxurydaily.com/wheels-up-goes-stays-pink-for-=reast-cancer-
awareness/?utm_referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2F <https://m.luxurydaily.com/wheels-up-goes-stays-
pink-for-breast-c=ncer-awareness/?utm_referrer=https://www.google.com/> =br> 
Sent from my iPhone 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, m=y be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and=is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA_R1_01603927 
EFTA02485478

Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or=any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you hav= received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by<=r>return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communicati=n and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rig=ts reserved 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01603928 
EFTA02485479

