# EFTA02636559

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Atlas, Andrew S"|
|To|Richard Kahn &=t|
|Sent||
|Subject|RE: New Account etup, ease omp ete your Online R=gistration|

---

**[WORD]:** tterfly trust brokerage ac=ount has been opened at Morgan Stanley and will be funded today with approx=mately 2,160,000 from db caterpillar trust. Richard Kahn&nb=p; HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 Phone Fax Cel Begin forwarded message: From: "Atlas, Andrew S" Date: March 18, 2019 at 10:18:20 AM MDT >- To: Richard Kahn &=t <mailto > - Subject: RE: New Account etup, ease omp ete your Online R=gistration Hi Rich,=o:p> &nb=p; I hope a=l is well. &nb=p; The Butt=rfly Trust is open and ready to be funded. &nb=p; Wire l=structions Bank:=Citibank

**[WORD]:** .0001 ABA I EFTA_R1_01865806 EFTA02636559 For B=nefit Of: Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC Benef=ciary Account For Fu=ther Credit to: / The 2013 Butterfly Trust &nbs=; &nb=p; Also, pl=ase complete the Online Registration so we can participate in Syndicate off=rings. &nb=p; Thanks a=ain, Andrew &nb=p; Andrew S. Atlas Senior Vice President Equity Sales/Middle Ma=kets Group =o:p> Financial Advisor Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 1290 Avenue of the Americas,=12th Floor [ New York, NY 10104 Tel/Direct: I =Fax <mailto NMLS ID # &nb=p; From: Richard Kah= [mailto Sent: Wednesday,

**[WORD]:** ice President Equity Sales/Middle Ma=kets Group =o:p> Financial Advisor Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 1290 Avenue of the Americas,=12th Floor [ New York, NY 10104 Tel/Direct: I =Fax <mailto NMLS ID # &nb=p; From: Richard Kah= [mailto Sent: Wednesday, March 13, 2019 3:33 PM To: Atlas, Andrew S (Wealth Management Field) Subject: Fwd: New Account Setup, Please Complete your Online Registra=ion <mailto:richardkahn12@gmail.com> i will wait to set up until you confirm we are good t= go.. thanks 2 EFTA_R1_01865807 EFTA02636560 Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington Avenue

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Monday, March 18, 2019 4:33 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: New Account Setup, Please Complete your Online Registration 
Good news. Butterfly trust brokerage ac=ount has been opened at Morgan Stanley and will be funded today with 
approx=mately 2,160,000 from db caterpillar trust. 
Richard Kahn&nb=p; 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue, 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Phone
Fax 
Cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Atlas, Andrew S" 
Date: March 18, 2019 at 10:18:20 AM MDT 
>-
To: Richard Kahn &=t 
<mailto
> - 
Subject: RE: New Account etup, ease omp ete your Online R=gistration 
Hi Rich,=o:p> 
&nb=p; 
I hope a=l is well. 
&nb=p; 
The Butt=rfly Trust is open and ready to be funded. 
&nb=p; 
Wire l=structions 
Bank:=Citibank, 111 Wall Street, New York, NY 10043.0001 
ABA 
I 
EFTA_R1_01865806 
EFTA02636559

For B=nefit Of: Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC 
Benef=ciary Account 
For Fu=ther Credit to: 
/ The 2013 Butterfly Trust &nbs=; 
&nb=p; 
Also, pl=ase complete the Online Registration so we can participate in Syndicate off=rings. 
&nb=p; 
Thanks a=ain, 
Andrew 
&nb=p; 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Senior Vice President 
Equity Sales/Middle Ma=kets Group =o:p> 
Financial Advisor 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
1290 Avenue of the Americas,=12th Floor [ New York, NY 10104 
Tel/Direct: 
I =Fax 
<mailto 
NMLS ID # 
&nb=p; 
From: Richard Kah= [mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, March 13, 2019 3:33 PM 
To: Atlas, Andrew S (Wealth Management Field) 
Subject: Fwd: New Account Setup, Please Complete your Online Registra=ion 
<mailto:richardkahn12@gmail.com> 
i will wait to set up until you confirm we are good t= go.. 
thanks 
2 
EFTA_R1_01865807 
EFTA02636560

Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
=a» <mailto: 
Subject: Fwd: New Account Setup, Please Complete your=Online Registration 
Date: 
To: 
<mailto 
> 
Hi Rich, 
Do you know what is it 
Thank you, 
Bella 
<mailto: 
Tel: 
212=971-1307 
Begin forwarded message: 
3 
EFTA_R1_01865808 
EFTA02636561

From: 
<=a> crnailto:(
1> 
Subject: New Account Setup, Please Complete your Onli=e Registration 
Date: 
To 
<mailto 
<=o:p> 
<https://www.morganstanleyclientserv.com/publiccont=nt/images/edelivery/mslogo_redesign.jpg> =o:p> 
You're Just A Few Clicks Away From 
Enjoying Secure Online Access 
You are receiving this email because you requested=online access. 
Please note, you are required to complete your registration to enable online=access. 
<https://ww=.morganstanleyclientserv.com/publiccontent/images/edelivery/monitor_header.=ng> 
chttps://www.morganstanleyclientserv.com/publiccontent/imag=s/edelivery/bullet.png> 
Download the Morgan Stanley Mobile App for faster access to your account=information 
<https://www.morganstanleyclientserv.com/publiccontent/imag=s/edelivery/bullet.png> 
Pay bills and transfer funds quickly and securely 
<https://www.morganstanleyclientserv.com/publiccontent/imag=s/edelivery/bullet.png> 
Place and manage online trading orders 
<https://www.morganstanleyclientserv.com/publiccontent/imag=s/edelivery/bullet.png> 
Access the latest research, news, company quotes and more 
4 
EFTA_R1_01865809 
EFTA02636562

Register Today! 
For your security, the registration above w=lI expire after 5 days.<=p> 
=/p> 
<https://login.morganstanleyclientserv.com/ux/enrollmen=/ValidateBranchUser/65130816411661C8A7413558ED4B00 
A48DDA09DC10F6FSFB018B6CA=559587F8AE9B51F78390C198> 
(24= hours a day, 7 days a week) to speak with a Client Service Representative. =46rom outside the 
United States, you can call collect at 
here . Please note, you w=ll still receive service e-mails from Morgan Stanley Wealth Management. 
NOTICE:=20 Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or view= contained herein are not 
intended to be, and do not constitute, advice withi= the meaning of Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform 
and Consumer=20 Protection Act. If you have received this communication in error, please des=roy all electronic and 
paper copies and notify the sender immediately. Mistransmission is not intended to waive confidentiality or privilege. 
Morga= Stanley reserves the right, to the extent required and/or permitted under =applicable law, to monitor electronic 
communications, including telephone ca=ls with Morgan Stanley personnel. This message is subject to the Morgan 
Stanley=20 General Disclaimers available at the following link: http://www.morganstanle=.com/disclaimers 
<http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers> . If you cannot access the links, please notify us by reply message and 
we will send the contents to you. By =communicating with Morgan Stanley you acknowledge that you have read, 
unders=and and consent, (where applicable), to the foregoing and the Morgan Stanley Gen=ral Disclaimers. 
5 
EFTA_R1_01865810 
EFTA02636563

