# EFTA02647674

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, June 11, 2017 2:51 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: great On Sun, Jun 11, 2017 at 8:43 AM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Really really good!! We missed you... you wo=ld have liked it!! Leon was so cute... stayed late.... Jes sends a huge hu=! He was the last one off the dance floor! Please note, my email address has changed to eva@dubin

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, June 11, 2017 2:51 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: great On Sun, Jun 11, 2017 at 8:43 AM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Really really good!! We missed you... you wo=ld have liked it!! Leon was so cute... stayed late.... Jes sends a huge hu=! He was the last one off the dance floor! Please note, my email address has changed to eva@dubinandco.com <mailto:eva@dubinand=o.com> On Jun 11, 2017, at 10:33 A

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, June 11, 2017 2:51 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
great 
On Sun, Jun 11, 2017 at 8:43 AM, Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
Really really good!! 
We missed you... you wo=ld have liked it!! Leon was so cute... stayed late.... Jes sends a huge hu=! He was the 
last one off the dance floor! 
Please note, my email address has changed to eva@dubinandco.com <mailto:eva@dubinand=o.com> 
On Jun 11, 2017, at 10:33 AM, "jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= target=> " 
<jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:j=evacation@gmailcom» wrote= 
how did it go!? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01885765 
EFTA02647674

=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailtoleevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai..com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a114c8b18c6f4380551b0549e-- conversation-id 41574 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1497192661 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 720748 
2 
EFTA_R1_01885766 
EFTA02647675

