# EFTA02666273

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, December 28, 2016 12:46 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: yup On Tue, Dec 27, 2016 at 7:36 PM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Are you here? Sent from my iPhone On Dec 27, 2016, at 5:50 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> wrote: yes, do On Tue, Dec 27, 2016 at 5:11 PM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: I spoke with Glenn

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, December 28, 2016 12:46 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: yup On Tue, Dec 27, 2016 at 7:36 PM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Are you here? Sent from my iPhone On Dec 27, 2016, at 5:50 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> wrote: yes, do On Tue, Dec 27, 2016 at 5:11 PM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: I spoke with Glenn and we are interested in exploring Janusz and Ofelia =aking a c

**[FULL]:** ecember 28, 2016 12:46 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: yup On Tue, Dec 27, 2016 at 7:36 PM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: Are you here? Sent from my iPhone On Dec 27, 2016, at 5:50 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> wrote: yes, do On Tue, Dec 27, 2016 at 5:11 PM, Eva Dubin < > wrote: I spoke with Glenn and we are interested in exploring Janusz and Ofelia =aking a couples position in North Salem. So let me know if you think I sho=ld have that conversation with Ofelia. please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cl

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, December 28, 2016 12:46 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
yup 
On Tue, Dec 27, 2016 at 7:36 PM, Eva Dubin 
< 
> wrote: 
Are you here? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 27, 2016, at 5:50 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com> wrote: 
yes, do 
On Tue, Dec 27, 2016 at 5:11 PM, Eva Dubin < 
> wrote: 
I spoke with Glenn and we are interested in exploring Janusz and Ofelia =aking a couples 
position in North Salem. So let me know if you think I sho=ld have that conversation with Ofelia. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_01917320 
EFTA02666273

return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01917321 
EFTA02666274

