# EFTA00028066 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion FILED to seal document"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> nt during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/24/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION, to seal document, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/24/2020 by CM/ECF. [2938282] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document Description: Motion FI

### Match 2
> nt during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/24/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION, to seal document, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/24/2020 by CM/ECF. [2938282] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Gerard Whidbee, Deputy Clerk Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are associated with this transaction: Document Description: M

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> To: Subject: 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion FILED to seal document" Date: Thu, 24 Sep 2020 23:53:41 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed elect

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/24/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION, to seal document, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/24/2020 by CM/ECF. [2938282] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Gerard Whidbee,
