# EFTA00024774 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Louise Scott <I
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, July 8, 2020 11:43 AM
- **Subject:** RE: Epstein ill% estigation [FFW-DOCS.FID600337.51

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> articular questions, and to talk with her counsel at any time, to take any breaks that would be beneficial while we're meeting, etc. In terms of topic areas, we would be hoping to learn about the general narrative of her interactions with Epstein and his other associates and employees, including Ghislaine Maxwell, whom we understand she may have worked directly for. That would broadly include how she came to be in contact with them, the nature and scope of her employment, any instructions she was given relating to other women or girls, and just generally her experiences and observations in interacting wi

### Match 2
> articular questions, and to talk with her counsel at any time, to take any breaks that would be beneficial while we're meeting, etc. In terms of topic areas, we would be hoping to learn about the general narrative of her interactions with Epstein and his other associates and employees, including Ghislaine Maxwell, whom we understand she may have worked directly for. That would broadly include how she came to be in contact with them, the nature and scope of her employment, any instructions she was given relating to other women or girls, and just generally her experiences and observations in intera

### Match 3
> ut it seems to me that you are better off getting the information first hand. If you wish it may be sensible for you to initially have a call with my client? My client has made a complaint to the Met police regarding a sexual assault by Jeffrey Epstein whilst in London and in the employment of G Maxwell. Apart from the complaint itself, no further information has been provided to the police. I appreciate the issue re coronavirus of course. Kind regards, Jill Jill Greenfield Partner Personal Injury Team of the Year - Solicitors Journal Awards 2017 imancooup From: Sent: Wednesday, March 4,

### Match 4
> us, there would be absolutely no need or requirement for her to talk about any assault or victimization she experienced. We wrote in our first email that we would primarily be interested in talking about topics such as the general scope of her employment, directions she received from Epstein or Maxwell, etc., and as always we would be guided by her comfort level. In terms of who would attend a meeting, we almost always work in pairs, so two prosecutors and two officers, and that's not to have extra people, but rather because it helps us to be as efficient as we can, and so witnesses can meet t
