# EFTA00013241 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, October 9, 2020 11:17 A
- **Subject:** RE: Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: USANYS)" (USANYS)" (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Fri, 09 Oct 2020 18:22:28 +0000 Yes, I'm available now until 3 or after 4, thanks. From: (USANYS) Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:22 PM To: (USANYS); (USANYS) ; Subject: RE: Maxwell =just called with an update. Do some/all of you have time for a quick call? I'm free now until 3 or af

### Match 2
> From: To: USANYS)" (USANYS)" (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Fri, 09 Oct 2020 18:22:28 +0000 Yes, I'm available now until 3 or after 4, thanks. From: (USANYS) Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:22 PM To: (USANYS); (USANYS) ; Subject: RE: Maxwell =just called with an update. Do some/all of you have time for a quick call? I'm free now until 3 or after 4. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:17 AM To: (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell Thanks very much. From: (USANYS) Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:17 A To: (USANYS)

### Match 3
> (USANYS) Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 2:22 PM To: (USANYS); (USANYS) ; Subject: RE: Maxwell =just called with an update. Do some/all of you have time for a quick call? I'm free now until 3 or after 4. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:17 AM To: (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell Thanks very much. From: (USANYS) Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:17 A To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: FW: Maxwell Team- both Nand followed up on the review of images from the Epstein devices and FBI assured us that they will get it done. Please keep us posted and let us kno

### Match 4
> /all of you have time for a quick call? I'm free now until 3 or after 4. From: Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:17 AM To: (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: RE: Maxwell Thanks very much. From: (USANYS) Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:17 A To: (USANYS) (USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: FW: Maxwell Team- both Nand followed up on the review of images from the Epstein devices and FBI assured us that they will get it done. Please keep us posted and let us know if there is anything else we can do to assist. Thanks! From: (USANYS) Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:10 AM To: USANYS) Cc: (US

### Match 5
> d followed up on the review of images from the Epstein devices and FBI assured us that they will get it done. Please keep us posted and let us know if there is anything else we can do to assist. Thanks! From: (USANYS) Sent: Friday, October 9, 2020 11:10 AM To: USANYS) Cc: (USANYS) Subject: Maxwell sa s Met right on the CART issue and make sure it gets done. Let me know what happens. United States Attorney's Office, SDNY EFTA00013241
