# EFTA02430986

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeevacation (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com)|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Wednesday, February 03, 2010 8:50 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeevacationueevacation@gmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Wed 2/3/2010 2:17:52 PM Subject: RE: Done. No fax, just closed circuit t.v. Original Message From: Jeevacation (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com) Sent: Wednesday, February 03, 2010 8:50 AM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: If you can get the affadavit to Darren today I'd appreciate it

**[WORD]:** To: Jeevacationueevacation@gmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Wed 2/3/2010 2:17:52 PM Subject: RE: Done. No fax, just closed circuit t.v. Original Message From: Jeevacation (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com) Sent: Wednesday, February 03, 2010 8:50 AM To: Dubin, Glenn Subject: If you can get the affadavit to Darren today I'd appreciate it Do you also have a fax machine in your new bathroom Sent from my iPhone This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. If you are not the intended r

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeevacationueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: 
Wed 2/3/2010 2:17:52 PM 
Subject: 
RE: 
Done. No fax, just closed circuit t.v. 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeevacation (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com) 
Sent: Wednesday, February 03, 2010 8:50 AM 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Subject: 
If you can get the affadavit to Darren today I'd appreciate it 
Do you also have 
a fax machine in your new bathroom 
Sent from my iPhone 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may 
contain confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you are 
hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail 
and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and delete 
the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01501082 
EFTA02430986

