# EFTA02382749

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.com|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, October 4, 2011 11:15 PM To: Jeffrey Subject: RE: When are you coming back? Date: Tue, = Oct 2011 22:58:08 +0200 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com yes O= Tue, Oct 4, 2011 at 8:21 PM, Eva Dubin w=ote: Can I ask Lesley for 20/30 names of people that I can invite to

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Tuesday, October 4, 2011 11:15 PM To: Jeffrey Subject: RE: When are you coming back? Date: Tue, = Oct 2011 22:58:08 +0200 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com yes O= Tue, Oct 4, 2011 at 8:21 PM, Eva Dubin w=ote: Can I ask Lesley for 20/30 names of people that I can invite to the Decem=er 12th Dubin Breast Center gala at the Mandarin? =Will you come and take a table? If you come I =ill give a speech. *** ***** **•** ******** **=* ******* *•*** ******** ***** ******* ** The information co

**[WORD]:** ctober 4, 2011 11:15 PM To: Jeffrey Subject: RE: When are you coming back? Date: Tue, = Oct 2011 22:58:08 +0200 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com yes O= Tue, Oct 4, 2011 at 8:21 PM, Eva Dubin w=ote: Can I ask Lesley for 20/30 names of people that I can invite to the Decem=er 12th Dubin Breast Center gala at the Mandarin? =Will you come and take a table? If you come I =ill give a speech. *** ***** **•** ******** **=* ******* *•*** ******** ***** ******* ** The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may=br> constit

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Tuesday, October 4, 2011 11:15 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey 
Subject: 
RE: 
When are you coming back? 
Date: Tue, = Oct 2011 22:58:08 +0200 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
yes 
O= Tue, Oct 4, 2011 at 8:21 PM, Eva Dubin 
w=ote: 
Can I ask Lesley for 20/30 names of people that I can invite to the Decem=er 12th Dubin Breast Center gala at 
the Mandarin? =Will you come and take a table? If you come I =ill give a speech. 
*** ***** 
**•** 
******** 
**=* ******* 
*•*** 
******** 
***** 
******* 
** 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may=br> constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the=addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use=2C disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is s=rictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attac=ments. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01398854 
EFTA02382749

