# EFTA02407685

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Mukamal, Thomas|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Tue Aug 10 10:36:43 2010|
|Subject|AYH Roof repairs|

---

**[WORD]:** hibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately and delete all copies. From: Jeffrey Epstein <"eevacation@ mail.com> To: Cecile de Jongh Sent: Tue, August 10, 2010 11:32:03 AM Subject: Fwd: Fw: AYH Roof repairs Forwarded message From: Farkas, Andrew L. < Date: Tuc, Aug 10, 2010 at 10:38 AM Subject: Fw: AYH Roof repairs To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jecvacation@gmail.com> A picture is worth a thousand words. From: Mukamal, Thomas To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tue Aug 10 10:36:43 2010 Subject: AYH Roof repairs ******************************

**[WORD]:** 10, 2010 11:32:03 AM Subject: Fwd: Fw: AYH Roof repairs Forwarded message From: Farkas, Andrew L. < Date: Tuc, Aug 10, 2010 at 10:38 AM Subject: Fw: AYH Roof repairs To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jecvacation@gmail.com> A picture is worth a thousand words. From: Mukamal, Thomas To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Tue Aug 10 10:36:43 2010 Subject: AYH Roof repairs *********************************************************** EFTA_R1_01467164 EFTA02407685 The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinfleeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Cecile de Jongh 
Sent: 
Tue 8/10/2010 3:56:46 PM 
Subject: Re: Fwd: Fw: AYH Roof repairs 
Thanks. 
DISCLAIMER: The information contained in this e-mail may be privileged,confidential, and 
protected from disclosure. If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that any dissemination, distribution or duplication of this communication is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender 
immediately and delete all copies. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <"eevacation@ mail.com> 
To: Cecile de Jongh 
Sent: Tue, August 10, 2010 11:32:03 AM 
Subject: Fwd: Fw: AYH Roof repairs 
 
Forwarded message 
From: Farkas, Andrew L. < 
Date: Tuc, Aug 10, 2010 at 10:38 AM 
Subject: Fw: AYH Roof repairs 
To: "jeevacation®gmail.com" <jecvacation@gmail.com>
A picture is worth a thousand words. 
From: Mukamal, Thomas 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Tue Aug 10 10:36:43 2010 
Subject: AYH Roof repairs 
*********************************************************** 
EFTA_R1_01467164 
EFTA02407685

The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01467165 
EFTA02407686

