# EFTA02514805

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: TITLE | XRefs: epstein, maxwell, president

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[TITLE]:** e total lack of credibiltiy of the accurser all the paper had to =o was to check at the very basic of levels the truth in any regard w=atsoever to the very detailed description of ms maxwell flying presidnent =linton in a black heli to a dinnner on Mr Epsteins where he sat on t=is left. etc etc.. President Clinton , not only did not=visit multiple times as alleged HE never ever visited once. n=t once. THis is easily verifiable.. and has always been so. b=t the paper acting in total disregard to its responsiblitu under the act. =ublished it. please note<=r> The information contained in this com

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, January 6, 2015 10:46 AM 
To: 
Gmax 
I would have your lawyers put out something like. =AO to highlight the preposterous nature of the lurid allegations =AO 
and the total lack of credibiltiy of the accurser all the paper had to =o was to check at the very basic of levels the truth 
in any regard w=atsoever to the very detailed description of ms maxwell flying presidnent =linton in a black heli to a 
dinnner on Mr Epsteins where he sat on t=is left. etc etc.. President Clinton , not only did not=visit multiple times as 
alleged HE never ever visited once. n=t once. THis is easily verifiable.. and has always been so. b=t the paper acting in 
total disregard to its responsiblitu under the act. =ublished it. 
please note<=r> 
The information contained in this communication is confidential,=may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, a=d is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of<=r>JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication =r any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you h=ve 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately b= return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communica=ion and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all r=ghts reserved 
--001a1148f9faf8ec4d050bf98451-- conversation-id 129031 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1420541189 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 470410 
1 
EFTA_R1_01648798 
EFTA02514805

