# EFTA02461129

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|MICHAEL BUCHHOL=Z <|
|To|"jeffrey E.&=uot; < ez|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, June 5, 2016 12:40 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Fwd: Forwarded message From: MICHAEL BUCHHOL=Z < Date: Sunday, 5 June 2016 Subject: To: "jeffrey E.&=uot; < ez e evacation@gmail.com <mailtoieevacation@gmailcom> Thanks so much for resp=nding so fast. III have my daughter sent her resume and a cover letter lat=r today. I assume

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, June 5, 2016 12:40 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
 
Forwarded message 
From: MICHAEL BUCHHOL=Z < 
Date: Sunday, 5 June 2016 
Subject: 
To: "jeffrey E.&=uot; < ez
e evacation@gmail.com <mailtoieevacation@gmailcom> 
Thanks so much for resp=nding so fast. III have my daughter sent her resume and a cover letter lat=r today. 
I assume all=is well; I sold my practice to Northwell Health and work for them; they to=k at 20 (+10) year lease on my 
building. I'm chief of oncology at the =egional Northwell Cancer Institute at Huntington/and Huntington 
Hospital.l=439;m starting to get real tired. 
=mily is a certified dietitian/nutritionist and presently works at SU=Y Downstate ;she lives at 46th St off 2nd Ave; my 
son Warren works f=r Toll Bros and lives in Hamilton Heights; and baby Nora (19 yo) just fini=hed her first year ay 
University of Kansas. 
Emily has great training ,is really hard working and has a =pbeat engaging personality. She wants to be in NYC and this 
job would be i= oncology; something she really would like to do and she would be excellen= at it. Previously worked at 
Lenox Hill; she can get excellent recommendat=ons 
Please call me 
or invite me to lunch; I'd=love to hear how you are doing,really. 
I truly appreciate any efforts on yours/Eva's behalf. Micha=l 
On Sun, Jun 05, 2016 at 07:19 AM, jeffrey E. wrote: 
send me your daugthers res=me and feel free to copy eva 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communicat=on and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all ri=hts reserved 
EFTA_R1_01566988 
EFTA02461129

=C2 
please note 
The information contained in t=is communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, ma= constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of =he addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure=or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohib=ted and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in =rror, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.c=m, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, includ=ng all attachments. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01566989 
EFTA02461130

