# EFTA02588689

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: philanthrop, mit, media lab, joi ito, meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, August 17, 2014 3:16 PM To: Bill Gates who do you know and like? or would like t= know. ? David Koch, Barry Diller, mort zuckerman, Len blava=nik, Nelson peltz leon black josh harris mark rowen glenn dubin , ron. per=man, jon paulson, steve cohen, steve schwartzman, david tepper, tom lee. ronald lauder, bob kraft,=C2 torn pristsker,

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, August 17, 2014 3:16 PM 
To: 
Bill Gates 
who do you know and like? or would like t= know. ? David Koch, Barry Diller,  mort zuckerman, Len blava=nik, Nelson 
peltz leon black josh harris mark rowen glenn dubin , ron. per=man, jon paulson, steve cohen, steve schwartzman, 
david tepper, tom lee. ronald lauder, bob kraft,=C2 torn pristsker, jeff greene, richard branson, bruce =kovner, 
leonard stern, david shaw. Israel , englander, stan druckmiller, ed lamb=rtt, ron baron, / I don;t want too many first 
roun=, first thorughts leon , josh harris mort tom pristsker.=ron baron? 
On another note, how did the meeting go re DAF ? anyt=ing to see yet? 
I am starting an institute at MIT calling it=ONE SCIENCE . basically, to explore the intersections of=what appears to be 
diverse fields. Signal intelligence, toplology, b=g data, mathematical biology, neuro etc. It will be run by Joi Ito. =ead of 
media lab. sits on sony board as well as new york times. you =ave yet to respond to my suggestions re philanthropy,. 
Im =AO happy to drop the subject if you find discomforting or inte=fering with what I believe is a friendship based on 
mutual respect. 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized 
use,=disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is stri=tly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this commun=cation in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 
1 
EFTA_R1_01769728 
EFTA02588689

