# EFTA00016262 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: [EXTERNAL] URGENT: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From• To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM ‹ > Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] URGENT: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Fri, 29 Oct 2021 16:22:35 +0000 I am following up with the appropriate department. >>> BOBBI C STERNHEIM 10/29/2021 11:50 AM >» Further my earlier email today, as of 10:30 a.m., USPO tracking lists the following 4 items of legal mail "Available for Pickup" and does not indica

### Match 2
> From• To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM ‹ > Cc: Christian Everdell Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] URGENT: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Fri, 29 Oct 2021 16:22:35 +0000 I am following up with the appropriate department. >>> BOBBI C STERNHEIM 10/29/2021 11:50 AM >» Further my earlier email today, as of 10:30 a.m., USPO tracking lists the following 4 items of legal mail "Available for Pickup" and does no

### Match 3
> 000 I am following up with the appropriate department. >>> BOBBI C STERNHEIM 10/29/2021 11:50 AM >» Further my earlier email today, as of 10:30 a.m., USPO tracking lists the following 4 items of legal mail "Available for Pickup" and does not indicate that MDC has retrieved or received them. Ms. Maxwell has not received legal mail in more than a week. Please confirm IMMEDIATELY the status of these items on your end. Failure to response today will result in the filing of an order to show cause requiring your presence in Court. BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 225 Broa

### Match 4
> be confidential and/or privileged. If you are not the intended recipient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. > -- > Isabel Maxwell, Paralegal, Leah Saffian, Inc. > LAW OFFICES OF LEAH SAFFIAN; LEAH SAFFIAN BA JD LLM > 11420 SANTA MONICA BLVD #25424 LOS ANGELES CA 90025 USA EFTA00016262 > NOTICE: The information transmitted by this email is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed. This email may co

### Match 5
> egally privileged material. If you are not the intended recipient of this message, be aware that any use, review, retransmission, distribution, reproduction or any action taken in reliance upon this message is strictly prohibited. If you received this in error, please contact the sender Isabel Maxwell at Tel and delete the material from all computers. EFTA00016263
