# EFTA00019212 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 5

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> U.S. Department of .1 ustice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Silvio J. Motto Buildin New Or'. OW or November 10, 2020 Legal Counsel Federal Bureau of Prisons Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Enclosed is a laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell, an inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center. We are providing this laptop to Ms. Maxwell for the sole purpose of reviewing discovery materials in connection with the above-captioned case. The laptop has been reviewed by suppo

### Match 2
> U.S. Department of .1 ustice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Silvio J. Motto Buildin New Or'. OW or November 10, 2020 Legal Counsel Federal Bureau of Prisons Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Enclosed is a laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell, an inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center. We are providing this laptop to Ms. Maxwell for the sole purpose of reviewing discovery materials in connection with the above-captioned case. The laptop has been reviewed by support staff at our Office, who have informed us that they have success

### Match 3
> U.S. Department of .1 ustice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Silvio J. Motto Buildin New Or'. OW or November 10, 2020 Legal Counsel Federal Bureau of Prisons Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Enclosed is a laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell, an inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center. We are providing this laptop to Ms. Maxwell for the sole purpose of reviewing discovery materials in connection with the above-captioned case. The laptop has been reviewed

### Match 4
> U.S. Department of .1 ustice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Silvio J. Motto Buildin New Or'. OW or November 10, 2020 Legal Counsel Federal Bureau of Prisons Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Enclosed is a laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell, an inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center. We are providing this laptop to Ms. Maxwell for the sole purpose of reviewing discovery materials in connection with the above-captioned case. The laptop has been reviewed by support staff at our Office, who have informed us that they have

### Match 5
> k The Silvio J. Motto Buildin New Or'. OW or November 10, 2020 Legal Counsel Federal Bureau of Prisons Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Dear Enclosed is a laptop for Ghislaine Maxwell, an inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center. We are providing this laptop to Ms. Maxwell for the sole purpose of reviewing discovery materials in connection with the above-captioned case. The laptop has been reviewed by support staff at our Office, who have informed us that they have successfully modified the laptop to meet the specifications you have requested. In particular, we ha
