# EFTA02439716

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Dubin, Glenn|
|Sent|Tue Jul 07 21:25:56 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation@gmail.comijeeyacation@gmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Wed 7/8/2009 7:39:22 AM Subject: Re: I'll call u later today... From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Tue Jul 07 21:25:56 2009 Subject: in the office from 7 30 am This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential informa

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation@gmail.comijeeyacation@gmail.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent Wed 7/8/2009 7:39:22 AM Subject: Re: I'll call u later today... From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Tue Jul 07 21:25:56 2009 Subject: in the office from 7 30 am This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copyi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation@gmail.comijeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent 
Wed 7/8/2009 7:39:22 AM 
Subject: Re: 
I'll call u later today... 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: Tue Jul 07 21:25:56 2009 
Subject: 
in the office from 7 30 am 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and 
delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01513477 
EFTA02439716

