# EFTA00010292 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** H
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion FILED to seal document"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> nt during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 10/08/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION, to seal document, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 10/08/2020 by CM/ECF. [2948488] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Assistant U.S. Attome : usdoj.gov Assistant U.S. Attorne @usdo ov Assistant U.S. Attome Adam Mueller, -: Laura Menninger, Gerard Whidbee, Deputy er Notice will be stored in the notice

### Match 2
> nt during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 10/08/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION, to seal document, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 10/08/2020 by CM/ECF. [2948488] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Assistant U.S. Attome : usdoj.gov Assistant U.S. Attorne @usdo ov Assistant U.S. Attome Adam Mueller, -: Laura Menninger, Gerard Whidbee, Deputy er Notice will be stored in th

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> To: H Subject: 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Motion FILED to seal document" Date: Thu, 08 Oct 2020 20:55:23 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed elect

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 10/08/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: MOTION, to seal document, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 10/08/2020 by CM/ECF. [2948488] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Assistant U.S. Attome : usdoj.gov Assistant U.S. Attorne @us
