# EFTA00021832 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 8

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Monday, July 6, 2020 7:49 PM
- **Subject:** Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509)

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' r H To:' Cc: ' Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 23:50:09 +0000 11 Good evening, I received an out of office message in response to the below email. Would someone be able to assist with this matter, please? Thank you, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's

### Match 2
> d an out of office message in response to the below email. Would someone be able to assist with this matter, please? Thank you, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: Sent: Monday, July 6, 2020 7:49 PM To: Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) c M> His Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been able to reach her. Would

### Match 3
> tant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: Sent: Monday, July 6, 2020 7:49 PM To: Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) c M> His Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been able to reach her. Would it be possible to allow Ms. Maxwell to make a legal call to her lawyers this evening, please? Thank you very much for your help. Assi

### Match 4
> From: ' r H To:' Cc: ' Subject: FW: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 23:50:09 +0000 11 Good evening, I received an out of office message in response to the below email. Would someone be able to assist with this matter, please? Thank you, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St.

### Match 5
> d an out of office message in response to the below email. Would someone be able to assist with this matter, please? Thank you, Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: Sent: Monday, July 6, 2020 7:49 PM To: Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) c M> His Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been able to reach he

### Match 6
> tant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 From: Sent: Monday, July 6, 2020 7:49 PM To: Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) c M> His Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been able to reach her. Would it be possible to allow Ms. Maxwell to make a legal call to her lawyers this evening, please? Thank you very much for your hel

### Match 7
> , NY 10007 From: Sent: Monday, July 6, 2020 7:49 PM To: Cc: Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) c M> His Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been able to reach her. Would it be possible to allow Ms. Maxwell to make a legal call to her lawyers this evening, please? Thank you very much for your help. Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza N

### Match 8
> M> His Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been able to reach her. Would it be possible to allow Ms. Maxwell to make a legal call to her lawyers this evening, please? Thank you very much for your help. Assistant United States Attorney Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 EFTA00021832
