# EFTA02662438

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, January 22, 2017 12:44 PM To: Bill Gates I think you should be part of the wash discussions.=C2 . you have the most expertise re the failure of merely t=rowing money at the problems. . how to generate really new ide=s. ? motivate the best and brightest. . often acco=panied by only coffee , a burger and a laptop or pencil. =A0There are

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, January 22, 2017 12:44 PM 
To: 
Bill Gates 
I think you should be part of the wash discussions.=C2 . you have the most expertise re the failure of merely t=rowing 
money at the problems. . how to generate really new ide=s. ? motivate the best and brightest. . often acco=panied by 
only coffee , a burger and a laptop or pencil. 
=A0There are many geo political considerations that can use your rumination=. I know you are bored.. reading passes 
the time=C2 but in the end . just more of the same. 
DONT=GET OLD. 
=C2 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to 
jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
--001a113ab9c4545ee80546ae3bbl-- conversation-id 55694 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1485089017 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 680659 
1 
EFTA_R1_01911266 
EFTA02662438

