# EFTA00016024 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 10

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> BSF BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER December 15, 2020 The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (A.JN) Dear Judge Nathan: motion for bail. submits the following statement in opposition to the Defendant's renewed *** I appreciate the opportunity to again be heard by the Court in this matter and once more request that Ghislaine Maxwell not be released prior to her trial. I wri

### Match 2
> rk, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (A.JN) Dear Judge Nathan: motion for bail. submits the following statement in opposition to the Defendant's renewed *** I appreciate the opportunity to again be heard by the Court in this matter and once more request that Ghislaine Maxwell not be released prior to her trial. I write this not only on behalf of myself, but all of the other girls and young women who were victimized by Maxwell. Ghislaine Maxwell sexually abused me as a child and the government has the responsibility to make sure that she stands trial for her crimes. I

### Match 3
> 011 1 (f) 954 356 0022 1 www bs(llp corn EFTA00016024 important to her than being connected. Even more concerning, is if she is let out she has the ability to once again abuse children and the painful consequences of that type of trauma can last a lifetime. I implore the Court to make sure that Ghislaine Maxwell does not escape justice by keeping her incarcerated until her trial. *** Respectfully submitted, EFTA00016025

### Match 4
> BSF BOIES SCHILLER FLEXNER December 15, 2020 The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York United States Courthouse 40 Foley Square New York, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (A.JN) Dear Judge Nathan: motion for bail. submits the following statement in opposition to the Defendant's renewed *** I appreciate the opportunity to again be heard by the Court in this matter and once more request that Ghislaine Maxwell not be released prior to her tria

### Match 5
> rk, New York 10007 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (A.JN) Dear Judge Nathan: motion for bail. submits the following statement in opposition to the Defendant's renewed *** I appreciate the opportunity to again be heard by the Court in this matter and once more request that Ghislaine Maxwell not be released prior to her trial. I write this not only on behalf of myself, but all of the other girls and young women who were victimized by Maxwell. Ghislaine Maxwell sexually abused me as a child and the government has the responsibility to make sure that she stands trial for her c

### Match 6
> fendant's renewed *** I appreciate the opportunity to again be heard by the Court in this matter and once more request that Ghislaine Maxwell not be released prior to her trial. I write this not only on behalf of myself, but all of the other girls and young women who were victimized by Maxwell. Ghislaine Maxwell sexually abused me as a child and the government has the responsibility to make sure that she stands trial for her crimes. I do not believe that will happen or that any of the women she exploited will see justice if she is released on bail. She has lived a life of privilege, abusing her

### Match 7
> she exploited will see justice if she is released on bail. She has lived a life of privilege, abusing her position of power to live beyond the rules. Fleeing the country in order to escape once more would fit with her long history of anti-social behavior. Drawing on my personal experience with Maxwell and what I have learned of how she has lived since that time, I believe that she is a psychopath. Her abuse of me and many other children and young women is evidence of her disregard for and violation of the rights of others. She has demonstrated a complete failure to accept to responsibility in

### Match 8
> emorse for her central role in procuring girls for Epstein to abuse. She was both charming and manipulative with me during the grooming process, consistent with what many of the women she abused have described. She has frequently lied to others, including repeatedly lying about me and my family. Maxwell has for decades lived a parasitic lifestyle relying on Epstein and others to fund her lavish existence. Maxwell has repeatedly demonstrated that her primary concern is her own welfare, and that she is willing to harm others if it benefits her. She is quite capable of doing so once more. She wil

### Match 9
> me during the grooming process, consistent with what many of the women she abused have described. She has frequently lied to others, including repeatedly lying about me and my family. Maxwell has for decades lived a parasitic lifestyle relying on Epstein and others to fund her lavish existence. Maxwell has repeatedly demonstrated that her primary concern is her own welfare, and that she is willing to harm others if it benefits her. She is quite capable of doing so once more. She will not hesitate to leave the country irrespective of whether others will be on the hook financially for her action
