# EFTA02409109

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Boris Nikolic (bgC3)|
|Sent|Tuesday, July 20, 2010 4:41 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation@gmail.com] From: Boris Nikolic (bgC3) Sent: Tue 7/20/2010 2:28:11 PM Subject: RE: Just arrived to london. Vienna was a blast. You must come to the life ball next year. There were many friends of yours from bill Clinton to kenneth cole. Right now rushing for a mtg w bill. How are you? Talk to you soon! boris Sent from my Samsung JackTm, a Windows Mobile® smartphone from AT&T From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, July 20, 2010 4:41 AM To: Boris Nikolic (bgC3) Subject: are you in lon

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epstein[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Boris Nikolic (bgC3) 
Sent: 
Tue 7/20/2010 2:28:11 PM 
Subject: RE: 
Just arrived to london. Vienna was a blast. You must come to the life ball next year. There were many 
friends of yours from bill Clinton to kenneth cole. 
Right now rushing for a mtg w bill. 
How are you? 
Talk to you soon! 
boris 
Sent from my Samsung JackTm, a Windows Mobile® smartphone from AT&T 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Tuesday, July 20, 2010 4:41 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic (bgC3) 
Subject: 
are you in london? , fun/? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to iceyacation0 wilail,coni, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01469107 
EFTA02409109

