# EFTA02414190

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Dinner Thursday|

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.compeevacationagmail.comi From: Peggy Siegal Sent Wed 12/1/2010 6:44:22 PM Subject: Dinner Thursday Title: Dinner Thursday I think we should invite a few more incase Charlie Rose does not come... Yes list: Andrew Jeffrey George Stephanopolous Ali Wentworth Woody Allen Soon-Yi Allen Charlie Rose- if he does not go to Duke to a 13B game, he is coming Katie Couric. She is asking Chelsea Handler and hf Brooks Perlin. She is trying to conic. If Chelsea says yes, they will come. Pending- but not likely

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.compeevacationagmail.comi 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Wed 12/1/2010 6:44:22 PM 
Subject: Dinner Thursday 
Title: Dinner Thursday 
I think we should invite a few more incase Charlie Rose does not come... 
Yes list: 
Andrew 
Jeffrey 
George Stephanopolous 
Ali Wentworth 
Woody Allen 
Soon-Yi Allen 
Charlie Rose- if he does not go to Duke to a 13B game, he is coming 
Katie Couric. She is asking Chelsea Handler and hf Brooks Perlin. She is trying to conic. If Chelsea says yes, they will 
come. 
Pending- but not likely 
Kate Winslet 
David Blaine- you arc 
asking 
No- not in town 
Barry Diller 
Annie Hathaway 
Philip Roth 
Rick Stengel 
Do you want me to invite more? 
Nora Ephron/Nick Pileggi 
Woody Johnson 
Tory Burch/Lyor Cohen 
Stephen DalcIty- did Billy Elliot, The Reader, The Hours...hilarious, smart 
Cynthia McFadden- nightline...she is great. 
EFTA_R1_0147708S 
EFTA02414190

