# EFTA02416436

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.corn]|
|To||
|Sent|Wednesday, December 01, 2010 12:12 PM|
|Subject|Re: Steve and Bills Burgers|

---

**[WORD]:** December 01, 2010 12:12 PM To: Subject: Re: Steve and Bills Burgers nest.. also confirm with leon On Wed, Dec 1, 2010 at 12:00 PM wrote: I confirmed with Steve Hanson that Leon Black will be at Bill's at 1:15 (Steve will have the table ready by 1:00) BUT, he randomly rec'd a phone call from Andrew Farkas also requesting a table at 1:00. Would you like for Farkas' table to be next to yours? Or do you prefer to be in a booth 3 tables away... ? What is your preference? *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidentia

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
rieevacationegmall.com] 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 12/1/2010 5:15:42 PM 
Subject: RE: Steve and Bill's Burgers 
Ok, I Will tell Steve to place you next to Farkas and I will confirm with Leon 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation©gmail.corn] 
Sent: Wednesday, December 01, 2010 12:12 PM 
To: 
Subject: Re: Steve and Bills Burgers 
nest.. also confirm with leon 
On Wed, Dec 1, 2010 at 12:00 PM 
wrote: 
I confirmed with Steve Hanson that Leon Black will be at Bill's at 1:15 (Steve will have the table 
ready by 1:00) BUT, he randomly rec'd a phone call from Andrew Farkas also requesting a table 
at 1:00. Would you like for Farkas' table to be next to yours? Or do you prefer to be in a booth 
3 tables away... ? What is your preference? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1480787 
EFTA02416436

