# EFTA02280952

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Hagen, Maddie|
|Sent|We nes ay, A ri 3 2019 2:36 PM|
|Subject|Jeffrey Fps ein|

---

**[WORD]:** rey Epstein ALF has lunch and dinner plans tomorrow and Friday. Any chance Jeffrey can meet on Friday after lunchtime. Say, 2pm? Might that work? Thank you, Maddie From Sent: We nes ay, A ri 3 2019 2:36 PM To: Hagen, Maddie Subject: Jeffrey Fps ein Hi Maddie! Jeffrey is in NY and asking if Andrew would like to come see him tomorrow, Thursday April 4 or Friday April 5...please let me know...below are some day/times that work: Thursday April 4• 8:30am Breakfast 12:00pm Lunch Any time after 5:30pm Friday April 5: 8:30am Breakfast EFTA_R1_01101511 EFTA02280952 I 2:30pm Lunch Anytime

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 4/3/2019 10:06:59 PM 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
ALF has lunch and dinner plans tomorrow and Friday. Any chance Jeffrey can meet on Friday after 
lunchtime. Say, 2pm? Might that work? 
Thank you, 
Maddie 
From 
Sent: We nes ay, A ri 3 2019 2:36 PM 
To: Hagen, Maddie 
Subject: Jeffrey Fps ein 
Hi Maddie! Jeffrey is in NY and asking if Andrew would like to come see him tomorrow, 
Thursday April 4 or Friday April 5...please let me know...below are some day/times that work: 
Thursday April 4• 
8:30am Breakfast 
12:00pm Lunch 
Any time after 5:30pm 
Friday April 5: 
8:30am Breakfast 
EFTA_R1_01101511 
EFTA02280952

I 2:30pm Lunch 
Anytime after 6pm 
Let me know! and if nothing above works, suggest something and we can see if we can make it 
work! 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use 
of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information 
that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure 
agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any 
information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its 
affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital 
Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01101512 
EFTA02280953

