# EFTA02326809

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: Monday, August 31, 2015 6:36 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: 10 E 102nd Street offices Thanks Eva, I did ask the pe=son in the building, he was the one who gave me the real estate number, but=he could not show me anything himself. I did not see the number o= the roof though, will check it out. Thank you! On Aug 31, 2015, at 2:32 PM, Eva

**[FULL]:** ubin Subject: Re: 10 E 102nd Street offices Thanks Eva, I did ask the pe=son in the building, he was the one who gave me the real estate number, but=he could not show me anything himself. I did not see the number o= the roof though, will check it out. Thank you! On Aug 31, 2015, at 2:32 PM, Eva Dubin Hi ote: I don't have the contact but the building has=a gigantic sign on the roof with the phone number to call. You can also just walk into the building and someone t=ere could show you space. I am not sure they have office space available. I have only looked at apartments in that building. <

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Monday, August 31, 2015 6:36 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 10 E 102nd Street offices 
Thanks Eva, 
I did ask the pe=son in the building, he was the one who gave me the real estate number, but=he could not show me 
anything himself. 
I did not see the number o= the roof though, will check it out. 
Thank you! 
On Aug 31, 2015, at 2:32 PM, Eva Dubin 
Hi 
ote: 
I don't have the contact but the building has=a gigantic sign on the roof with the phone number to call. 
You can also just walk into the building and someone t=ere could show you space. I am not sure they have office space 
available. I have only looked at apartments in that building. <=:p> 
Best, 
Eva 
> From 
> Subject: 1= E 102nd Street offices 
> Date: Sat 29 Au_• 2015 16:37:21 -040O 
&g=; To: 
> Hi Eva, 
> Jeffrey wanted me to see the office spaces for r=nt at the new mount sinai faculty practice building at 10 E 102nd 
Street. H=wever I am having trouble reaching their real estate division..Jeffrey sugg=sted I ask if you have any contacts 
with them by any chance? 
> Thank y=u! 
EFTA_R1_01248550 
EFTA02326809

2 
EFTA_R1_01248551 
EFTA02326810

