# EFTA02302808

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Karyna Shuliak < Sent: Monday, January 26, 2015 8:45 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: RE: Thank you so much Eva!!! </=iv> On Jan 26, 2015, at 2:56 PM, Eva Dubin < Hi Karyna, <mailto > wrote: I spoke to office. It4i=99s totally fine for to go in and do her pre-o a week before surgery. Please email or call Jillian mailto > / ) directly to set up the new ap

**[FULL]:** From: Karyna Shuliak < Sent: Monday, January 26, 2015 8:45 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: RE: Thank you so much Eva!!! </=iv> On Jan 26, 2015, at 2:56 PM, Eva Dubin < Hi Karyna, <mailto > wrote: I spoke to office. It4i=99s totally fine for to go in and do her pre-o a week before surgery. Please email or call Jillian mailto > / ) directly to set up the new appointment. Important to=remember is that two weeks before surgery she cannot take any IsISAID

**[FULL]:** t take any IsISAIDs (that includes Motrin, Advil and any othe= anti-inflammatory drugs), as well as aspirin of course or any other blood thinners, including f=sh oil. To resch=dule the appointment just email or call <mailto To: <mailto Thank you very much Eva! On Jan 25, 2015, at 10:46 AM, Eva Dubin < <=lockquote> ok I will check. Tell me her full name again . > wrote: EFTA_R1_01173658 EFTA02302808 > From: =d.com <mailto > Subject: Re: > Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -050= > To: <1=> > Thank you Eva! > O she has an appo=ntment with and a pre-op appointment with . On she is s

**[FULL]:** wrote: EFTA_R1_01173658 EFTA02302808 > From: =d.com <mailto > Subject: Re: > Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -050= > To: <1=> > Thank you Eva! > O she has an appo=ntment with and a pre-op appointment with . On she is scheduled for the surgery with &g=; » On Jan 25, 2015, at 10:12 AM, Eva Dubin «mailto > > wrote: > > > That is a long time Doesn't seem right. » Send=me the appts you have now and I will help you figure it out. > <=r>» Sent from my iPhone > > > » On Jan 25, 2=15, at 8:58 AM, Karyna Shuliak < wrote: >>> »&g=; Hi Eva, >>> > » Jeffrey suggested that I ask y=u this:

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Karyna Shuliak < 
Sent: 
Monday, January 26, 2015 8:45 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: RE: 
Thank you so much Eva!!! 
</=iv> 
On Jan 26, 2015, at 2:56 PM, Eva Dubin < 
Hi Karyna, 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
I spoke to office. 
It4i=99s totally fine for 
to go in and do her pre-o a week before surgery. 
Please email or call Jillian 
mailto 
> / 
) directly to set up the 
new appointment. Important to=remember is that two weeks before surgery she cannot take any IsISAIDs (that includes 
Motrin, Advil and any othe= anti-inflammatory drugs), as well as aspirin of course or any other blood thinners, including 
f=sh oil. 
To resch=dule the 
appointment just email or call 
<mailto 
To: 
<mailto 
Thank you very much Eva! 
On Jan 25, 2015, at 10:46 AM, Eva Dubin < 
<=lockquote> 
ok I will check. 
Tell me her full name again . 
> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01173658 
EFTA02302808

> From: 
=d.com <mailto 
> Subject: Re: 
> Date: Sun, 25 Jan 2015 10:23:43 -050= 
> To: 
<1=> 
> Thank you Eva! 
> O 
she has an appo=ntment with 
and a pre-op appointment with
. On 
she is scheduled for the surgery with 
&g=; 
» On Jan 25, 2015, at 10:12 AM, Eva Dubin «mailto 
> 
> wrote: 
> > > That is a long time 
Doesn't seem right. 
» Send=me the appts you have now and I will help you figure it out. 
> <=r>» Sent from my iPhone 
> > 
> » On Jan 25, 2=15, at 8:58 AM, Karyna Shuliak < 
wrote: 
>>> 
»&g=; Hi Eva, 
>>> 
> » Jeffrey suggested that I ask y=u this: does it seem normal that the pre-operative appointment with the pla=tic 
surgeon fors 
2 weeks before the first surgery in order for h=r to get a medical clearance? Jeffrey thinks 2 
weeks seem like a long time f=r that or is it how it is usually done? 
>>> 
>» T=ank you for your time! 
>>> 
> » Karyna. 
> > 
2 
EFTA_R1_01173659 
EFTA02302809

