# EFTA02415448

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeyacation@gmail.com]|
|To|The Duke|
|Sent|29 October 2010 16:10|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** Epsteinljeevacation@gmailcom] From: The Duke Sent Tue 11/2/2010 9:39:29 AM Subject RE: Sadly never got the chance to see Hamad before they left. I don't have his direct contact details so have not been able to mark his card for you. But I know the message has been passed to ABZ. A HRH The Duke of York KG From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeyacation@gmail.com] Sent: 29 October 2010 16:10 To: The Duke Subject: I know that sheik hamad, was just there should punch my card, with him you can also tell him that he is my neighbor in new york, and Alberto Pinto also did my house. he is good friends wi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinljeevacation@gmailcom] 
From: 
The Duke 
Sent 
Tue 11/2/2010 9:39:29 AM 
Subject RE: 
Sadly never got the chance to see Hamad before they left. I don't have his direct 
contact details so have not been able to mark his card for you. But I know the 
message has been passed to ABZ. 
A 
HRH The Duke of York KG 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: 29 October 2010 16:10 
To: The Duke 
Subject: 
I know that sheik hamad, was just there should punch my card, with him you can also tell him 
that he is my neighbor in new york, and Alberto Pinto also did my house. he is good friends with 
alberto, whose dog ws a present from me, hamad knows well 
** ************ 
**** ********** 
* ****** ** ****** **************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01478918 
EFTA02415448

