# EFTA00025109 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Page 7 of 13 42. In approximately the summer of 2002, Epstein flew and her sister to his ranch in New Mexico. felt no reason to be wary of Epstein. He had been kind in their first meeting and had acted with generosity towards her. 43. When got to Epstein's ranch, Epstein's close associates Ghislaine Maxwell and were there. Maxwell asked questions about herself and took her horseback riding. invited to go swimming. 44. After swam, Epstein asked her to go into a massage room along with began massaging Epstein, and innocently joined in, as she had when her sister massaged Epstein's fe

### Match 2
> the summer of 2002, Epstein flew and her sister to his ranch in New Mexico. felt no reason to be wary of Epstein. He had been kind in their first meeting and had acted with generosity towards her. 43. When got to Epstein's ranch, Epstein's close associates Ghislaine Maxwell and were there. Maxwell asked questions about herself and took her horseback riding. invited to go swimming. 44. After swam, Epstein asked her to go into a massage room along with began massaging Epstein, and innocently joined in, as she had when her sister massaged Epstein's feet the first time. 45. At that p

### Match 3
> nk about was trying to survive. Her body froze up, and she began crying. 54. After semester in Madrid, she had no home and no job. Instead, Epstein brought her to live a nomadic lifestyle in his close orbit. traveled around the country with Epstein and his entourage, which generally included Maxwell, =, and others. Virtually every few days, Epstein would bring to a different home of his, including his Manhattan townhouse and throughout the country, where he continued to sexually assault her on a frequent basis. Epstein regularly used his private planes to traffic into various locations
