# EFTA02516685

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** 2014 3:42 PM To: A. de Rothschild Subject: Re: if you have a moment either before or after dinner lets sp=ak? On =ed, Oct 1, 2014 at 11:39 AM, A. de Rothschild <ader@aderfam.ch> wrote: Yes got =ack lyesterday . Many meetings today and will have dinner with Ban Ki moon=tonight . Do you know Prince Andrew ? If yes, will tell you when in Paris.=Israel was intense as usual . Ehen are you arriving ? Sent from my =Phone On 1 oct. 2014, at 13:10, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>=wrote: are yo= back? =AO please note The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 1, 2014 3:42 PM 
To: 
A. de Rothschild 
Subject: 
Re: 
if you have a moment either before or after dinner lets sp=ak? 
On =ed, Oct 1, 2014 at 11:39 AM, A. de Rothschild <ader@aderfam.ch> wrote: 
Yes got =ack lyesterday . Many meetings today and will have dinner with Ban Ki moon=tonight . Do you know 
Prince Andrew ? If yes, will tell you when in Paris.=Israel was intense as usual . Ehen are you arriving ? 
Sent from my =Phone 
On 1 oct. 2014, at 13:10, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>=wrote: 
are yo= back? 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use =f the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclos=re or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication =n error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to =a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" 
target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01651732 
EFTA02516685

The information contained in this communication is confidential, =ay be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside 
information, an= is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property °DEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
copying of this communication o= any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you ha=e received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by=br>return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communicat=on and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
copyright -all ri=hts reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01651733 
EFTA02516686

