# EFTA02731465 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet12
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> en the old president! They will get you. He should have been thinking of Chelsea! Gross! In a plane on a yacht in NY, in DC, at the vineyard. On the island. In palm beach. It doesnt matter. Disgusting pigs like Allen Douschewitz and Mr. Caruthers and even Mr. Islam will hurt you especially if Ghislaine is busy or not with you! CONFIDENTIAL EFTA02731467 CONFIDENTIAL FOR ATTORNEY'S EYES ONLY DO NOT COPY I feel broken and exhausted. I am so fucking tired of this sick and twisted "game" that is causing such physical and emotional pain! CONFIDENTIAL EFTA02731468 CONFIDENTIAL FOR ATTORNEY'S E

### Match 2
> AL FOR ATTORNEY'S EYES ONLY DO NOT COPY I think I'm going to break! Why would they all allow Mr. Leonsis wait this long? Why would he bring a friend and make a video? I am so broken and the procedure was so painful and blood all over the sheets. I cant play this "game" anymore. I have to ask Ghislaine for help. If anyone can make it stop it would be her? She was so scared because I got so sick and was burning up with a fever. She put me in freezing cold shower! I cant do this! Mr. Rails and Mr. Ein [clipping: blood on their hands] but so does Jeffrey and Mr. Jacobson. Mr. Conway Mr. vrade

### Match 3
> Jeffrey and Mr. Jacobson. Mr. Conway Mr. vradenberg and Bill s. All of them who dont care if this happens! CONFIDENTIAL EFTA02731470 CONFIDENTIAL FOR ATTORNEY'S EYES ONLY DO NOT COPY The game stopped but not in a way I thought. I did not have to go with anyone except Jeffrey and now he and Ghislaine are fighting because I am now over 20 weeks with a baby we are certain is his and I had to go to the Bahamas like this! And for some reason no plan has been made because he does not want a procedure and she does and I am certain this is time critical but they won't stop fighting! I do not want

### Match 4
> made because he does not want a procedure and she does and I am certain this is time critical but they won't stop fighting! I do not want to be tied to Jeffrey for the rest of my life! playing the piano well is not a good reason to think someone has good genes or should have a baby! What about Ghislaine? I am too young and he is too old! Why is no one doing anything! I dont understand! I dont want this! I dont want another painful procedure but I do not want this! [under clippings of AOL, Stay Alert...] That company does not protect kids! They use it to find us! And they are everywhere!
