# EFTA02588274

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, September 13, 2014 11:40 AM To: Eva Dubin; did you guys have fun yesterday? r e earrings = always found that the best way was to go to a costume jewlery store for 3= mnutes , try on colors styles types. and that fors a good base. =AO please note The information conta=ned in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, September 13, 2014 11:40 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin; 
did you guys have fun yesterday? r e earrings = always found that the best way was to go to a costume jewlery store for 
3= mnutes , try on colors styles types. and that fors a good base. 
=AO 
please note 
The information conta=ned in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privi=eged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for th= use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
d=sclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strict=y prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communic=tion in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-ma=l to 
jeevacatio=@gmail.com <mailtoieevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies 
thereof,<=r>including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--089e013c60baa1b2300502f0dcd2-- conversation-id 300734 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1410608400 flags 
8590195717 remote-id 438781 
EFTA_R1_01769167 
EFTA02588274

