# EFTA00020952 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Robert Lewis
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, July 25, 2019 14:11
- **Subject:** Epstein --

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> we agreed that you could. Although you have not contacted Mr. = I thought you should know about some recent developments. For the last week or so the New York Times (Mike McIntire) has been aggressively reaching out to Mr. =, Jesse Rose this employment lawyer) and me (who represented him in the Maxwell case) by email and hone, as well comiaiMr. home twice. He is seeking our comments and information concerning the and Mr. testimony in the Maxwell case. According to McIntire, the Times is planning to run story on the and their ties to Epstein. It also appears that the Times has a copy of all

### Match 2
> he New York Times (Mike McIntire) has been aggressively reaching out to Mr. =, Jesse Rose this employment lawyer) and me (who represented him in the Maxwell case) by email and hone, as well comiaiMr. home twice. He is seeking our comments and information concerning the and Mr. testimony in the Maxwell case. According to McIntire, the Times is planning to run story on the and their ties to Epstein. It also appears that the Times has a copy of all or a portion of the deposition Mr. gave in the Maxwell case, which is troubling because it was subject to confidentiality in that case and, althoug

### Match 3
> e twice. He is seeking our comments and information concerning the and Mr. testimony in the Maxwell case. According to McIntire, the Times is planning to run story on the and their ties to Epstein. It also appears that the Times has a copy of all or a portion of the deposition Mr. gave in the Maxwell case, which is troubling because it was subject to confidentiality in that case and, although the Second Circuit has ordered the unsealing of the summary judgment papers (which likely include references to Mr. deposition testimony), no mandate has issued or documents been unsealed. In addition

### Match 4
> , Mr. destroyed all of the documents he possessed pertaining to the , which might corroborate some of his testimony, We have rebuffed the Times' entreaties because of confidentiality obligations has pursuant to a settlement agreement in the employment case and the confidentiality order in the Maxwell case, as well as his desire to EFTA00020952 avoid doing anything that would undermine your criminal prosecution. Should you need or want a copy of Mr. deposition transcript in the Maxwell case, we would provide it to you pursuant to subpoena. If you wish to discuss these matters, please do no

### Match 5
> ations has pursuant to a settlement agreement in the employment case and the confidentiality order in the Maxwell case, as well as his desire to EFTA00020952 avoid doing anything that would undermine your criminal prosecution. Should you need or want a copy of Mr. deposition transcript in the Maxwell case, we would provide it to you pursuant to subpoena. If you wish to discuss these matters, please do not hesitate to call. Best regards, Bob Lewis I I ROBERT Y. LEWIS Cell: I Direct Tel: I Fax: wvm.freemanlewis.com CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: The information contained in this message and
