# EFTA02342111

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** =x2sv2B2c25M9k7GFXeSkhoXN_ETwpwoc+Wf@mail.gmail.com> Subject: From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: dvycit Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary16363b842663255f04963976a1 --0016363b842663255f04963976a1 Content-Type: text/plain; charset=O-8859-1 are you coming thiis week.. Prince Andrew is staying with me, lets meet ••* ***** ** ************ ***** ******** ••••• ******* •••• ***** ***** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is

**[FULL]:** mmediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. --0016363b842663255f04963976a 1 Content-Type: text/html; charset=O-8859-1 Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable are you coming thiis week.. Prince Andrew is staying with me, lets meetar clear="all"><br>-- <br> = br>The information contained in this communication is<br>confi=ential, may be attorney-client privileged, may<br> constitute inside information, and is intended only for<br>the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of<br>leffrey E

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Monday, November 29, 2010 11:19 PM 
Re: Tom Barrack dinner thurs? 
Both ok 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 29, 2010, at 6:17 PM, 
wrote: 
> I am wondering if this "yes" is actually ok'ing Valerie Post wed at 
> 6:30??= (You had already said yes to Tom Barrack coming to dinner with 
> Woody Allen=and Soon-yi ok...) 
>  
Original Message 
> From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
> To 
> Sent: Mon Nov 29 16:21:08 2010 
> Subject: Re: Tom Barrack dinner thurs? 
> yes 
> On Mon, Nov 29, 2010 at 4:12 PM 
wrote: 
> Great thanks 
> From: Jeffrey Epstein lmailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
> Sent: Monda , November 29, 2010 4:12 PM 
> To: 
> Subject: Re: Tom Barrack dinner thurs? 
> yes 
> On Mon, Nov 29, 2010 at 4:10 PM,
 wrot=: 
> I have contacted Tom Barrack's office a few times via email 
> and=phone calls, but am still waiting to hear back re Tom coming for 
> dinner Thu=s. Dec. 2nd...the same night Peggy has Woody Allen and 
> Soon-Yi lined u= to come for dinner... 
EFTA_R1_01308750 
EFTA02342111

> (just want to make sure-Will it be ok for Torn to join the dinner on 
> Thu=s. Dec. 2nd with Woody and Soon-Yi?) 
> --
> ********* ******* ***** ****** •••• ********* • *********** * ****** 
> The information contained in this communication is 
> confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
> constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
> the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein 
> Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
> and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
> communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
> return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
> including all attachments. 
> --
>  
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and 
> is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
> Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
> unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please 
> notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
> jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies 
> thereof, including all attachments. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1291072762</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>21</integer> 
</array> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01308751 
EFTA02342112

<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>2176 
MIME-Version: 1.0 
Received: by 10.90.144.9 with HTTP; Mon, 29 Nov 2010 15:30:50 -0800 (PST) 
Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2010 18:30:50 -0500 
Delivered-To: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Message-ID: <AANLkTi=x2sv2B2c25M9k7GFXeSkhoXN_ETwpwoc+Wf@mail.gmail.com> 
Subject: 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: dvycit 
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary16363b842663255f04963976a1 
--0016363b842663255f04963976a1 
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=O-8859-1 
are you coming thiis week.. Prince Andrew is staying with me, lets meet 
••* ***** ** ************ ***** ******** ••••• ******* •••• ***** ***** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
--0016363b842663255f04963976a 1 
Content-Type: text/html; charset=O-8859-1 
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable 
are you coming thiis week.. Prince Andrew is staying with me, lets meetar clear="all"><br>--
<br> 
= 
br>The information contained in this 
communication is<br>confi=ential, may be attorney-client privileged, may<br> constitute inside information, and is 
intended only for<br>the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of<br>leffrey Epstein <br>Unauthorized use, di=closure 
or copying of this<br>communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited<br> and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this<br>communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by<br>return e-mail or by e-mail to <a 
href="=ailto:jeevacation@gmail.com">jeevacation@gmail.com</a>, and<br>destroy thi= communication and all copies 
thereot<br> including all attachments.<br> 
--0016363b842663255f04963976a1--<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 
1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1291073450</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>21</integer> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01308752 
EFTA02342113

</array> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%58Gmail%50/A11%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>119261</string> 
</clic> 
</plist> 
4 
EFTA_R1_01308753 
EFTA02342114

