# EFTA00018560 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: [EXTERNAL] Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-506

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM To: Cc: >, Christian Everdell Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-506 Date: Thu, 21 Oct 2021 12:41:20 +0000 Thank you. BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged. If you are not the intended

### Match 2
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM To: Cc: >, Christian Everdell Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-506 Date: Thu, 21 Oct 2021 12:41:20 +0000 Thank you. BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim that may be confidential and/or privileged. If you are not the

### Match 3
> 21, 2021, at 8:27 AM, Good morning Bobbi, The staff was made aware yesterday afternoon, and we are all set. Best, > wrote: BOBBI C STERNHEIM > 10/20/2021 3:18 PM >» Good afternoon- A telephonic court conference will be held tomorrow at noon. Please confirm that arrangements are in place for Ms. Maxwell's participation. Please contact me with any questions. Thank you- Bobbi Please note my new office address and preferred email address: EFTA00018560 BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Robb' C. Sternheim This message and any attached documents contain information from the Law Offices of
