# EFTA02512598

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, January 11, 2015 6:34 PM To: Lang, Caroline Subject: Re: Are you ok? Fine , bad press only thnks On Sunday, January 11, 2015, Lan , Carol=ne < <mailto > wrote: Hi Jeffrey, Are you alright? There is a bad article on Prince Andrew in Paris Match mag=zine of this week which I guess you are aware. Give me some news Caroline =C2 please note The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addresse=

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, January 11, 2015 6:34 PM 
To: 
Lang, Caroline 
Subject: 
Re: Are you ok? 
Fine , bad press only thnks 
On Sunday, January 11, 2015, Lan , Carol=ne < 
<mailto 
> wrote: 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Are you alright? There is a bad article on Prince Andrew in Paris Match mag=zine of this week which I guess you 
are aware. 
Give me some news 
Caroline 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addresse=. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying =f this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and =ay be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and<=r>destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all atta=hments. copyright 
-all rights reserved 
--047d7bdcaccedfa2a4050c64a17b-- conversation-id 128489 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1421001235 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 472259 
EFTA_R1_01645465 
EFTA02512598

