# EFTA02320031

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Feierstein, Kimberly|
|Sent|Monday, December 06, 2010 2:28 PM|
|Subject|Re: Christmas|

---

**[FULL]:** 367820.2356658.2360703> here are a few suggestions: - 2 pairs Butter Sweatpants (in size for her age) -Japanese tea set - Ballet flats - she wears size 3 -flat Adidas soccer shoes for indoor play 9menaing no cleats)-size 3 •TBD Original Message Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 3:58 PM To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, Kimberly Subject: Christmas Just wondering if you could give some insight on Christmas present ideas for I'm looking for speakers forte room and bathroom for her present. Any input would be greatly appreciated. Thank you! 4 EFTA_R1_01229040 EFTA02320034 This e-mail message is

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Monday, December 6, 2010 9:35 PM 
To: 
Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: 
Re: Christmas 
The sales people at Adidas are obviousl= extremely un-knowledgable 
On Dec 6, 2010, at 3:41 PM, "Feiers=ein, Kimberl " <ki=berl 
They definitely make them without cleats 
<http://www.modells.com/product/index.jsp?productld=3D22251&CAWELAID=102008737> 
http://www.modells.cogproduct/index.jsp?productld=22251&CAWELAID= 102008737 
<http://www.modells.com/product=index.jsp?productld=22251&CAWELAID=102008737> <=o:p> 
From: 
Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 3:21 PM 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Re: Christmas 
Than you. I also have s=meone at adidas store right now looking at soccer shoes. They only make them with cleats. 
Should we just get her a pair of Adidas tennis shoes? 
On Dec 6, 2010, at 3:19 PM, "Feierstein, Kimberly" 
The answer is kids large. 
Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 2:28 PM 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Re: Christmas 
EFTA_R1_01229037 
EFTA02320031

We are getting the Adidas soccer shoes and I'm looking at the Butter sweatpants=as well. can you please let me 
know what size is best for the sweats? they sell=for adults and children. I'm not sure how kid's sizing works? 
<image001.jpg> 
On Dec 6, 2010, at 2:16 PM, Feierstein, Kimberly wrote: 
I.
What about for 
Any idea what he is getting for MI 
I want to give away the other gift ideas to 
someone else. Thanks. 
Fro 
Sen 
„ 
. 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Re: Christmas 
thank you..l'm looking for speakers for her from JE 
On Dec 6, 2010, at 1:34 PM, Feierstein, Kimberly wrote: 
Change of plans...One of 
grandparents are going to give her the sunglasses= 
 
Original Message 
From: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 9:15 AM 
Subject: RE: Christmas 
Actually... 
said Jeffrey was getting her speakers? She wants to make sure she gets=the sunglasses 
so I can have one of her gran parents get them for her unless=he does need more gift ideas for her. Let me know. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01229038 
EFTA02320032

 
Original Message 
From: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Sent: Monday, December 06, 2010 9:02 AM 
u je : 
: Gnnstmas 
Sunglasses (the Haviana ones) - <http://www.gooddens.com/pd-ray-ban-sunglasse=-rb4125-cats-S000-
mens.cfm> http://www.gooddens.com/pd-ray-ban-sung=asses-rb4125-cats-S000-mens.cfm 
<http://Www.gooddens.com/pd-ray-ban-s=nglasses-rb4125-cats-S000-mens.cfm> 
She also said gifts cards to stores such as - Bloomingdales, Olive Bette, Victor=a Secret 
Original Message 
Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 4:32 PM 
To: Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Re: Christmas 
Thank you! I will forward this to Sue as well. I had asked her to help me with ide=s and in buying Xmas 
presents, so it's a joint effort! 
On Dec 3, 2010, at 4:28 PM, "Feierstein, Kimberly" 
Hi 
I totally had this answer for you earlier, but I didn't have a chance to send yet. Also, 
Eva originally had me sending it to Susan. Do I need to send to her as well? 
3 
EFTA_R1_01229039 
EFTA02320033

J.- 
he would love to get 5-10 of the balls in the link below. They are f=r a machine. 
<http://www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?produ=tld=3700676&cp=2367438.2367820.2356658.2 
360703> 
http://www.dickssportinggoods.com/product/inde=.jsp?productld=3700676&cp=2367438.2367820.2356658.2360703 
<http://w=w.dickssportinggoods.com/product/index.jsp?productld=3700676&cp=236=438.2367820.2356658.2360703> 
here are a few suggestions: 
- 2 pairs Butter Sweatpants (in size for her age) 
-Japanese tea set 
- Ballet flats - she wears size 3 
-flat Adidas soccer shoes for indoor play 9menaing no cleats)-size 3 
•TBD 
 
Original Message 
Sent: Friday, December 03, 2010 3:58 PM 
To: Eva Andersson; Feierstein, Kimberly 
Subject: Christmas 
Just wondering if you could give some insight on Christmas present ideas for 
I'm looking for speakers forte 
room and bathroom for her present. Any input would be greatly appreciated. 
Thank you! 
4 
EFTA_R1_01229040 
EFTA02320034

This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain 
confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you a=e hereby notified that any dissemination, 
distribution or copying of this e-ma=l and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-ma=l in 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail an= delete the message and any attachment(s) 
from your system. Thank you.</=:p> 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential 
information. If you are not the intended recipient you a=e hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or 
copying of this e-ma=l and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-ma=l in error, please 
immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail an= delete the message and any attachment(s) from your 
system. Thank you.</=:p> 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It ma= contain confidential information. 
If you are not the intended recipient you are here=y notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-
mail and a=y attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the 
sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you.</=:p> 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It=may contain confidential information. 
If you are not the intended recipient y=u are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-
mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received th=s e-mail in error, please immediately notify the 
sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It m=y contain confidential information. If you 
are not the intended recipient y=u are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of th=s e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received=this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender 
by replying to t=is e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Th=nk you. 
5 
EFTA_R1_01229041 
EFTA02320035

6 
EFTA_R1_01229042 
EFTA02320036

