# EFTA02297276

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: highbridge

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** Re: iPhones Ok thanks. I've already purchased them all. Will let JE know and can return Maya's phone. On Dec 12, 2011, at 3:40 PM, "Feierstein, Kimberly" <kimberly.feierstein@highbridge.com <mailto:kimberly.feierstein@highbridge.com> wrote: Hi ladies, Eva said that Jeffrey planned to get all 3 Dubin kids an iPhone 4S. She wants him to know that Maya has the iPhone4 so the 4S is unnecessary. She said she has a pair of shoes that she bought for Maya that she will say are from Jeffrey. Thanks. Kim This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidenti

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sarah K < 
Sent: 
Monday, December 12, 2011 8:42 PM 
To: 
Feierstein, Kimberly 
Cc: 
Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Re: iPhones 
Ok thanks. I've already purchased them all. Will let JE know and can return Maya's phone. 
On Dec 12, 2011, at 3:40 PM, "Feierstein, Kimberly" <kimberly.feierstein@highbridge.com 
<mailto:kimberly.feierstein@highbridge.com> wrote: 
Hi ladies, 
Eva said that Jeffrey planned to get all 3 Dubin kids an iPhone 4S. She wants him to know that Maya has the 
iPhone4 so the 4S is unnecessary. She said she has a pair of shoes that she bought for Maya that she will say are from 
Jeffrey. Thanks. 
Kim 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may contain confidential information. 
If you are not the intended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-
mail and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the 
sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01159552 
EFTA02297276

