# EFTA02674204

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff MIMM> Sent: Monday, August 19, 2013 1:59 PM To: Jefffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: Dubin Breast Center Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon & Symposium Attachments: image001.png; Untitled attachment 00408.htm; Fact vs Fiction Seating Form_FINAL.pdf; Untitled attachment 00411.htm Please see below and advise =nswers... All of us at the Dubin Breast Center are gearing up for =ur September 30th

**[WORD]:** 2013 1:59 PM To: Jefffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: Dubin Breast Center Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon & Symposium Attachments: image001.png; Untitled attachment 00408.htm; Fact vs Fiction Seating Form_FINAL.pdf; Untitled attachment 00411.htm Please see below and advise =nswers... All of us at the Dubin Breast Center are gearing up for =ur September 30th Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon =amp; Symposium. We're thrilled and honored by Jeffrey's =upport of the event this year—it's deeply =ppreciated! I'm hoping that you can help us =oordinate: 1) Seating—Eva =entioned to us that he would be seating one

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lesley Groff MIMM> 
Sent: 
Monday, August 19, 2013 1:59 PM 
To: 
Jefffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: Dubin Breast Center Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon & Symposium 
Attachments: 
image001.png; Untitled attachment 00408.htm; Fact vs Fiction Seating 
Form_FINAL.pdf; Untitled attachment 00411.htm 
Please see below and advise =nswers... 
All of us at the Dubin Breast Center are gearing up for =ur September 30th Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon =amp; 
Symposium. We're thrilled and honored by Jeffrey's =upport of the event this year—it's deeply =ppreciated! 
I'm hoping that you can help us =oordinate: 
1) 
Seating—Eva =entioned to us that he would be seating one table with his =uests. Is that right? I have 
attached a seating reply =orm. Kindly return it to our office before Friday, September =3th. 
In the meantime, if you have any questions or need any =urther information, please do not hesitate to contact 
=e. 
All my =est, 
Gretchen 
1 
EFTA_R1_01954470 
EFTA02674204

