# EFTA02383799

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: McCaffrey, Carlyn Sent: Wednesday, April 24, 2013 10:25 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: RE: Thanks. I had a goo= conversation with your friend Andrew Farkas yesterday.<=p> <=p> =arlyn S. McCaffrey I Partner McDermott Will & Emery LLP 1340 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10=73 <http://www.mwe.com> <=p> How about this evening when I arrive in Boston at 6:40pm? Sen= from my iPhone On Jan 12, 2015, at 12:11, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.=om <m

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
McCaffrey, Carlyn 
Sent: 
Wednesday, April 24, 2013 10:25 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
RE: 
Thanks. I had a goo= conversation with your friend Andrew Farkas yesterday.<=p> 
<=p> 
=arlyn S. McCaffrey I Partner 
McDermott Will & Emery LLP 1340 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10=73 
<http://www.mwe.com> 
<=p> 
How about this evening when I arrive in Boston at 6:40pm? 
Sen= from my iPhone 
On Jan 12, 2015, at 12:11, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.=om <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
time 
A =C2 AA A AA please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e=mail to jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
EFTA_R1_01400803 
EFTA02383799

A A A A =C2 A A please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
c=nstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or co=ying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error =please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--047d7bfd0886ba8ba4050c799e0a-- date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1421091377 flags 8590195713 gmail-label-ids 21 
18 remote-id 472563 
2 
EFTA_R1_01400804 
EFTA02383800

