# EFTA02523518

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** t: Thursday, February 22, 2018 7:39 PM To: Vincenzo lozzo Subject: Re: Gates family office no, it is micjhael larson On Thu, Feb 22, 2018 at 1:4= PM, Hello,=C2* <=iv class="gmail_extra"> > wrote: Anyway, I I-=;m looking at potentially investing into a company called Rubica and appar=ntly Bill Gates' family office is leading the round. Do I remember cor=ectly that you know the person that runs that? If so, any chance I can tal= to him about this company? Thank you, Vincenzo 40=A0 please note The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privile

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, February 22, 2018 7:39 PM To: Vincenzo lozzo Subject: Re: Gates family office no, it is micjhael larson On Thu, Feb 22, 2018 at 1:4= PM, Hello,=C2* <=iv class="gmail_extra"> > wrote: Anyway, I I-=;m looking at potentially investing into a company called Rubica and appar=ntly Bill Gates' family office is leading the round. Do I remember cor=ectly that you

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, February 22, 2018 7:39 PM 
To: 
Vincenzo lozzo 
Subject: 
Re: Gates family office 
no, it is micjhael larson 
On Thu, Feb 22, 2018 at 1:4= PM, 
Hello,=C2* 
<=iv class="gmail_extra"> 
> wrote: 
Anyway, I I-=;m looking at potentially investing into a company called Rubica and appar=ntly Bill Gates' family office is 
leading the round. Do I remember cor=ectly that you know the person that runs that? If so, any chance I can tal= to him 
about this company? 
Thank you, 
Vincenzo 
40=A0 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use =f the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclos=re or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication =n error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to =a hrefemailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--94eb2c11f4965df0590565d231f8-- conversation-id 14735 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1519328329 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 797455 
EFTA_R1_01662147 
EFTA02523518

