# EFTA02645764

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>Richard Kahn|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>Fwd: =pdate|

---

**[WORD]:** .theverge.com/2017/7/6/15931080/jawbone-going-out-of=business-report Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 tel fa cel Begin forwarded message: From: Richard Kahn a Subject: Re: Update Date: July 6, 2017 at 8:37:00 PM EDT To: Hosain Rahman Cc: Andrew Lindsay free now thru 7pm =acific time thanks Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 t elx= fa cel On Jul 6, 2017, at 6:59 PM, Hosain Rahman < =wrote: 2 EFTA_R1_01882344 EFTA02645765 Does 5pm pacific work? Someone leaked the info after we

**[WORD]:** 58 PM, Richard Kahn cmailtc > wrote: do you have time tonight for a few more =uestions? if so please advise on best =iming thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor New York NY 10022 to fa ce On Jul 6, 2017, at 2:31 PM, Hosain Rahman •: •=wrote: Hi can Andrew and I call you at 12:45 pacific =ime? <mailt° On Jul 6, 2017, at 11:28 =M, Richard Kahn < > wrote: jeffrey is traveling and unable to =peak please advise when i can call you and best =umber for obtaining update thank =ou Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor New

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn < 
Sent: 
Friday, July 7, 2017 1:01 AM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: Update 
just spoke with hosain 
he says it is unfortunate that you will go legal route and =eel this way i said that you left us in no other =osition by 
stripping company of IP and forming new company and that =his was not something that happened overnight.. 
he said he tried to salvage company by =iring Sherwood Partners but it was not successful i =aid where is 
communication if your last call with JEE was in Feb 2017 - =ot right... i said it would be easier to =ettle with us than for us 
to be part of a lawsuit with all =hareholders 
he said that he would speak with his counsel and come back to =e i said we should try to work something out =efore this 
gets ugly and i am always available to talk.. 
a few other =inks.. 
https://techcrunch.com/2017/07/06/jawbone-is-being-liquidated-a=-its-ceo-launches-a-related-health-
startup/?ncid=rss 
http://www.businessinsider.com/jawbone-shutting-down-liquidatin=-assets-2017-7 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>Richard Kahn 
Subject: =/b>Fwd: =pdate 
Date: =/b>July 6, 2017 at 8:37:25 PM =DT 
EFTA_R1_01882343 
EFTA02645764

To: =/b>"jeffrey E." 
https://www.theverge.com/2017/7/6/15931080/jawbone-going-out-of=business-report 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel
fa
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: Richard Kahn a 
Subject: Re: Update 
Date: July 6, 2017 at 8:37:00 PM EDT 
To: Hosain Rahman 
Cc: Andrew Lindsay 
free now thru 7pm =acific time 
thanks 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
t elx= 
fa 
cel 
On Jul 6, 2017, at 6:59 PM, Hosain Rahman < 
=wrote: 
2 
EFTA_R1_01882344 
EFTA02645765

Does 5pm pacific work? Someone leaked the info after we spoke =nd it's been a bit of a mess. 
Sucks as we just started to talking to =olks today... 
On Jul 6, 2017, at =:58 PM, Richard Kahn 
cmailtc 
> wrote: 
do you have time tonight for a few more =uestions? 
if so please advise on best =iming 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York NY 10022 
to 
fa 
ce 
On Jul 6, 2017, at 2:31 PM, Hosain Rahman •:
•=wrote: 
Hi can Andrew and I call you at 12:45 pacific =ime? 
<mailt°
On Jul 6, 2017, at 11:28 =M, Richard Kahn < 
> wrote: 
jeffrey is traveling and unable to =peak 
please advise when i can call you and best =umber for obtaining update 
thank =ou 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 =exington Avenue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
tel= 
fa 
cel 
3 
EFTA_R1_01882345 
EFTA02645766

Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: =/b>Fwd: Update 
Date: =/b>July 6, 2017 at 2:16:19 PM EDT 
To: qb>Richard Kah 
 
Forwarded message = 
From: Hosain =ahman 
Date: Thu, =ul 6, 2017 at 8:15 PM 
Subject: Update 
To: =effrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Do you have a few min to chat? I wanted to update you on =hings. Let 
me know and thanks. 
please note 
The information contained in this =ommunication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client =rivileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is =ntended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the =roperty of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure =r copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have =eceived this 
communication in error, please notify us =mmediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this =ommunication and all copies thereof, 
including all =ttachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01882346 
EFTA02645767

5 
EFTA_R1_01882347 
EFTA02645768

