# EFTA02394592

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Daphne Wallace sci l Sent: Tuesday, February 21, 2017 7:28 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: Re: Andrew Farkas - - February 21, 2017 Greetings Sir, Jill has added the call =n Friday, February 24th, between 1 and 1:30 pm New York time to Mr. Farkas=t$39; schedule. Respectfully, Daphne </=iv> On Tue, Feb 2=, 2017 at 2:22 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com cmailto:jeev=cation@gmail.com» w=ote:

**[WORD]:** Friday, February 24th, between 1 and 1:30 pm New York time to Mr. Farkas=t$39; schedule. Respectfully, Daphne </=iv> On Tue, Feb 2=, 2017 at 2:22 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com cmailto:jeev=cation@gmail.com» w=ote: friday On Tue, Feb 21, 2017 at 6:32 PM, Daphne Wallace wrote: Jill, Mr. Andrew Farkas' assis=ant, called the STC office. Mr. Farkas would like to schedule a quic= 5 to 10 minute phone meeting with you. Mr. Farka= can be available on Thursday, February 23rd at 3:30 pm, or Friday, Februa=y 24th between 1 and 2 pm. Respectfully su=mitted, Daphne please note The informatio

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Daphne Wallace sci
l 
Sent: 
Tuesday, February 21, 2017 7:28 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: Andrew Farkas - 
- February 21, 2017 
Greetings Sir, 
Jill has added the call =n Friday, February 24th, between 1 and 1:30 pm New York time to Mr. Farkas=t$39; schedule. 
Respectfully, Daphne 
</=iv> 
On Tue, Feb 2=, 2017 at 2:22 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com cmailto:jeev=cation@gmail.com» w=ote: 
friday 
On Tue, Feb 21, 2017 at 6:32 PM, Daphne Wallace 
wrote:
Jill, Mr. Andrew Farkas' assis=ant, called the STC office. Mr. Farkas would like to schedule a quic= 5 to 
10 minute phone meeting with you. 
Mr. Farka= can be available on Thursday, February 23rd at 3:30 pm, or Friday, Februa=y 24th between 1 
and 2 pm. 
Respectfully su=mitted, 
Daphne 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, m=y be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and=is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or=any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you hav= received this 
EFTA_R1_01424065 
EFTA02394592

communication in error, please notify us immediately by<=r>return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communicati=n and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rig=ts reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01424066 
EFTA02394593

