# EFTA02413557

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york, minor

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|An|
|To|Alexa N.|
|Sent|Thu Dec 02 22: :|
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[WORD]:** code to 3D using efficient adaptive mesh refinement on massively parallel computers to simulate black hole mergers at very high resolution. I am on sabbatical at Harvard this coming semester. But I will stay in touch with the application process. Good luck with your application. Best Wishes, Andrew On Thu, Dec 2, 2010 at 10:12 PM, Alexa N. Staley •;: . wrote: > Dear Professor MacFayden, > • My name is Alexa Staley and I am a senior at Bowoin College in Brunswick, > Maine. I am a physics major and math minor in pursuit of a PhD. in physics. > I am very interested in the physics graduate

**[WORD]:** ate with a thesis paper that I will present to the Physics Department > in the spring. > I understand that your research is in computational astrophysics, which is a > field that I am interested in. At your convenience, I would love to hear > more about your research. > • Thanks, > • Alexa Andrew MacFadyen New York University http://cosmo.nyu.edu/aim This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal enti

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyaeation@gmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Jes Staley 
Sent: 
Fri 12/3/2010 12:29:08 PM 
Subject: 
Fw: 
Fyi 
 
 Ori inal Messa e  
From: 
To: Jes Sta ey; Mom 
Sent: Thu Dec 02 22: : 
Subject: Fw: 
I like his research!! 
 
Original Message 
From: An 
Sender: 
Date: Thu, 2 
To: Alexa N. 
Subject: Re: 
Dear Alexa, 
Dec 20 
Staley 
Thanks for writing. Your message is timely. I and my group at NYU are 
working on several projects in computational astrophysics, 
particularly focusing on relativistic gas dynamics and very recently 
including coupling to dynamical space times. We are very much 
starting to move into numerical relativity with an eye toward accurate 
inclusion of gas dynamics relevant for neutron star-black hole and 
neutron star-neutron star binaries. We are motivated by advanced LIGO 
which I'm sure you are aware is scheduled to be on line starting in 
2014 and is expected to detect double neutron star mergers to several 
100 Mpc distances at which the event rate should be sufficient to 
yield detections. 
A graduate student in my group has recently written an Einstein/hydro 
code in 1D to simulate black hole formation during collapse of massive 
stars. Our goal is to extend this code to 3D using efficient adaptive 
mesh refinement on massively parallel computers to simulate black hole 
mergers at very high resolution. 
I am on sabbatical at Harvard this coming semester. But I will stay 
in touch with the application process. Good luck with your 
application. 
Best Wishes, 
Andrew 
On Thu, Dec 2, 2010 at 10:12 PM, Alexa N. Staley •;:
. wrote: 
> Dear Professor MacFayden, 
> 
• My name is Alexa Staley and I am a senior at Bowoin College in Brunswick, 
> Maine. I am a physics major and math minor in pursuit of a PhD. in physics. 
> I am very interested in the physics graduate program at NYU, and will be 
> submitting my application shortly. 
> During my time at Bowdoin I have focused on general relativity, and this 
EFTA_R1_01476119 
EFTA02413557

> past summer I conducted research in the field of numerical relativity. More 
> specifically, I created a code in Fortran 90 that simulates the collapse of 
> a spherically symmetric dust cloud of uniform density and zero pressure into 
> a Schwarzschild black hole. As you might know, Oppenheimer and Snyder have 
> an analytical solution to this collapse; my project entails verifying this 
> collapse in another coordinate system called the "moving puncture" 
> coordinate, which is now widely used in numerical relativity. I will 
> continue this research throughout the academic year and my work will 
> culminate with a thesis paper that I will present to the Physics Department 
> in the spring. 
> I understand that your research is in computational astrophysics, which is a 
> field that I am interested in. At your convenience, I would love to hear 
> more about your research. 
> 
• Thanks, 
> 
• Alexa 
Andrew MacFadyen 
New York University 
http://cosmo.nyu.edu/aim 
This email is confidential and subject to important disclaimers and 
conditions including on offers for the purchase or sale of 
securities, accuracy and completeness of information, viruses, 
confidentiality, legal privilege, and legal entity disclaimers, 
available at http://www.jpmorgan.com/pages/disclosures/email. 
EFTA_R1_01476120 
EFTA02413558

