# EFTA02428975

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** 0 6:46:16 PM Subject Re: May be Maria ex Next + another ex Next from Women's board. It is even worse for them. I am so sorry for the guy who stole Ginta. Easy come easy go Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> Date: Wed, 10 Mar 2010 13:36:16 -0500 To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: faith said no one left next *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is th

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffre E rein jeevacation@gmail.comj 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 3/10/2010 6:46:16 PM 
Subject Re: 
May be Maria ex Next + another ex Next from Women's board. It is even worse for them. I am so 
sorry for the guy who stole Ginta. Easy come easy go 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 10 Mar 2010 13:36:16 -0500 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
faith said no one left next 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1498498 
EFTA02428975

