# EFTA02411974

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <"cevacation id mail.com>|
|To|Jamie Saunders|
|Sent|Sun Jun 13 17:07:07 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** or 3 or 330 or 4 ....CANT WAIT !!!! CORE: Jennie Saunders Founder & Chairman l 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 Main :—I Mobile: I www.coreaccess.net I Upcoming Cultural Spotlight Thursday, June 17 — An Insider's Guide to Diamonds: An Exclusive Conversation with 1k Beers' Diamond Expert Andrew Coxon 6:30pm - 8:30pm, Champagne Reception. Conversation and Q&A Friday, June 25 — Ferrari and Brant Foundation Experience: private viewing of the new Urs Fischer "Oscar the Grouch" exhibition, drive the new Ferrari California model, and have a lovely, complimentary lunch at L'Escalc in Greenwic

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

ail.coml: 
From: 
Jennie Saunders 
Sent 
Sun 6/13/2010 9:13:52 PM 
Subject Re: 
Title: Re: 
Can we do thursday around 230 or 3 or 330 or 4 ....CANT WAIT !!!! 
CORE: Jennie Saunders Founder & Chairman l 66 East 55th Street New York NY 10022 Main :—I 
Mobile: 
I www.coreaccess.net I 
Upcoming Cultural Spotlight 
Thursday, June 17 — An Insider's Guide to Diamonds: An Exclusive Conversation with 1k Beers' Diamond Expert 
Andrew Coxon 
6:30pm - 8:30pm, Champagne Reception. Conversation and Q&A 
Friday, June 25 — Ferrari and Brant Foundation Experience: private viewing of the new Urs Fischer "Oscar the Grouch" 
exhibition, drive the new Ferrari California model, and have a lovely, complimentary lunch at L'Escalc in Greenwich, CT. 
9am & 10am departures from CORE: club 
Space is limited. For reservations and information please call 
or reservations@coreaccess.net 
—Original Message----
From: Jeffrey Epstein <"cevacation id mail.com> 
To: Jamie Saunders 
Sent: Sun Jun 13 17:07:07 2010 
Subject: 
thurs or fri? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential. may be attorney-client privileged. may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the plop..rty of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to javacationet gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01473505 
EFTA02411974

