# EFTA02421401

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@igmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Thu Sep 09 13:40:27 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thur 9/9/2010 5:45:57 PM Subject: Re: Unfortunately it's neither the first time nor will it be the last. Security on that segment of the east end of st thomas has become very difficult; it has become a center for the drug trade. We have been in constant touch with local dea and have

**[WORD]:** ery difficult; it has become a center for the drug trade. We have been in constant touch with local dea and have cooperated on every possible front. We have erected fences, provided video surveillance, beefed up uniformed security, etc. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@igmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thu Sep 09 13:40:27 2010 Subject: I just heard about the shooting at ayh. *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intende

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: 
Thur 9/9/2010 5:45:57 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Unfortunately it's neither the first time nor will it be the last. Security on that segment of the east end of st thomas 
has become very difficult; it has become a center for the drug trade. We have been in constant touch with local 
dea and have cooperated on every possible front. We have erected fences, provided video surveillance, beefed 
up uniformed security, etc. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@igmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Thu Sep 09 13:40:27 2010 
Subject: 
I just heard about the shooting at ayh. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jecvacationQemail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01487675 
EFTA02421401

