# EFTA02697481

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin < > Sent: Friday, March 30, 2012 9:45 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Where the school is. It is the rec center where there are 6 tennis courts a=d a soccer field. Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Fri, 30

**[FULL]:** ol is. It is the rec center where there are 6 tennis courts a=d a soccer field. Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Fri, 30 Mar 2012 21:40:42 To: Subject: Re: where on seaview? =0A=DA=n Fri, Mar 30, 2012 at 5:29 PM, Eva Dubin <mailto > wrote: =OA= = am taking the kids to the rec center on Sea View Avenue at 6:00 for a big=basketball game. Do you want to come and play? =0A=0A=- =he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =constitute inside information, an

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin <
> 
Sent: 
Friday, March 30, 2012 9:45 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Where the school is. It is the rec center where there are 6 tennis courts a=d a soccer field. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 30 Mar 2012 21:40:42 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
where on seaview? 
=0A=DA=n Fri, Mar 30, 2012 at 5:29 PM, Eva Dubin 
<mailto
 > wrote: 
=OA= 
= am taking the kids to the rec center on Sea View Avenue at 6:00 for a big=basketball game. Do you want to come and 
play? 
=0A=0A=-
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1333143923</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>27</integer> 
<integer>7</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>214481</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_02055531 
EFTA02697481

