# EFTA02407534

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Mon Aug 09 12:54:23 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmaitcomijeeyacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 8/9/2010 5:34:33 PM Subject: Re: It is all being handled. Did you see my last email to you? From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Aug 09 12:54:23 2010 Subject: cccil, says that other people are coming to us, complaining about the roofs *

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmaitcomijeeyacationellgmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 8/9/2010 5:34:33 PM Subject: Re: It is all being handled. Did you see my last email to you? From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Aug 09 12:54:23 2010 Subject: cccil, says that other people are coming to us, complaining about the roofs ******* *************** ******** ****** ********** ************ The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmaitcomijeeyacationellgmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Mon 8/9/2010 5:34:33 PM 
Subject: Re: 
It is all being handled. Did you see my last email to you? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Mon Aug 09 12:54:23 2010 
Subject: 
cccil, says that other people are coming to us, complaining about the roofs 
******* 
*************** 
******** 
****** 
********** 
************ 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@smail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01488939 
EFTA02407534

