# EFTA02643684

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesda 2017 12:05 PM To: Subject: Re: 18th He's on vacation On Tue, Jul 11, 2017 at 5:21 AM Greg < I will be seeing myrhvold on the 18th in Seattle. <mailto: > wrote: Is it worthwhile for me to see Bill Gates if he is there? Is that something=you could help arrange? I think he would find oneweb interesting. =C2 please note The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addr

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesda
2017 12:05 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: 18th 
He's on vacation 
On Tue, Jul 11, 2017 at 5:21 AM Greg < 
I will be seeing myrhvold on the 18th in Seattle. 
<mailto: 
> wrote: 
Is it worthwhile for me to see Bill Gates if he is there? Is that something=you could help arrange? I think he 
would find oneweb interesting. 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
in=ide information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It =s the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of thi= communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be=unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please noti=y us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> , and des=roy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachment=. copyright -all rights reserved 
--001a11471230bc3bd905540982c4-- conversation-id 38669 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1499774708 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 729448 
EFTA_R1_01879111 
EFTA02643684

