# EFTA02549905

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com»|
|To|lean Luc Brunel<|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** know she was yours, would it be a problem? should istay away On Mon, Feb 6, 2012 at 9:20 AM, wrote: Yes I brought her for showrooms Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» Date: Sun, 5 Feb 2012 18:14:49 -0400 To: lean Luc Brunel< Subject: svetlana Zhuravleva „ do you know her The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, d

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Monday, February 6, 2012 1:55 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Don't stay away 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Da 
:07 -0400 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
didn;t know she was yours, would it be a problem? should istay away 
On Mon, Feb 6, 2012 at 9:20 AM, 
wrote: 
Yes I brought her for showrooms 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Sun, 5 Feb 2012 18:14:49 -0400 
To: lean Luc Brunel< 
Subject: 
svetlana Zhuravleva „ do you know her 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01705312 
EFTA02549905

The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-dient privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disdosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01705313 
EFTA02549906

