# EFTA00030632 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 11

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 404 Filed 11/02/21 Page 1 of 6 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC N: DATE FILED: 11/2/21 20-CR-330 (AJN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: As discussed at yesterday's conference, attached is the Court's draft preliminary remarks to be recorded and played before each voir dire session. The pa

### Match 2
> er you complete this step of the process 13 today, you will receive instructions on next steps that are particular to you. 14 As you know from my prior remarks to you and from the questionnaire, we're here today 15 to select a jury to serve in a criminal case, called the United States against Ghislaine Maxwell. As 16 you read in the questionnaire, the Indictment alleges that Ghislaine Maxwell conspired with and 17 aided and abetted Jeffrey Epstein to entice minor females to travel to engage in criminal sex I8 activity, to transport minors to engage in criminal sexual activity, and to engage in sex

### Match 3
> next steps that are particular to you. 14 As you know from my prior remarks to you and from the questionnaire, we're here today 15 to select a jury to serve in a criminal case, called the United States against Ghislaine Maxwell. As 16 you read in the questionnaire, the Indictment alleges that Ghislaine Maxwell conspired with and 17 aided and abetted Jeffrey Epstein to entice minor females to travel to engage in criminal sex I8 activity, to transport minors to engage in criminal sexual activity, and to engage in sex trafficking 19 of a minor. Ms. Maxwell has pled not guilty to all charges. Ms. Maxwe

### Match 4
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 404 Filed 11/02/21 Page 1 of 6 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK United States of America, —v— Ghislaine Maxwell, Defendant. USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC N: DATE FILED: 11/2/21 20-CR-330 (AJN) ORDER ALISON J. NATHAN, District Judge: As discussed at yesterday's conference, attached is the Court's draft preliminary remarks to be recorded and played before each voir dire session

### Match 5
> er you complete this step of the process 13 today, you will receive instructions on next steps that are particular to you. 14 As you know from my prior remarks to you and from the questionnaire, we're here today 15 to select a jury to serve in a criminal case, called the United States against Ghislaine Maxwell. As 16 you read in the questionnaire, the Indictment alleges that Ghislaine Maxwell conspired with and 17 aided and abetted Jeffrey Epstein to entice minor females to travel to engage in criminal sex I8 activity, to transport minors to engage in criminal sexual activity, and to engage

### Match 6
> next steps that are particular to you. 14 As you know from my prior remarks to you and from the questionnaire, we're here today 15 to select a jury to serve in a criminal case, called the United States against Ghislaine Maxwell. As 16 you read in the questionnaire, the Indictment alleges that Ghislaine Maxwell conspired with and 17 aided and abetted Jeffrey Epstein to entice minor females to travel to engage in criminal sex I8 activity, to transport minors to engage in criminal sexual activity, and to engage in sex trafficking 19 of a minor. Ms. Maxwell has pled not guilty to all charges. M

### Match 7
> stionnaire, the Indictment alleges that Ghislaine Maxwell conspired with and 17 aided and abetted Jeffrey Epstein to entice minor females to travel to engage in criminal sex I8 activity, to transport minors to engage in criminal sexual activity, and to engage in sex trafficking 19 of a minor. Ms. Maxwell has pled not guilty to all charges. Ms. Maxwell is presumed innocent, 20 and before she can be found guilty on any charge, the jury must find that the Government has 21 proven each element of that crime beyond a reasonable doubt. 22 Thank you for participating in this process. The process of

### Match 8
> e Maxwell conspired with and 17 aided and abetted Jeffrey Epstein to entice minor females to travel to engage in criminal sex I8 activity, to transport minors to engage in criminal sexual activity, and to engage in sex trafficking 19 of a minor. Ms. Maxwell has pled not guilty to all charges. Ms. Maxwell is presumed innocent, 20 and before she can be found guilty on any charge, the jury must find that the Government has 21 proven each element of that crime beyond a reasonable doubt. 22 Thank you for participating in this process. The process of selecting a jury in a criminal 23 case is a cr

### Match 9
> e process. 4 Now, if you are selected as a juror, your job is going to be to listen to the evidence and to 5 my instructions on the law and to make a determination that's based only on the law. So I want to 6 speak to you generally about some things to keep in mind. 7 The first thing is, as Ms. Maxwell sits here now, she's presumed to be innocent. She is 8 presumed innocent until and only if the July finds that she is guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. 9 As I just explained to you, she's been indicted for a number of crimes, but an indictment is just to an accusation. It is not evidence and

### Match 10
> presumed to be innocent. She is 8 presumed innocent until and only if the July finds that she is guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. 9 As I just explained to you, she's been indicted for a number of crimes, but an indictment is just to an accusation. It is not evidence and it doesn't mean that Ms. Maxwell is guilty of anything. You I I can't assume that she is guilty or more likely to be guilty just because she's been charged with 12 committing these crimes. That's the reason we have trials, to determine whether the Government 13 can prove a defendant's guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. A defen
