# EFTA02406965

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|David Mitchell imailto:ca|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent|Monday, October 06, 2014 01:59 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Farkas, Andrew L. a> Sent: Monda , October 6, 2014 6:02 PM To: Cc: Ieevacation@gmai .coml; Lieber, Robert Subject: Re: Robby - you got this. GEC already gave us the list of what's in special and=we should send the specifics to david. He is also supposed to be running a=sort of what else is in portfolio b

**[WORD]:** EC already gave us the list of what's in special and=we should send the specifics to david. He is also supposed to be running a=sort of what else is in portfolio but not presently in default. Original Message From: David Mitchell imailto:ca Sent: Monday, October 06, 2014 01:59 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Subject: Thank you so much for your time and vision last week I look forward to hearing from your office in regards to the Self Storage p=rtfolio Thank you again, David David Mitchell MITCHELL HOLDINGS LLC This message, and any attachments hereto

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. a> 
Sent: 
Monda , October 6, 2014 6:02 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Ieevacation@gmai .coml; Lieber, Robert 
Subject: 
Re: 
Robby - you got this. GEC already gave us the list of what's in special and=we should send the specifics to david. He is 
also supposed to be running a=sort of what else is in portfolio but not presently in default. 
 
Original Message 
From: David Mitchell imailto:ca 
Sent: Monday, October 06, 2014 01:59 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Cc: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Subject: 
Thank you so much for your time and vision last week I look forward to hearing from your office in regards to the Self 
Storage p=rtfolio Thank you again, David 
David Mitchell 
MITCHELL HOLDINGS LLC 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended excl=sively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. Th=s communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary,=privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, =r otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or und=r applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby n=tified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, dissemi=ating or using this message or any information contained herein 
(including=any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this me=sage in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the messa=e (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in=electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be =onsidered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any ag=eement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of whi=h 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Gro=p LLC or such affiliate. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
creal>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
creal>1412618503</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>5</integer> 
<integer>18</integer> 
EFTA_R1_01463298 
EFTA02406965

</array> 
<key>original-mailboxgkey> 
<string>imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/A11%20Mal I </stri ng> 
<key>remote-idgkey> 
<string>4451324string> 
</diet> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01463299 
EFTA02406966

