# EFTA02502252

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|'eevacation@:mail.c=m|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, May 2, 2015 1:21 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: biaxin On Fri, May 1, 2015 at 10:04 PM, Eva Dub' rote: Levoquin or Augmentin What did Moscowitz say?? =br> Date: Fri, 1 May 2015 19:30:30 -0400 Subject: From: 'eevacation@:mail.c=m To: 101 .6 temp. =AO please note The information contained in this=communication is confi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, May 2, 2015 1:21 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
biaxin 
On Fri, May 1, 2015 at 10:04 PM, Eva Dub' 
rote: 
Levoquin or Augmentin 
What did Moscowitz say?? 
=br> 
Date: Fri, 1 May 2015 19:30:30 -0400 
Subject: 
From: 'eevacation@:mail.c=m 
To: 
101 .6 temp. 
=AO please note 
The information contained in this=communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, mayconstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the=addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or=copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibite= 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in err=r, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<=a>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including=all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please =ote 
EFTA_R1_01630432 
EFTA02502252

The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01630433 
EFTA02502253

