# EFTA02652074

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: president, hillary

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** of =eath threats if she filed a lawsuit), climate-change hoaxer, twitter addict, homophobic, apprentice politician, fucking fascist, and Vladimir =utin's "useful idiot," namely Donald Trump, who was elected as =n insanely narcissistic dictator based on the electoral college, whereas his =pponent, Hillary Clinton, won the national popular vote by almost three million individuals galore, to no avail. Irony lives. But the monster has inadvertently =wakened a population to resist. 1 EFTA_R1_01894981 EFTA02652074

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
paul krassner < 
Sent: 
Saturday, April 22, 2017 10:02 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Subject to change 
> 
So the publisher wants me to trim down 700 to 400 pages in =E244The Best of..." collection. Tsk tsk. Below will =e the 
revised mini-essay to serve as the final piece. Although I detest =rump, to be fair, I realized, thanks to you, that I had no 
=vidence that he had raped a 13-year-old, though I did have have =vidence that, as an adult, there was evidence that she 
made an =ccusation. Also, I added another sentence with a positive ending. =eanwhile, Happy Earth Day. 
The Last Word: =ikes! 
When George W. Bush was elected president in =he year 2000, it was due to the electoral college (a rigged system which 
originally =ntended to prevent slaves from voting and evolved to gerrymandering), even =hough Bush's opponent, Al 
Gore, won the national popular vote. Hillary =linton was elected senator that year, and she announced that the first 
thing she =ould do was to get rid of the electoral college. A few years later, as a =olumnist for the New York Press, I sent 
her a letter asking about the status of that promise. She didn't =eply. 
On November 8, 2016, a crooked businessman, =iar extraordinaire, bragging pussy-grabber, make-America-white-again, 
=nti-choice, anti-Semite, fake Christian, accused rapist of a 13-year-old in 1994 =she canceled a press conference one 
week before the election because of =eath threats if she filed a lawsuit), climate-change hoaxer, twitter addict, 
homophobic, apprentice politician, fucking fascist, and Vladimir =utin's "useful idiot," namely Donald Trump, who was 
elected as =n insanely narcissistic dictator based on the electoral college, whereas his =pponent, Hillary Clinton, won the 
national popular vote by almost three million individuals galore, to no avail. 
Irony lives. But the monster has inadvertently =wakened a population to resist. 
1 
EFTA_R1_01894981 
EFTA02652074

