# EFTA02518418

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|"jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, July 24, 2014 3:38 PM To: Lesley Groff; Eva Dubin Subject: Fwd: call larrys office , see if he has time otmorw=afternoon or monday eva, should you call first? =br> Forwarded message F=om: Eva Dubin Date: Thu, Jul 24, 2014 at 10:49 AM Subject: To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com> La=ry is a very good friend of mine. Here

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, July 24, 2014 3:38 PM To: Lesley Groff; Eva Dubin Subject: Fwd: call larrys office , see if he has time otmorw=afternoon or monday eva, should you call first? =br> Forwarded message F=om: Eva Dubin Date: Thu, Jul 24, 2014 at 10:49 AM Subject: To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com> La=ry is a very good friend of mine. Here is his contact i=formation - / 5 E. 98th St., 8th floor. You can make an appointment with him as one of the consultations. I think another =erson is Kimme

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, July 24, 2014 3:38 PM 
To: 
Lesley Groff; Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
call larrys office , see if he has time otmorw=afternoon or monday eva, should you call first? 
=br> 
 
Forwarded message 
F=om: Eva Dubin 
Date: Thu, Jul 24, 2014 at 10:49 AM 
Subject: 
To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
La=ry is a very good friend of mine. Here is his contact i=formation - 
/ 5 E. 98th St., 
8th floor. You can make an appointment with him as one of the consultations. I think another =erson is Kimmelman. 
He is an ENT specialist. =AO Here is his office information - 
Park 
Ave at 84th St. I am reaching out to other people to check as well. 
The Center for Sleep Medicine is led by the following core faculty members. 
Steven Feinsilver, M= 
<http://www.mountsinai.org/profiles/s=even-h-feinsilver> Director, Center for Sleep Medicine 
<http://www.mountsi=ai.org/profiles/steven-h-feinsilver> Professor of Medicine, Pulmonary, Critical and Sleep 
Medicine 
Larry Di Fabrizio, MD=/span> <http://www.mountsinai.org/profiles/l=rry-di-frabrizio> 
Senior Faculty, Medicine, Pulmonary, Critical and Sleep Medicine 
Adam Hernandez, MD=/a> 
Assistant Professor, Medicine, Pulmonary, Critical and Sleep Medicin <http://www.mountsinai.org/profiles/a=am-
hernandez> =/p> 
=C2 
please note 
The information contained in t=is communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, ma= constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized 
use =disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is stri=tly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
EFTA_R1_01654055 
EFTA02518418

have received this commun=cation in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01654056 
EFTA02518419

