# EFTA00020457 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> rince Andrew. I was not taken to hospital, but I suffered permanent injuries to my ribs, hip and leg on my right side. The car's hood figurine broke off in my hand on impact and I later buried it near my home, so it could still be recoverable as evidence. After I was hit by the car, I woke up to Prince Andrew In that house, I was also I have medical records of the resulting infection. I once ran away from the house naked, and made it to the Irish Traveller community down the road (GPS: 51.405369, - 0.546576). I remember seeing and speaking to a man, so I think that there may be Irish Travellers livin

### Match 2
> orate what goes on there. I was also taken to another house that I later recognised as Frogmore Cottage when its refurbishment was in the news in 2018. There, I was restrained on a table and tortured with electrical shocks by Ghislaine Maxwell and surrounded by watching men. I remember seeing Prince Andrew's face. I tried to sneak out. Maxwell caught me and beat me with the bristle end of a broom. . She also threatened me, saying that I "deserved to die" and hit me in the face with the broom, breaking my nose. I was only taken to the hospital for the broken nose after a rugby match, so that the

### Match 3
> father, to pedophile ring "parties". The main house I was taken to is located behind Thorpe Green, at the end of a private road. Hurst Farm Livery Stables is next door. In the driveway of this house, I was hit by a dark blue car with a personalised license plate ending in "M", driven by Prince Andrew. I was not taken to hospital, but I suffered permanent injuries to my ribs, hip and leg on my right side. The car's hood figurine broke off in my hand on impact and I later buried it near my home, so it could still be recoverable as evidence. After I was hit by the car, I woke up to Prince Andrew
