# EFTA02360125

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Atlas, Andrew S"|
|To|"Richard Kahn|
|Sent||
|Subject|WING 200 Shares|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Richard Kahn Sent: Friday, June 12, 2015 2:40 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: WING 200 Shares Please advise. Thank you. Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: "Atlas, Andrew S" Date: June 12, 2015 at 10:37:24 AM EDT To: "Richard Kahn mailto Subject: WING 200 Shares Hi Rich, Southern Trust Co. <mailto WING allocated 200 shares; priced 19 Opened at 30.50; Last trade at 10:35am was 31.16 Let me know if you would like to hold or sell. Thanks again, Andrew Andr

**[WORD]:** tlas, Andrew S" Date: June 12, 2015 at 10:37:24 AM EDT To: "Richard Kahn mailto Subject: WING 200 Shares Hi Rich, Southern Trust Co. <mailto WING allocated 200 shares; priced 19 Opened at 30.50; Last trade at 10:35am was 31.16 Let me know if you would like to hold or sell. Thanks again, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas mailto EFTA_R1_01349937 EFTA02360125 Financial Advisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan Complex New York, NY 10104 Tel/Direct Fax: mailto Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn 
Sent: 
Friday, June 12, 2015 2:40 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: WING 200 Shares 
Please advise. Thank you. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Atlas, Andrew S" 
Date: June 12, 2015 at 10:37:24 AM EDT 
To: "Richard Kahn 
mailto 
Subject: WING 200 Shares 
Hi Rich, 
Southern Trust Co. 
<mailto 
WING allocated 200 shares; priced 19 
Opened at 30.50; Last trade at 10:35am was 31.16 
Let me know if you would like to hold or sell. 
Thanks again, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
mailto 
EFTA_R1_01349937 
EFTA02360125

Financial Advisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan Complex 
New York, NY 10104 
Tel/Direct 
Fax: 
mailto 
Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any security or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided in e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this e-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
received this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper copies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to waive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, to the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic communications. This message is subject to terms available 
at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html. If you cannot access this link, please 
notify us by reply message and we will send the contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley you consent to the 
foregoing. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01349938 
EFTA02360126

