# EFTA00014982 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 Haddon Morgan and Foreman, P.0 Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 PH 303.831.7364 FX 303.832.2628 www.hmtlaw.com jpagliuccahmtlaw.com Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Defendant's Good Faith, Non-Frivolous Objections to Proffered Co-Conspirator Hearsay Statements Dear Counsel, Pursuant to the Court's November 1, 2021 Order we write to note our good faith objections to certain categories of alleged co-conspirator hearsay statements, and repr

### Match 2
> United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York 1 St. Andrew's Plaza New York, NY 10007 Haddon Morgan and Foreman, P.0 Jeffrey S. Pagliuca 150 East 10th Avenue Denver, Colorado 80203 PH 303.831.7364 FX 303.832.2628 www.hmtlaw.com jpagliuccahmtlaw.com Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Defendant's Good Faith, Non-Frivolous Objections to Proffered Co-Conspirator Hearsay Statements Dear Counsel, Pursuant to the Court's November 1, 2021 Order we write to note our good faith objections to certain categories of alleged co-conspirator hearsay statements,

### Match 3
> atements allegedly made outside the dates of the alleged conspiracy. Category 2, "Statements made by Jeffrey Epstein to his employees" appears to, primarily, relate to statements that post-date any alleged conspiracy. The first exemplar is a statement allegedly from Epstein to CC-1 claiming that Ms. Maxwell "used to find girls for him." This statement, or statements like it, cannot have been made either in the course of or in furtherance of any conspiracy at issue here and are no more than "idle chatter." United States v. Lieberman, 637 F.2d 95, 102 (2d Cir.1980) (challenged testimony "smack[ed] of

### Match 4
> ms" not specifically identified, Ms. "Statements made by Epstein to friends and Family of Minor Victims," "Statements made by CC-2 to friends and Family of Minor Victims," and "Statements made by Jeffrey Epstein to the Minor Victims or in their presence." EFTA00014982 November 8, 2021 Page 2 Maxwell objects. In addition, these categories do not contain any temporal limitations and we object to any statements allegedly made outside the dates of the alleged conspiracy. Category 2, "Statements made by Jeffrey Epstein to his employees" appears to, primarily, relate to statements that post-date
