# EFTA00022133 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 10

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> 01 • Recruited by Maxwell from Mar-a-Lago in 2000 • Maxwell taught her how to give Epstein massages, oral sex, and sexual toys. • She "had to have sex with Epstein many times" • Forced to recruit other girls • "In 2001, alleges that Epstein brought her to London, where she was introduced to Prince Andrew and went dancing at a nightclub with Epstein, his then-girlfriend Ghislaine Maxwell and the prince." Andrew ordered her a vodka and asked her to dance. • Raped by Prince Andrew at Maxwell's in London. Instructed by Maxwell to "do for Andrew what I do for Jeffrey". "It didn't last very long. Th

### Match 2
> • Forced to recruit other girls • "In 2001, alleges that Epstein brought her to London, where she was introduced to Prince Andrew and went dancing at a nightclub with Epstein, his then-girlfriend Ghislaine Maxwell and the prince." Andrew ordered her a vodka and asked her to dance. • Raped by Prince Andrew at Maxwell's in London. Instructed by Maxwell to "do for Andrew what I do for Jeffrey". "It didn't last very long. The whole thing, procedure — it was disgusting," Was in the Recruitment at Mar-a- Lago. Sex with Epstein in NYC, PB, NM, and USVI. Prince Andrew in London, NYC, and USVI

### Match 3
> nsealed- fen rewepstelnacumenu EFTA00022136 Name • Accusation Location Source(s) bathroom and bedroom. "He wasn't mean or anything," the now-36- year-old mom of three said of the prince. "He got up and said thanks and walked out. I sat there in bed and felt ashamed and dirty." • Had sex with Prince Andrew 3 times. • Epstein directed her to have sex with Glen Dubin • also alleges Epstein and Maxwell told her to have sex with former New Mexico governor Bill Richardson; former Democratic Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell; the late MIT computer scientist Marvin Minsky; and MC2 model agency co

### Match 4
> e MIT computer scientist Marvin Minsky; and MC2 model agency cofounder Jean Luc Brunel, as well as an unnamed "prince," "foreign president," and owner of "a French hotel chain." previously alleged she had been forced by Epstein and Maxwell to have sex with lawyer Alan Dershowitz and Britain's Prince Andrew. • Had sex with Dershowitz at least 6 times, aged 16-19 • In 2007 Maxwell and Epstein (separately) called her to ask her to keep quiet. • Recruited by in LA when she was 22. NYC Hearing transcript • About two weeks after her initial interview with =, told that the couple wanted to fly her

### Match 5
> n-unsealtd- letheY*PStein.d0CurtientS her college campus with the promise of a job answering Epstein's phones, but within a day she was coerced into having sex with Epstein. Epstein once told her "he needed to have three orgasms a day. It was biological, like eating," she recalled. • Groped by Prince Andrew during visit to the UK with Epstein. "I just remember someone suggesting a photo, and they told us to go get on the couch," she said in court documents. "And so Andrew and sat on the couch, and they put the puppet, the puppet on her lap. "And so then I sat on Andrew's lap, and I believe on my o

### Match 6
> sexual toys. • She "had to have sex with Epstein many times" • Forced to recruit other girls • "In 2001, alleges that Epstein brought her to London, where she was introduced to Prince Andrew and went dancing at a nightclub with Epstein, his then-girlfriend Ghislaine Maxwell and the prince." Andrew ordered her a vodka and asked her to dance. • Raped by Prince Andrew at Maxwell's in London. Instructed by Maxwell to "do for Andrew what I do for Jeffrey". "It didn't last very long. The whole thing, procedure — it was disgusting," Was in the Recruitment at Mar-a- Lago. Sex with Epstein in

### Match 7
> ght her to London, where she was introduced to Prince Andrew and went dancing at a nightclub with Epstein, his then-girlfriend Ghislaine Maxwell and the prince." Andrew ordered her a vodka and asked her to dance. • Raped by Prince Andrew at Maxwell's in London. Instructed by Maxwell to "do for Andrew what I do for Jeffrey". "It didn't last very long. The whole thing, procedure — it was disgusting," Was in the Recruitment at Mar-a- Lago. Sex with Epstein in NYC, PB, NM, and USVI. Prince Andrew in London, NYC, and USVI https://edinon.cnn.com/2019/12/02/uk/onnce-andra not ma .intl-e

### Match 8
> to dance. • Raped by Prince Andrew at Maxwell's in London. Instructed by Maxwell to "do for Andrew what I do for Jeffrey". "It didn't last very long. The whole thing, procedure — it was disgusting," Was in the Recruitment at Mar-a- Lago. Sex with Epstein in NYC, PB, NM, and USVI. Prince Andrew in London, NYC, and USVI https://edinon.cnn.com/2019/12/02/uk/onnce-andra not ma .intl-ebehndex.h tml pa a dussibtomumusikesamfraignracd AD tb01)0td htlps://www.washingtonpost.com/politimbhe-was-shakinteowhfienp- desalbe-systermjellterepsteinwIlegedly-used-to-procure- gitts/2019/08/09/8309

### Match 9
> Epstein once told her "he needed to have three orgasms a day. It was biological, like eating," she recalled. • Groped by Prince Andrew during visit to the UK with Epstein. "I just remember someone suggesting a photo, and they told us to go get on the couch," she said in court documents. "And so Andrew and sat on the couch, and they put the puppet, the puppet on her lap. "And so then I sat on Andrew's lap, and I believe on my own volition, and they took the puppet's hands and put it on breast, and so Andrew put his on mine." https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9764107 <lsims. a ainst • 1 st lksc

### Match 10
> photo, and they told us to go get on the couch," she said in court documents. "And so Andrew and sat on the couch, and they put the puppet, the puppet on her lap. "And so then I sat on Andrew's lap, and I believe on my own volition, and they took the puppet's hands and put it on breast, and so Andrew put his on mine." https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/9764107 <lsims. a ainst • 1 st lksce- 11 httptalseavyzentinews/2019/11 • 21 at the time (2004) • Greeted at the door by Maxwell • As talked about her experience in halting English, she said Epstein moved to the massage table and began to remov
