# EFTA02702841

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" c|
|To|=/b>"Richard Kahn|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>New Issue: HSBC =y Fixed to Floating Rate Note on 3m1|

---

**[WORD]:** SBC Sy Fixed to Floating Rate Note on 3mL Attachments: HSBC Prospectus.pdf; Untitled attachment 00019.htm 3 month libor is currently 0.64 please advise thank =ou Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. 575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor New York, NY 10022 Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" c > Subject: =/b>New Issue: HSBC =y Fixed to Floating Rate Note on 3m1 Date: =/b>May 2, 2016 at 11:41:10 AM =DT To: =/b>"Richard Kahn Hi Rich, Hope you had a nice =eekend. Wanted to show STC and GA a Morgan Stanley New Issue HSBC Syr =ixed-to-Floating Rate Note that's closing on this Frid

**[WORD]:** of the notes, commencing on August 11, 2016, up to and including the Maturity Date. Interest Formula: =ears 1 and 2: 2.25% fixed per annum Years 3 through Maturity: 3mL + =.05% per annum, subject to a 4.0% per annum cap I've attached the prospectus. Let me know if =ou have any questions. Best, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas First Vice President Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 2 EFTA_R1_02076794 EFTA02702842 Financial Advisor Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 NMLS ID N =326736 Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not use e-ma

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn <
> 
Sent: 
Monday, May 2, 2016 8:42 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: New Issue: HSBC Sy Fixed to Floating Rate Note on 3mL 
Attachments: 
HSBC Prospectus.pdf; Untitled attachment 00019.htm 
3 month libor is currently 0.64 
please advise 
thank =ou 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
New York, NY 10022 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew S" c
> 
Subject: =/b>New Issue: HSBC =y Fixed to Floating Rate Note on 3m1 
Date: =/b>May 2, 2016 at 11:41:10 AM =DT 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn 
Hi Rich, 
Hope you had a nice =eekend. 
Wanted to show STC and GA a Morgan Stanley New Issue HSBC Syr =ixed-to-Floating Rate Note that's closing on 
this Friday May =th. 
EFTA_R1_02076793 
EFTA02702841

Details: 
Product Type: =ixed-to-Floating Rate Notes Linked 3-month LIBOR (3mL) 
Issuer: HSBC USA Inc. 
S&P Issuer Credit =ating: A+ 
Maturity: 05/11/2021 
Call feature: None, =.e. the securities are non-callable 
Payment at Maturity: =ar ($1,000 per note) + any accrued and unpaid interest 
Interest Payment Schedule: Quarterly interest payments; The =lth calendar day of each February, May, August 
and November during the =erm of the notes, commencing on August 11, 2016, up to and including the Maturity Date. 
Interest Formula: =ears 1 and 2: 2.25% fixed per annum Years 3 through Maturity: 3mL + =.05% per annum, 
subject to a 4.0% per annum cap 
I've attached the prospectus. Let me know if =ou have any questions. 
Best, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
First Vice President 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
2 
EFTA_R1_02076794 
EFTA02702842

Financial Advisor 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 
NMLS ID N =326736 
Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any =ecurity or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this .-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
=eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, =o the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is subject to terms 
available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If you cannot access 
this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley 
you consent to =he foregoing. 
3 
EFTA_R1_02076795 
EFTA02702843

