# EFTA02554207

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, December 28, 2017 7:57 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: I'm in Miami On Thu, Dec 28, 2017 at 2:55 PM Eva Dubin wrote: We are all playing basketball at = at the rec center. Come by and watch with the girls if you want and=have time. Please note, my email address has changed to: =C2 please note The information containe= in this comm

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Thursday, December 28, 2017 7:57 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: I'm in Miami On Thu, Dec 28, 2017 at 2:55 PM Eva Dubin wrote: We are all playing basketball at = at the rec center. Come by and watch with the girls if you want and=have time. Please note, my email address has changed to: =C2 please note The information containe= in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may consti

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, December 28, 2017 7:57 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
I'm in Miami 
On Thu, Dec 28, 2017 at 2:55 PM Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
We are all playing basketball at = at the rec center. Come by and watch with the girls if you want and=have time. 
Please note, my email address has changed to: 
=C2 
please note 
The information containe= in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the u=e of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disc=osure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly =rohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communicati=n in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail =o 
jeevacation@g=ail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> --94eb2c111af0f84ef205616be981-- conversation-id 21482 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1514490997 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 6 remote-id 781844 
1 
EFTA_R1_01711487 
EFTA02554207

