# EFTA02595610

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, November 5, 2014 7:20 PM To: Erika Kellerhals Subject: Re: Trustees eva dubin, steven hanson, joe pagano On Wed, Nov 5, 2014 at 1:56=PM, Erika Kellerhals <mailto wrote:=br> l=#39;m not trying to be annoying with all the emails — but I know y=u like to be able to keep your responses short so I figured short question= would be helpful. Trustees are Darren, JES=Staley and

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, November 5, 2014 7:20 PM 
To: 
Erika Kellerhals 
Subject: 
Re: Trustees 
eva dubin, steven hanson, joe pagano 
On Wed, Nov 5, 2014 at 1:56=PM, Erika Kellerhals 
<mailto 
wrote:=br> 
l=#39;m not trying to be annoying with all the emails — but I know y=u like to be able to keep your responses 
short so I figured short question= would be helpful. 
Trustees are Darren, JES=Staley and David Mitchell — need you to name three successor trust=es please. 
Erika A. Kellerhals 
Member 
Kellerhals Ferguson Kroblin PLLC 
9100 Port of Sale Mall, Ste 15=span style="font-size:14ptfont-family:Garamond"></=> 
St. Thomas, VI 00802 
<= class="MsoNormal" style="color:rgb(0,0,0);margin-top:0in;margin-right=0in;margin-Ieft:0in;margin-
bottom:0.0001pt;font-size:l2pt;font-family:Camb=is">Tel: 340 779 2564 <tel:340%20779%202=64> 
<=pan style="font-family:Garamond">email: 
<mailto 
=/span> 
EFTA_R1_01780361 
EFTA02595610

Notice: This communication may contain privileged or ot=er confidential information. If you are not the 
intended recipient, =r believe that you have received this communication in error, please do no= print, copy, re-
transmit, disseminate, or otherwise use this information.=C2 Also, please indicate to the sender that you have received 
this e-ma=l in error, and delete the copy you received. Thank you. 
Circular 230: To ensure complian=e with the requirements imposed by the IRS, we inform you that any tax 
adv=ce contained in our communication (including any attachments) was not inte=ded or written to be used, and cannot 
be used, for the purpose of (i) avoi=ing any tax penalty or (ii) promoting, marketing or recommending to anothe= party 
any transaction or matter addressed herein. 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01780362 
EFTA02595611

