# EFTA02351991

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, December 24, 2010 11:02 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: AYH Roof After leaving the womb,! am still trying to get back in Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Dec 24, 2010, at 6:52 PM, "Farkas, Andrew L." < rote= > Fyi. Merry Xmas. Where r u? Original Message > From: Mukamal, Thomas > To: Farkas, Andrew L. > Cc: Ga

**[WORD]:** From: jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, December 24, 2010 11:02 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: AYH Roof After leaving the womb,! am still trying to get back in Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Dec 24, 2010, at 6:52 PM, "Farkas, Andrew L." < rote= > Fyi. Merry Xmas. Where r u? Original Message > From: Mukamal, Thomas > To: Farkas, Andrew L. > Cc: Garrison, Frank > Sent: Fri Dec 24 17:37:19 2010 > Subject: AYH Roof > Contractors are starting to work on roof as of January 2. Joe Walling has l=t the tenant know. > Tom >

**[WORD]:** To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Re: AYH Roof After leaving the womb,! am still trying to get back in Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone On Dec 24, 2010, at 6:52 PM, "Farkas, Andrew L." < rote= > Fyi. Merry Xmas. Where r u? Original Message > From: Mukamal, Thomas > To: Farkas, Andrew L. > Cc: Garrison, Frank > Sent: Fri Dec 24 17:37:19 2010 > Subject: AYH Roof > Contractors are starting to work on roof as of January 2. Joe Walling has l=t the tenant know. > Tom > Sent from my iPhone <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN"

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, December 24, 2010 11:02 PM 
To: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
Re: AYH Roof 
After leaving the womb,! am still trying to get back in 
Sorry for all the typos .Sent from my iPhone 
On Dec 24, 2010, at 6:52 PM, "Farkas, Andrew L." < 
rote= 
> Fyi. Merry Xmas. Where r u? 
 
Original Message 
> From: Mukamal, Thomas 
> To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
> Cc: Garrison, Frank 
> Sent: Fri Dec 24 17:37:19 2010 
> Subject: AYH Roof 
> Contractors are starting to work on roof as of January 2. Joe Walling has l=t the tenant know. 
> Tom 
> Sent from my iPhone 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1293231746</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>21</integer> 
</array> 
<key>original-mailbox<Aey> 
<string>imap:Meevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>124633</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01330771 
EFTA02351991

