# EFTA00030955 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:43 AM
- **Subject:** Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> rom: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:52 To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats! I know it's been challenging, in so many ways. And it's a huge accomplishment. From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already is making it seem like these charges were inevitable, that they were anything but, and

### Match 2
> rom: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:52 To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats! I know it's been challenging, in so many ways. And it's a huge accomplishment. From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already is making it seem like these charges were inevitable, that they were anything b

### Match 3
> From: To: ' Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 17:03:40 +0000 This is now belated, but thank you — much appreciated! From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:52 To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats! I know it's been challenging, in so many ways. And it's a huge accomplishment. From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:43

### Match 4
> From: To: ' Subject: RE: Maxwell Date: Mon, 06 Jul 2020 17:03:40 +0000 This is now belated, but thank you — much appreciated! From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:52 To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats! I know it's been challenging, in so many ways. And it's a huge accomplishment. From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesda

### Match 5
> 2020 17:03:40 +0000 This is now belated, but thank you — much appreciated! From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:52 To: Subject: FW: Maxwell Congrats! I know it's been challenging, in so many ways. And it's a huge accomplishment. From: Sent: Thursday, July 02, 2020 10:43 AM To: Subject: Maxwell PCU — Please join me in congratulating on the arrest this morning of Ghislaine Maxwell. spoke a bit about the case on our call on Tuesday and the truly remarkable job the team has done in bringing it. I won't repeat all of that, buy you should know, as you read press coverage today that already
