# EFTA02464079

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject|filed by Brad Edwards who titone says you want to meet=with|

---

**[FULL]:** " <jeevacation@gmail.com <javascript:_e(%7B%7D,icvmr,&#=9;jeevacation@gmail.comi);> m=chel. this was filed by brad edwards, Forwarded message From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Mon, Feb 1, 2016 at =1:17 AM Subject: filed by Brad Edwards who titone says you want to meet=with To: Jean Luc Brunel <javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvml&=39;, ;> > <Screen Shot 2016-01-30 at 6.55=10 AM.png> This was filed by Brad Edwards,=C2 =C2 please note The informat=on contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only =

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, May 12, 2016 4:39 PM 
To: 
Michael 
Subject: 
Re: filed by Brad Edwards who titone says you want to meet with 
Tried 
On Thursday, 12 May 2016, Michael < 
Please call me =A0 
Sent from my iPhone 
> wrote:<=r> 
On Feb 3, 2016, at 11:57 AM, &=uot;jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,icvmr,&#=9;jeevacation@gmail.comi);> 
m=chel. this was filed by brad edwards, 
 
Forwarded message 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Mon, Feb 1, 2016 at =1:17 AM 
Subject: filed by Brad Edwards who titone says you want to meet=with 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvml&=39;, 
;> > 
<Screen Shot 2016-01-30 at 6.55=10 AM.png> 
This was filed by Brad Edwards,=C2 
=C2 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only =or 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthoriz=c1 use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
return e-mail or, by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvml','jeevacat=on@gmail.com');> , and 
EFTA_R1_01571279 
EFTA02464079

d=stroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachme=ts. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 
please note 
The information containe= in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the u=e of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disc=osure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly =rohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communicati=n in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail =o jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_erA78%7D,1cvmlijeevacation@gmail.co=1;> , and 
destroy this =ommunication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyrig=t -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information=contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client=privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for=br>the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized =se, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is =trictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this co=munication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or b= e-mail to 
jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01571280 
EFTA02464080

