# EFTA02431515

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jecvacation®gmail.com|
|To|jeevacation®gmail.com|
|Sent||
|Subject|Thanks!|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffreyneevacation©gmail.com] From: Eva Dubin Sent Mon 1/25/2010 4:09:47 PM Subject: RE: Thanks! She sounds great. I am sending it to to George Raptis today to see what he says. I will definitely find something for her. Date: Mon, 25 Jan 2010 05:11:24 -0500 Subject: Fwd: Thanks! From: jecvacation®gmail.com To: evadubin@hotmail.com je

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffreyneevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent 
Mon 1/25/2010 4:09:47 PM 
Subject: RE: Thanks! 
She sounds great. I am sending it to to George Raptis today to see what he says. I will definitely find something 
for her. 
Date: Mon, 25 Jan 2010 05:11:24 -0500 
Subject: Fwd: Thanks! 
From: jecvacation®gmail.com 
To: evadubin@hotmail.com 
jenns sister„ intern job„ thanks it means a lot 
 
Forwarded messy e 
From 
Date: Mon, Jan 25, 2010 at 2:43 AM 
Subject: Thanks! 
To: jeevacation®gmail.com 
I am really looking forward to this experience! 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
Hotmail: Trusted email with powerful SPAM protection. Sign up now. 
EFTAJR1_01501907 
EFTA02431515

