# EFTA02587872

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** 2014 8:32 PM To: Mortimer Zuckerman Subject: Re: grEAT On Thu, Sep 4, 2014 at 4:17 PM, Mortimer Zuckerman > wrote: Yes Mort Sent from my iPhone On Sep 4, 2014, at 2:41 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:je=vacation@gmail.com» wrote:=br> want to spend some quality time with bill gates and me =AO, monday afternoon:? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copyi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, September 4, 2014 8:32 PM 
To: 
Mortimer Zuckerman 
Subject: 
Re: 
grEAT 
On Thu, Sep 4, 2014 at 4:17 PM, Mortimer Zuckerman 
> wrote: 
Yes Mort 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Sep 4, 2014, at 2:41 PM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:je=vacation@gmail.com» 
wrote:=br> 
want to spend some quality time with bill gates and me =AO, monday afternoon:? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message is a private communication and is intended only for the named =ddressee. It may contain 
information which is confidential, proprietary an=/or privileged under applicable law. If you are not the designated 
EFTA_R1_01768641 
EFTA02587872

recipie=t, you may not review, copy or distribute this message. If you receive this message in error, please noti=y the 
sender by reply e-mail and delete this message from your system. 
Thank you. 
=C2 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use,=disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is stri=tly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commun=cation in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01768642 
EFTA02587873

