# EFTA00018997 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 93

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. x 20 Cr. 330 (MN) REPLY MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION UNDER THE FOURTH AMENDMENT, MARTINDELL, AND THE FIFTH AMENDMENT TO SUPPRESS ALL EVIDENCE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT'S SUBPOENA TO BOLES SCHILLER AND TO DISMISS COUNTS FIVE AND SIX Jeffrey S. Pagl

### Match 2
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. x 20 Cr. 330 (MN) REPLY MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION UNDER THE FOURTH AMENDMENT, MARTINDELL, AND THE FIFTH AMENDMENT TO SUPPRESS ALL EVIDENCE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT'S SUBPOENA TO BOLES SCHILLER AND TO DISMISS COUNTS FIVE AND SIX Jeffrey S. Pagliuca Laura A. Menninger HADDON, MORGAN & FOREMAN P.C. 150 East 10th A

### Match 3
> st 10th Avenue Denver, CO 80203 Phone: 303-831-7364 Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 Phone: 212-957-7600 Bobbi C. Sternheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor New York, NY 10011 Phone: 212-243-1100 Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell EFTA00018997 TABLE OF CONTENTS TABLE OF CONTENTS ii TABLE OF AUTHORITIES iii TABLE OF EXHIBITS Factual Background 1 Argument 1 I. The Government's violation of the Fourth Amendment requires suppression 1 A. Maxwell has standing. 1 B. There is no good faith. 5 C. The govern

### Match 4
> nited States v. Taylor, 745 F.3d 15 (2d Cir. 2014) 12 US Bank Nat. Ass 'n v. PHL Variable Ins. Co., No. 12 CIV. 6811 CM JCF, 2012 WL 5395249 (S.D.N.Y. Nov. 5, 2012) 2 iii EFTA00018999 Other Authorities Stephen Rex Brown, Manhattan federal prosecutors declined to pursue Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell case in 2016, New York Daily News (Oct. 13, 2020) 11 Rules Fed. R. Civ. P. 24(b) 4 Fed. R. Civ. P. 26(c) 13 Fed. R. Crim. P. 17(c) 4 Constitutional Provisions U.S. CONST. amend. IV 1 U.S. CONST. amend. V 1, 9 iv EFTA00019000 TABLE OF EXHIBITS EXHIBIT A: Motion to Compel Plaintif

### Match 5
> A: Motion to Compel Plaintiff to Disclose Alleged "On-going Criminal Investigations by Law Enforcement" or, In the Alternative, to Stay Proceedings. Giuffre v. Maxwell, No. 15-cv- 07433-RWS, Apr. 18, 2016 EXHIBIT B: Giuffre v. Maxwell, No. 15-cv-07433-RWS, Transcript, Apr. 21, 2016 EFTA00019001 Ghislaine Maxwell moves under the Fourth Amendment, Martindell v. Intl TeL & TeL Corp., 594 F.2d 291 (2d Cir. 1979), and the Fifth Amendment, to suppress all evidence the government obtained from a grand jury subpoena it issued to Boies Schiller Flexner LLP and to dismiss Counts Five and Six, which are the fruits

### Match 6
> ve facts proving that Maxwell has a reasonable expectation of privacy. First, the Protective Order by its terms affords Maxwell a reasonable expectation of privacy. Mot. 3, Ex. Al 3 (defining "CONFIDENTIAL" information as that which "implicates common law and statutory privacy interests of . . . Ghislaine Maxwell" (emphasis added)). What would it say to civil litigants if they could not rely on a court's promise of confidentiality, at least absent notice and an opportunity to object to any breach of that promise (which, of course, Maxwell was denied here). See Mot. 3, Ex. A, ¶ 14 (precluding modificatio

### Match 7
> and testified truthfully. As explained in Maxwell's Pretrial Motion No. 3 and the Reply in Support Thereof, the government has now disclosed several documents "with respect to any criminal investigations" 3 Stephen Rex Brown, Manhattan federal prosecutors declined to pursue Jeffrey Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell case in 2016, New York Daily News (Oct. 13, 2020), https://www.nydailynews.corninew-yorlany-jeffrey-epstein-maxwell-case-20201013- jinzh17zdrzdgrbbs7yc6binszu-stoty.html. 11 EFTA00019012 that Giuffre possessed in February and March 2016. Under Judge Sweet's pre-deposition order, Giuffre should

### Match 8
> East 10th Avenue Denver, CO 80203 Phone: 303-831-7364 Christian R. Everdell COHEN & GRESSER LLP 800 Third Avenue New York, NY 10022 Phone: 212-957-7600 Bobbi C. Stemheim Law Offices of Bobbi C. Stemheim 33 West 19th Street - 4th Floor New York, NY 10011 Phone: 212-243-1100 Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell 14 EFTA00019015 Certificate of Service I hereby certify that on March 15, 2021, I served by email, pursuant Rule 2(B) of the Court's individual practices in criminal cases, the Reply Memorandum of Ghislaine Maxwell in Support of Her Motion Under the Fourth Amendment, Martindell, and the Fifth

### Match 9
> 19th Street - 4th Floor New York, NY 10011 Phone: 212-243-1100 Attorneys for Ghislaine Maxwell 14 EFTA00019015 Certificate of Service I hereby certify that on March 15, 2021, I served by email, pursuant Rule 2(B) of the Court's individual practices in criminal cases, the Reply Memorandum of Ghislaine Maxwell in Support of Her Motion Under the Fourth Amendment, Martindell, and the Fifth Amendment to Suppress All Evidence Obtained from the government's Subpoena to Boies Schiller and to Dismiss Counts Five and Six upon the following: U.S. Attorney's Office, SDNY One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, NY

### Match 10
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, v. GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. x 20 Cr. 330 (MN) REPLY MEMORANDUM OF GHISLAINE MAXWELL IN SUPPORT OF HER MOTION UNDER THE FOURTH AMENDMENT, MARTINDELL, AND THE FIFTH AMENDMENT TO SUPPRESS ALL EVIDENCE OBTAINED FROM THE GOVERNMENT'S SUBPOENA TO BOLES SCHILLER AND TO DISMISS COUNTS FIVE AND SIX Jeffrey
