# EFTA02439711

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Dubin, Glenn|
|To|'|
|Sent|Wed Jul 08 16:31:01 2009|
|Subject|Hi|

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeproject©yahoo.com[jeeproject@yahoo.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Wed 7/8/2009 10:34:26 PM Subject: Fw: Hi Fyi. I'm s 'm mo row and will get more color. Grt time in buck palace.... ....andrew was great. Thx! G Original Message From: Dubin, Glenn To: ' Sent: Wed Jul 08 16:31:01 2009 Subject: Hi Pete, I put in a call to wes and exp

**[WORD]:** To: jeeproject©yahoo.com[jeeproject@yahoo.com] From: Dubin, Glenn Sent: Wed 7/8/2009 10:34:26 PM Subject: Fw: Hi Fyi. I'm s 'm mo row and will get more color. Grt time in buck palace.... ....andrew was great. Thx! G Original Message From: Dubin, Glenn To: ' Sent: Wed Jul 08 16:31:01 2009 Subject: Hi Pete, I put in a call to wes and expect to spk to him tomorrow re: gagfah thx.. unrelated, is there a good time that I can call you tomorrow to discuss a zwirn/client situation that I need your advice on It's important to me. Shouldn

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeproject©yahoo.com[jeeproject@yahoo.com] 
From: 
Dubin, Glenn 
Sent: 
Wed 7/8/2009 10:34:26 PM 
Subject: 
Fw: Hi 
Fyi. I'm s 
'm 
mo row and will get more color. Grt time in buck 
palace.... 
....andrew was great. 
Thx! 
G 
 
 Original Message  
From: Dubin, Glenn 
To: ' 
Sent: Wed Jul 08 16:31:01 2009 
Subject: Hi 
Pete, I put in a call to wes and expect to spk to him tomorrow re: 
gagfah 
thx.. unrelated, is there a good time that I can call you tomorrow 
to discuss a zwirn/client situation that I need your advice on 
 It's 
important to me. Shouldn't take more than about 10 mins. 
I'm in london and can 
call you on your cell. Thx. Glenn 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It may 
contain confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient you are 
hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of this e-mail 
and any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this e-mail in 
error, please immediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and delete 
the message and any attachment(s) from your system. Thank you. 
EFTA_R1_01513470 
EFTA02439711

