# EFTA02429790

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Wed Feb 10 04:48:13 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacation©gmaitcomueeyacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Wed 2/10/2010 11:56:14 AM Subject: Re: Ugly article coming tomorrow re me, dxb, cuomo. ross & centerline. Forgot to ask re landscape. My fault. Follow up today. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Wed Feb 10 04:48:13 2010 Subject: crossing my

**[WORD]:** jeeyacation©gmaitcomueeyacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Wed 2/10/2010 11:56:14 AM Subject: Re: Ugly article coming tomorrow re me, dxb, cuomo. ross & centerline. Forgot to ask re landscape. My fault. Follow up today. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Wed Feb 10 04:48:13 2010 Subject: crossing my fingers for you... on deal... did your pr guy give you a landscape name? *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmaitcomueeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Wed 2/10/2010 11:56:14 AM 
Subject: Re: 
Ugly article coming tomorrow re me, dxb, cuomo. ross & centerline. Forgot to ask re landscape. My fault. Follow 
up today. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeeyacation@gmail.com> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Wed Feb 10 04:48:13 2010 
Subject: 
crossing my fingers for you... on deal... did your pr guy give you a landscape name? 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation(agmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01499541 
EFTA02429790

