# EFTA00037672 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 7

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, October 14, 2020 7:59 PM
- **Subject:** FW: C-20 request-Maxwell discovery

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' (NY) (FBI)" <I To: la) (FBI)" Cc: ' (NY) (FBI)" c Subject: RE: C-20 request-Maxwell discovery Date: Thu, 15 Oct 2020 14:26:12 +0000 Importance: Normal (SI) (FBI)" Great. MAre you able to stop by the C-20 area today to pick up the hard drive and laptop? From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Wednesday, October 14, 2020 7:59 PM To: (SI) (FBI) a . (NY) (FBI) <la; (NY) (FBI) Subject: FW

### Match 2
> e: Thu, 15 Oct 2020 14:26:12 +0000 Importance: Normal (SI) (FBI)" Great. MAre you able to stop by the C-20 area today to pick up the hard drive and laptop? From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Wednesday, October 14, 2020 7:59 PM To: (SI) (FBI) a . (NY) (FBI) <la; (NY) (FBI) Subject: FW: C-20 request-Maxwell discovery Thank you I appreciate it. Got the blessing to head over to MDC by 8am. Thank you very much, Special Agent FBI - New York - SO-9 On Oct 14, 2020 5:21 PM, " (NY) (FBI)" < wrote: Yes that shouldn't be a problem at all. Thank you both. If that changes let me know. If you can coordina

### Match 3
> that be ok? Our set is only 4 miles away from MDC. Thanks, Special Agent EFTA00037672 FBI - New York - SO-9 On Oct 14, 2020 5:03 PM, I am available. On Oct 14, 2020 5:02 PM, From: (NY) (FBI) Sent: Wednesday, October 14, 2020 5:01 PM To: . (NY) (FBI) Cc: (NYPD) Subject: C-20 request-Maxwell discovery Hey and (SI) (FBI)" a wrote: (NY) (FBI)" a wrote: Sony for the last minute notice and the unfortunate changing of days/week for this project. MDC has give us the go ahead to show the discovery to Maxwell on Friday. Are either/both of you available this Friday to show the discover

### Match 4
> tober 14, 2020 5:01 PM To: . (NY) (FBI) Cc: (NYPD) Subject: C-20 request-Maxwell discovery Hey and (SI) (FBI)" a wrote: (NY) (FBI)" a wrote: Sony for the last minute notice and the unfortunate changing of days/week for this project. MDC has give us the go ahead to show the discovery to Maxwell on Friday. Are either/both of you available this Friday to show the discovery from 8am-3pm Friday? If you could let me know either way so I know if I need to get further assistance that would be great. I've cc'd M, who has been working this case as well since I am presently out of the country.

### Match 5
> " <-> wrote: Hi SA Conroy and SA can assist EFTA00037674 Forwarded message From: " (NY) (FBI)" < > Date: Oct 1, 2020 8:39 AM Subject: C-20 request for assistance next week To: NY-NADP Cc: ' (NY) (FBI)" c>," All- (NYPD)" < Squad C-20 is requesting assistance from two agents for the Maxwell investigation. They are looking for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially b

### Match 6
> st for assistance next week To: NY-NADP Cc: ' (NY) (FBI)" c>," All- (NYPD)" < Squad C-20 is requesting assistance from two agents for the Maxwell investigation. They are looking for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able to assist Thanks, EFTA00037675

### Match 7
> ng for 2 volunteers to help out one day next week, possibly Wednesday or Thursday. They have to show some discovery to Maxwell and her defense team at MDC. It is digital evidence so a laptop and hard drive would have to be shown to them at MDC. It could potentially be several hours waiting while Maxwell and her team review the materials. Please let me know if you are able to assist Thanks, EFTA00037675
