# EFTA02592815

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: foundation, mit

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Franc=s Barany <|
|To|Anthony Barrett <|
|Sent||
|Subject|Confidential: Early detection of Ebola<=b>|

---

**[WORD]:** rett Begin forwa=ded message: From: Franc=s Barany < Date: October 8, 2014 at 6:06:32 PM E=T To: Anthony Barrett < Cc: Michael Gargano animagonflialmina Subject: Confidential: Early detection of Ebola<=b> Dear Anthony, I really appreciate your willingness to find a potential pathway to Bil= Gates and the Gates EFTA_R1_01775910 EFTA02592815 By way of introduction, I have been a Professor at Weill-Cornell for th= last 30 years, and am best known for having invented the Ligase C=ain Reaction (ICR) and the Universal Array. I hold 46 issued US p=tents, a number of which have led to commerci

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
A Barrett 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 8, 2014 10:46 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: Confidential: Early detection of Ebola 
Thanks for your help 
Anth=ny Barrett 
On Oct 8, 2014, at 6:32 PM, "jeffre= E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> =gt; wrote: 
ill=try, also i started the conversatoin with mark about splitting u= the interest, he is open to the idea, but 
wanted someone=smart to advise. that meanss he does't want to pay for advice. 
On Wed, Oct 8, 2=14 at 6:28 PM, A Barrett 
Hi Jeffrey, 
mailto
> wrote: 
=ny interest in helping on this. I know last time you and Francis did not hi= it off. Nevertheless he has 
been successful as a scientist and is really n=t a "people' person. 
Foundation. 
He claims he can devel=p the tools to diagnose Ebola before it becomes symtomatic. 
Anthony Barrett 
Begin forwa=ded message: 
From: Franc=s Barany < 
Date: October 8, 2014 at 6:06:32 PM E=T 
To: Anthony Barrett < 
Cc: Michael Gargano animagonflialmina 
Subject: Confidential: Early detection of Ebola<=b> 
Dear Anthony, 
I really appreciate your willingness to find a potential pathway to Bil= Gates and the Gates 
EFTA_R1_01775910 
EFTA02592815

By way of introduction, I have been a Professor at Weill-Cornell for th= last 30 years, and am 
best known for having invented the Ligase C=ain Reaction (ICR) and the Universal Array. I hold 46 issued US p=tents, a 
number of which have led to commercial tests to diagnose genetic diseases (i.e. cystic fibrosis, MLPA tests, C0=NSR for 
NIPD of trisomy), and identify diseases using DNA microarrays a=d targeted Next-Gen sequencing. Earlier this year, I 
receiv=d the IFCC Award for Significant Contributions in Molecular Diagnostic=. 
I have been collaborating with Dr. Linnie Golightly of our Center for G=obal Health/Infectious 
Disease Division for the past decade, work=ng together closely to develop multiplexed PCR-LDR assays for Category=A 
Biothreat agents, including all the major viral hemorrhagic fever viruses (VHF; ebolavirus, marburgvirus Crimean 
Congo=nbsp;hemorrhagic fever virus, Lassa fever virus, Rift Valley fever vir=s, Dengue virus, and Yellow fever virus). 
(Kindly see belo= abstract of manuscript just being submitted). In addition, in collaboration with Professor Soper at 
UNC, we have been building =icro-fabricated devices to rapidly detect pathogens. 
Most recently, we have begun designing micro-fabricated devices that wi=l allow for electronic 
detection, obviating the need for expensiv= hardware used in most fluorescent detection schemes (i.e. Taqman assa=s). 
As such, we are poised to combine these technologies for rapidly identifying and providing quantitative viral load for=all 
the VHF, Variola, Malaria or other Category A pathogens directly f=om a drop of blood, with the next level of such 
devices suitable f=r working in developing countries, and may be powered and run by a cell phone or smart device. 
• 
Current CDC approved EZ1-RT-P=R Taqman assay has LOD of 5,000 PFU/ml. This works 
when patient is&nbs=;febrile, i.e. has overt symptoms and may be contagious. 
• 
Next level of assay needs to b=> 100-fold more sensitive. We know how to address this 
issue. 
• 
This would allow for identifi=ation of individuals with early viral replication in their blood 
•=94before they are contagious, so they may be isolated, and further,&nb=p;early detection may improve outcomes. 
Would your contacts be able to help us, so in turn we may help protect o=r country? 
Most appreciated, 
Francis & Linnie 
Dr. Francis Barany 
Dept of Microbiology & Immunology 
Box 62 Rm B-406 
Linnie Golightly, MD 
Associate Professor of Clinical Medicine 
and Microbiology & Immunology 
Center for Global Health 
Division of Infectious Diseases 
Weill Cornell Medical College 
2 
EFTA_R1_01775911 
EFTA02592816

A Multiplex PCR/LDR Assay for the Simultaneous Identification of C=tegory A Infectious 
Pathogens: Agents of Viral Hemorrhagic Fever and V=riola Virus 
Das 5.1, Rundell M.S.2, Mirza A.H.2, Pingle M.R.2, Shigyo K.1, Garrison=A.R.3, Paragas J.4, Smith 
S. K.5, Olson V. A.5, Larone D.H.2, 6,&=bsp;Spitzer E.D.7, Barany F.2 and Golightly L.M.1, 2 
1. Department of Medicine, Division of Infectious Diseases, Weill Medic=l College of Cornell 
University, New York, NY 
2. Department of Microbiology and Immunology, Weill Medical College of C=rnell University, 
New York, NY 
3. United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases= Frederick, MD. 
4. Integrated Research Facility, Division of Clinical Research, N=AID, NIH, Ft. Detrick, MD 
5. Poxvirus Team, Poxvirus and Rabies Branch, Division of High Conseque=ce Pathogens and 
Pathology, National Center of Emerging Zoonotic a=d Infectious Diseases, Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention,&nbs=;Atlanta, GA 
6. Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine, Weill Medical Colle=e of Cornell 
University, New York, NY 
7. Department of Pathology, Stony Brook University Medical Center, Ston= Brook, NY 
ABSTRACT 
CDC designated category A infectious agents pose a major risk to nation=l security and require 
special action for public health prep=redness. They include viruses that cause viral hemorrhagic fever=(VHF) syndrome 
as well as variola virus, the agent of smallpox. VHF is characterized by hemorrhage and fever with multi-
organ&nb=p;failure leading to high mortality and morbidity. Smallpox, a p=ior scourge, has been eradicated for decades 
making it a particul=rly serious threat if released nefariously in the essentially non-immu=e world population. Early 
detection of the causative agents a=d ability to distinguish them from other pathogens is essential to&nbs=;contain 
outbreaks, implement proper control measures and prevent morb=dity and mortality. We have developed a multiplex 
detection= assay that uses several species-specific PCR primers to generate ampli=ons from multiple pathogens; these 
are then targeted in a ligase d=tection reaction (LDR). The resultant fluorescently-labeled=ligation products are 
detected on a universal array enabling simultaneous identification of the pathogens. The assay was=evaluated on 32 
different isolates associated with VHF (ebolavirus,&nb=p;marburgvirus Crimean Congo hemorrhagic fever virus, Lassa 
fever viru=, Rift Valley fever virus, Dengue virus, and Yellow fever virus) as well as variola virus and vaccinia virus (the 
agent of small=ox and its vaccine strain, respectively). The assay was abl= to detect all viruses tested including 8 
sequences representative&nbs=;of different variola virus strains from the CDC repository. It does not cross react with 
other emerging zoonoses such a= monkeypox virus or cowpox virus, or six flaviviruses tested (St. Loui= encephalitis 
virus, Murray Valley Encephalitis virus, Powassan v=rus, Tick-borne encephalitis virus, West Nile virus and Japanese 
encephalitis virus). 
3 
EFTA_R1_01775912 
EFTA02592817

please note 
=div>The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may=be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is=intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE=br>Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any p=rt thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have recei=ed this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retur= e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all=copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserve= 
4 
EFTA_R1_01775913 
EFTA02592818

