# EFTA02688553

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Andrew Scott" =It|
|To|"Rich Kahn" <|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** ed attachment 00268.htm Based =n Source One analysis below and independent analysis prepared by Harry =e are receiving the best rates currently from Con =dison. Richard =ahn HBRK Associates Inc. 301 East 66th Street, Suite =OF New York, NY 10065 tel fa cell Begin forwarded message: From: "Andrew Scott" =It =div style="margin-top: Opx; margin-right: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; =argin-left: Opx;">Date: April 25, 2011 =:23:06 PM EDT To: "Rich Kahn" < ><=r> Cc: "Lou Schoen" < >, "Brant =avis" < =div style="margin-top: Opx; margin-right: Opx; margin-bottom: Opx; =argin-left: Opx;">Subject:

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kahn < 
Sent: 
Wednesday, April 27, 2011 4:44 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Cc: 
Harry Beller; Rich Barnett 
Subject: 
Fwd: 9 East 71st Street Corp. - Pricing Analysis 4.25.11 
Attachments: 
Pricing Analysis 4.25.11.pdf; Untitled attachment 00268.htm 
Based =n Source One analysis below and independent analysis prepared by Harry =e are receiving the best rates 
currently from Con =dison. 
Richard =ahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
301 East 66th Street, Suite =OF 
New York, NY 10065 
tel
fa 
cell 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Andrew Scott" =It 
=div style="margin-top: Opx; margin-right: 0px; margin-bottom: 0px; =argin-left: Opx;">Date: April 25, 2011 
=:23:06 PM EDT 
To: "Rich Kahn" < 
><=r> 
Cc: "Lou Schoen" < 
>, "Brant =avis" < 
=div style="margin-top: Opx; margin-right: Opx; margin-bottom: Opx; =argin-left: Opx;">Subject: 9 East 71st 
=treet Corp. - Pricing Analysis =.25.11 
Good afternoon Rich, 
=nbsp; Attached is today's pricing from Hess Energy. Suez =nergy and TransCanada Power. As you can see, the 
pricing is quite =igh in comparison to what you've been paying on default service with =onEdison. The reason behind 
the higher forward rates, is because =f your load factor. Your accounts don't have a very high load =actor meaning that 
the building operate mainly during peak hours. =nbsp;As a result, your capacity cost (which is an ISO charge placed on 
=ustomers that go to third party supply) is quite high ($0.016 - $0.018 =er kWh). With this in mind, we are going to 
recommend that you remain on default service for the time being. We will continue to =onitor the market and see if 
there is an opportunity but customers with =oor load factors are better off remaining on default service because =hey 
don't pay the additional capacity charge. Please give me a =all if you have any questions. =nbsp;Thanks, 
Andrew 
EFTA_R1_02021091 
EFTA02688553

Andrew =. Scott, Commodities Analyst 
SourceOne, Inc. 
132 Canal =t. 
Boston, MA 02114 
Phone: 
Fax: 
Email: 
 
_••• 
Confidentiality Note: This e-mail message and any attachments to =t are intended only for the named recipients 
and may contain legally =rivileged and/or confidential information. 
If you are not one of the =ntended recipients, please do not duplicate or forward this e-mail =essage and 
immediately delete it from your computer. 
SourceOne, =nc. 132 Canal Street, Boston, MA 02114 http://www.slinc.com 
***** 
*****•** 
2 
EFTA_R1_02021092 
EFTA02688554

