# EFTA02420502

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinfleevacationagmail.comj From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sun 8/29/2010 11:19:09 PM Subject: Re: Hello out there Occupied for rest of evening. Can I call you in am and if so how early? What time zone? Sent from my iPad On Aug 29, 2010, at 6:41 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>> wrote: On Sun, Aug

**[WORD]:** 9:09 PM Subject: Re: Hello out there Occupied for rest of evening. Can I call you in am and if so how early? What time zone? Sent from my iPad On Aug 29, 2010, at 6:41 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>> wrote: On Sun, Aug 29, 2010 at 3:14 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. «mailto: mailto: wrote: I have tried to get in touch with you many times this past week to no avail. Where are you? Are you ok? tic ********** Ir****ItlerititIc********** ***************** *11* ****** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cl

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinfleevacationagmail.comj 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Sun 8/29/2010 11:19:09 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Hello out there 
Occupied for rest of evening. Can I call you in am and if so how early? What time 
zone? 
Sent from my iPad 
On Aug 29, 2010, at 6:41 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" 
<jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>> wrote: 
On Sun, Aug 29, 2010 at 3:14 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
«mailto: 
mailto: 
wrote: 
I have tried to get in touch with you many times this past week to no avail. 
Where are you? Are you ok? 
tic ********** 
Ir****ItlerititIc********** 
***************** 
*11* 
****** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01486448 
EFTA02420502

