# EFTA02240150

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Hagen, Maddie|
|Sent|Wednesday, March 21, 2018 2:48 PM|
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Hagen, Maddie From: Lesley Groff Sent Wed 3/21/2018 7:24:23 PM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Maddie, lets schedule this Friday March 23, 3:3-4pm.. On Mar 21, 2018, at 2:51 PM, Hagen, Maddie < Lesley, wrote: Thanks for the speedy email! Here are some times Andrew has available for a call in the upcoming week: Fri 3/23, 3:30-4:00pm Tue 3/27, 2:45-3:15pm Wed 3/28, 2:30-3:30pm Thurs 3/29, 3:30-4:30pm Perhaps something during one of these times will work for Jeffrey? Thanks, Ori final Messa e From: Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 2:48 PM To: Hagen, M

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Hagen, Maddie 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Wed 3/21/2018 7:24:23 PM 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Maddie, lets schedule this Friday March 23, 3:3-4pm.. 
On Mar 21, 2018, at 2:51 PM, Hagen, Maddie < 
Lesley, 
wrote: 
Thanks for the speedy email! Here are some times Andrew has available for a call in the 
upcoming week: 
Fri 3/23, 3:30-4:00pm 
Tue 3/27, 2:45-3:15pm 
Wed 3/28, 2:30-3:30pm 
Thurs 3/29, 3:30-4:30pm 
Perhaps something during one of these times will work for Jeffrey? 
Thanks, 
Ori final Messa e 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 2:48 PM 
To: Hagen, Maddie 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello Maddie. Nice chatting with you. I'll speak to Jeffrey about setting up a 15 min call 
within the week. 
I'll get back to you soon. 
Lesley 
Sent from my iPhone 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the 
use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may 
contain information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a 
confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the 
EFTA_R1_01010533 
EFTA02240150

intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, 
copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy 
the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be 
considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any 
agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or 
such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01010534 
EFTA02240151

