# EFTA02410524

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epstein 'eevacation mail corn] From: landonthomasj n behalf of Landon Thomas Sent Tue 7/13/2010 10:50:36 AM Subject Re: Turkey I know he would like that -- he is big fan of Gates. On Tuc, Jul 13, 2010 at 11:41 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@smail.com> wrote: if your turkish friend want to meet Gates , I can organize easily. On Mon, Jul 12, 2010 at 6:44 PM, Landon Thomas ote: Turkey. Turning to the East. Asserts New Economic Power http://www.nytimes.com/2007/12/14/bus

**[WORD]:** n 'eevacation mail corn] From: landonthomasj n behalf of Landon Thomas Sent Tue 7/13/2010 10:50:36 AM Subject Re: Turkey I know he would like that -- he is big fan of Gates. On Tuc, Jul 13, 2010 at 11:41 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@smail.com> wrote: if your turkish friend want to meet Gates , I can organize easily. On Mon, Jul 12, 2010 at 6:44 PM, Landon Thomas ote: Turkey. Turning to the East. Asserts New Economic Power http://www.nytimes.com/2007/12/14/business/14billionairc.html And the best part about Turkey for you? When you ask for a massage you get a fat, hairy man with a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 'eevacation 
mail corn] 
From: 
landonthomasj 
n behalf of Landon Thomas 
Sent 
Tue 7/13/2010 10:50:36 AM 
Subject Re: Turkey 
I know he would like that -- he is big fan of Gates. 
On Tuc, Jul 13, 2010 at 11:41 AM, Jeffrey Epstein leevacation@smail.com> wrote: 
if your turkish friend want to meet Gates , I can organize easily. 
On Mon, Jul 12, 2010 at 6:44 PM, Landon Thomas 
ote: 
Turkey. Turning to the East. Asserts New Economic Power 
http://www.nytimes.com/2007/12/14/business/14billionairc.html 
And the best part about Turkey for you? When you ask for a massage you get a fat, hairy 
man with a mustache. 
Landon Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Correspondent 
New York Times 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
Landon Thomas, Jr. 
Financial Correspondent 
EFTA_R1_01471389 
EFTA02410524

EFTA_R1_01471390 
EFTA02410525

