# EFTA02451336

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.com|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, September 14, 2016 3:23 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: call soon? On Wed, Sep 14, 2016 at 11:21 AM, Eva Dubin at some point!! From: jeevacation@gmail.com Da=e: Wed, 14 Sep 2016 11:13:37 -0400 Subject: To: should we bring mom to new york? apartment? please note The=information contained in this communication is confidential, ma

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, September 14, 2016 3:23 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: call soon? On Wed, Sep 14, 2016 at 11:21 AM, Eva Dubin at some point!! From: jeevacation@gmail.com Da=e: Wed, 14 Sep 2016 11:13:37 -0400 Subject: To: should we bring mom to new york? apartment? please note The=information contained in this communication is confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, September 14, 2016 3:23 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
call soon? 
On Wed, Sep 14, 2016 at 11:21 AM, Eva Dubin 
at some point!! 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
Da=e: Wed, 14 Sep 2016 11:13:37 -0400 
Subject: 
To: 
should we bring mom to new york? apartment? 
please note 
The=information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is inten=ed only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
U=authorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part=thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have receive= this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return=e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and al= copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reser=ed 
> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01550735 
EFTA02451336

=AO please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailtoleevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai..com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01550736 
EFTA02451337

