# EFTA02333131

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Trip to New York|

---

**[FULL]:** ing my stay. Our progress with 21't Century Leaders has been significant since we last spoke, with distribution deals falling into place and artwork contributions arriving from everyone from HM King of Spain to Ozzy Osbourne! I'm now ready for your help!! Would it be possible to meet to discuss Bill Clinton's, Prince Andrew's and Prince Albert's contribution?! I am sending you a new brochure in the post which shows all the artworks to date so you can see how far we have progressed. Another favour I would like to ask of you relates to Kevin Huvane. When we met last year, you mentioned you knew 

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Cc: 
Marcelo de Andrade 
From: 
Jules Valdinger 
Sent: 
Thur 10/14/2004 12:43:34 PM 
Subject: Trip to New York 
Title: Trip to New York 
Dear Ghislaine, 
Just a quick note to let you know I am coming to NY the week commencing the 25th October 
and it would be wonderful if we could arrange to meet during my stay. Our progress with 21't 
Century Leaders has been significant since we last spoke, with distribution deals falling into 
place and artwork contributions arriving from everyone from HM King of Spain to Ozzy 
Osbourne! 
I'm now ready for your help!! Would it be possible to meet to discuss Bill Clinton's, Prince 
Andrew's and Prince Albert's contribution?! I am sending you a new brochure in the post which 
shows all the artworks to date so you can see how far we have progressed. 
Another favour I would like to ask of you relates to Kevin Huvane. When we met last year, you 
mentioned you knew Kevin. Would it be alright If we called him together, so that next time I 
am in LA, I can arrange that infamous lunch with him?! He is the key person down in LA and It 
would be so valuable if I could meet with him to chat about the project. 
Hoping this email finds you and your family well and I really look forward to catching up with 
you in NY when I am there. 
Love Charlotte 
pp Juliet Valdinger 
Executive Assistant to Charlotte di Vita MBE 
21st Century Leaders Ltd 
Studio 8 
Brandon House 
13 Wyfold Road, 
London 
SW6 6SE 
Tel: 
Fax 
Please visit our web-sites at www.centuryleaders.com and www.tradeplusa id . com 
EFTA_R1_01279549 
EFTA02333131

21st Century Leaders, Trade plus Aid & Charlotte di Vita Collections' designs are protected by 
design registration. All copyright, design right and other intellectual property rights in our 
products, designs and trading names, are and remain the property of Trade plus Aid. Trade plus 
Aid will take action to protect its rights. 
EFTA_R1_01279550 
EFTA02333132

