# EFTA02510519

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b> Anna Podkovyrova|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Mort: Exchange Offer|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Hosain Rahman < Sent: Monday, February 16, 2015 9:01 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: Mort: Exchange Offer FYI Be=in forwarded message: <mailto From:=/b> Anna Podkovyrova Date: Februa 16 2015 at 1:50:37 PM MSTTo: "Hosain Rahman " Andrew in. Cc: Will Hawtho=ne Subject: Mort: Exchange Offer Andrew,=C2* <=span> Wanted =o clearly lay out the exchange offer as it pertains to Mort. <=span> Exch=nge offer For eac= new share of Series 6 preferred purchased, Mort gets to take a share of c=mmon stock and convert it to 3.5 shares of

**[WORD]:** man < Sent: Monday, February 16, 2015 9:01 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Fwd: Mort: Exchange Offer FYI Be=in forwarded message: <mailto From:=/b> Anna Podkovyrova Date: Februa 16 2015 at 1:50:37 PM MSTTo: "Hosain Rahman " Andrew in. Cc: Will Hawtho=ne Subject: Mort: Exchange Offer Andrew,=C2* <=span> Wanted =o clearly lay out the exchange offer as it pertains to Mort. <=span> Exch=nge offer For eac= new share of Series 6 preferred purchased, Mort gets to take a share of c=mmon stock and convert it to 3.5 shares of Series 6 preferred. As you =now Series 6 has a lx liquidation

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Hosain Rahman < 
Sent: 
Monday, February 16, 2015 9:01 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: Mort: Exchange Offer 
FYI 
Be=in forwarded message: 
<mailto 
From:=/b> Anna Podkovyrova 
Date: Februa 
16 2015 at 1:50:37 PM MSTTo: "Hosain Rahman " 
Andrew in. 
Cc: Will Hawtho=ne 
Subject: Mort: Exchange Offer 
Andrew,=C2* 
<=span> 
Wanted =o clearly lay out the exchange offer as it pertains to Mort. 
<=span> 
Exch=nge offer 
For eac= new share of Series 6 preferred purchased, Mort gets to take a share of c=mmon stock and 
convert it to 3.5 shares of Series 6 preferred. 
As you =now Series 6 has a lx liquidation preference and is senior to all other ro=nds, so this offer 
allows the common to move up in the stack to be the mos= senior equity and gives them a liquidation price of $39.44 a 
share ($11.26 x 3.5). 
It is a= amazing offer for shareholders that own common. 
<=span> 
See =elow — if they invest $14mm now they end up with $64mm (5.7mm shar=s x $11.26) of Series 6 
Liquidation Preference: 
EFTA_R1_01642289 
EFTA02510519

Please visit http:/=www.codeadvisors.com/disclaimer.html 
<http://www.codeadvisors.com/disclaimer.html> for important disclaimer informat=on regarding this communication. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01642290 
EFTA02510520

