# EFTA02303152

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Karyna Shuliak Sent: Frida , Jul 3, 2015 2:15 PM To: Cc: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: Ambulance for JE Thank you Dr. Shimony! We greatly appreciate your help! > On Jul 3, 2015, at 7:18 AM, wrote: > Eva & Karyna > When you are ready, a friend and colleague Morris Steinberg who's > involved in the ambulance service and ran the NY Mo=roe department for > 30+ years

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Karyna Shuliak 
Sent: 
Frida , Jul 3, 2015 2:15 PM 
To: 
Cc: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: Ambulance for JE 
Thank you Dr. Shimony! We greatly appreciate your help! 
> On Jul 3, 2015, at 7:18 AM, 
wrote: 
> Eva & Karyna 
> When you are ready, a friend and colleague Morris Steinberg who's 
> involved in the ambulance service and ran the NY Mo=roe department for 
> 30+ years is willing and very capable to help set up the=two 
> ambulances He's connections will get the best pricing as well 
> Happy fourth of July 
>r 
> R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
> Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown Associate 
> Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of medicine 
> Cardiovascular Institute 
> 485 Madison Ave., 
> 17th floor 
> New York NY 10022 
> dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:45 PM, Karyna Shuliak 
» That would be a tremendous help! 
» Thank you very much! 
>» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:43 PM 
>>> 
rote: 
r=te: 
EFTA_R1_01174393 
EFTA02303152

>» Sure 
>» 
>» 
>» Head EMS colleagues friends & ER guys can set us up 
>» 
>» Let Eva & I know when ready 
>>>r 
>>> 
>>> 
>» R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
>» Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown 
>» Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of 
>» medicine Cardiovascular Institute 
>» 485 Madison Ave., 
>» 17th floor 
>» New York, NY 10022 
>» 
>» 
>>> 
>>> 
>» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:24 PM, Eva Dub' 
>>» 
»» I will look into this when I am back in NY... 
»» I also cc Rony on this.... so we can brainstorm together... 
>>» 
»» Sent from my iPhone 
>>» 
>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 9:47 PM, Karyna Shuliak 
ote: 
>>>» 
>»» Hi Eva, 
>>>» 
>»» Jeffrey wants to purchase 2 fully equipped ambulance machines: 1 for t=e island, and 1 for the ranch. May be you 
know somebody who could help us w=th the process, especially regarding all the equipment? we would really 
app=eciate any help! 
>»» Please let me know. 
rote: 
>>>» 
>»» Thank you so much! 
>»» And I hope you enjoy your vacation! 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>32079</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01174394 
EFTA02303153

<integer>1435932891</integer> 
<key>flagsqkey> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>remote-ick/key> 
<string>7005</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01174395 
EFTA02303154

