# EFTA02258253

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff <|
|To|Eva Dubin 4IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII>|
|Sent|Tuesday, September 25, 2018 11:14 AM|
|Subject|Muffins coming to your apartment-Please put in your Refrigerator!|

---

**[FULL]:** To: Lesley Groff Eva Dubin From: Allison Yorke Sent Tue 9/25/2018 3:22:17 PM Subject: RE: Muffins coming to your apartment-Please put in your Refrigerator! I So sweet! We will make sure to put in the refrigerator. Allison Yorke DUBIN & COMPANY 767 Fifth Avenue - 45th Floor I New York, NY 10153 T: 212.652.83261 M

**[FULL]:** ment-Please put in your Refrigerator! I So sweet! We will make sure to put in the refrigerator. Allison Yorke DUBIN & COMPANY 767 Fifth Avenue - 45th Floor I New York, NY 10153 T: 212.652.83261 M: E: Original Message From: Lesley Groff < Sent: Tuesday, September 25, 2018 11:14 AM To: Eva Dubin 4IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII> Cc: Allison Yorke < Subject: Muffins coming to your apartment-Please put in your Refrigerator! Hi Eva. Valdson is here and has made you muffins! Jojo will deliver the muffins to your apartment shortly...they need to be placed in your refrigerator per Valdson! Thanks, Les

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Lesley Groff 
Eva Dubin 
From: 
Allison Yorke 
Sent 
Tue 9/25/2018 3:22:17 PM 
Subject: RE: Muffins coming to your apartment-Please put in your Refrigerator! 
I 
So sweet! We will make sure to put in the refrigerator. 
Allison Yorke 
DUBIN & COMPANY 
767 Fifth Avenue - 45th Floor 
I 
New York, NY 10153 
T: 212.652.83261 M: 
E: 
 
Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff < 
Sent: Tuesday, September 25, 2018 11:14 AM 
To: Eva Dubin 4IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII> 
Cc: Allison Yorke < 
Subject: Muffins coming to your apartment-Please put in your Refrigerator! 
Hi Eva. Valdson is here and has made you muffins! Jojo will deliver the muffins 
to your apartment shortly...they need to be placed in your refrigerator per 
Valdson! 
Thanks, 
Lesley 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_01053237 
EFTA02258253

