# EFTA00025282 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 13

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM <
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Sunday, October 10, 20217:03 PM
- **Subject:** (EXTERNAL) Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Cc: " )" Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Sun, 10 Oct 2021 23:45:00 +0000 )" Thanks for letting us know. And sorry you have to receive these emails. I think this is certainly better handled by the court than us as we have no control over theses issues. Since was copied I'm sure she is handling up her chain. Does anyon

### Match 2
> dling up her chain. Does anyone have any other thoughts? Happy to discuss if you'd like. Sent from my iPhone On Oct 10, 2021, at 7:17 PM, (USANYS) c > wrote: Chiefs, FYI. From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM < Sent: Sunday, October 10, 20217:03 PM To: Cc: >; Christian Everdell < Subject: (EXTERNAL) Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 >; Good evening- You failed to provide any update concerning the whereabouts of Ms. Maxwell's legal mail that I had placed in the legal mailbox on 10/2. However, on Friday afternoon, I was informed by Ms. Maxwell and Unit Manager that the envelope had been located and affixed to it

### Match 3
> From: To: Cc: " )" Subject: Re: [EXTERNAL] Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Sun, 10 Oct 2021 23:45:00 +0000 )" Thanks for letting us know. And sorry you have to receive these emails. I think this is certainly better handled by the court than us as we have no control over theses issues. Since was copied I'm sure she is handling up her chain. Do

### Match 4
> dling up her chain. Does anyone have any other thoughts? Happy to discuss if you'd like. Sent from my iPhone On Oct 10, 2021, at 7:17 PM, (USANYS) c > wrote: Chiefs, FYI. From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM < Sent: Sunday, October 10, 20217:03 PM To: Cc: >; Christian Everdell < Subject: (EXTERNAL) Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 >; Good evening- You failed to provide any update concerning the whereabouts of Ms. Maxwell's legal mail that I had placed in the legal mailbox on 10/2. However, on Friday afternoon, I was informed by Ms. Maxwell and Unit Manager that the envelope had been located and affixe

### Match 5
> On Oct 10, 2021, at 7:17 PM, (USANYS) c > wrote: Chiefs, FYI. From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM < Sent: Sunday, October 10, 20217:03 PM To: Cc: >; Christian Everdell < Subject: (EXTERNAL) Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 >; Good evening- You failed to provide any update concerning the whereabouts of Ms. Maxwell's legal mail that I had placed in the legal mailbox on 10/2. However, on Friday afternoon, I was informed by Ms. Maxwell and Unit Manager that the envelope had been located and affixed to it was a bar-code type sticker, not generated by the MDC, but of the type issued by the U.S. Post Office.

### Match 6
> :03 PM To: Cc: >; Christian Everdell < Subject: (EXTERNAL) Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 >; Good evening- You failed to provide any update concerning the whereabouts of Ms. Maxwell's legal mail that I had placed in the legal mailbox on 10/2. However, on Friday afternoon, I was informed by Ms. Maxwell and Unit Manager that the envelope had been located and affixed to it was a bar-code type sticker, not generated by the MDC, but of the type issued by the U.S. Post Office. I had placed the envelope in the legal mailbox. It did not have postage. If, for some questionable reason, it had been ha

### Match 7
> r it to the MDC without postage. This suggests some type of foul play on the part of the MDC, or at least some type of cover-up. I am informed that the Warden is aware of this. Today, I received the envelope from Unit Manager Today, Christian Everdell, Esq. and I had a scheduled legal visit with Ms. Maxwell. Rather than permitting us to use a somewhat larger room, we were required to use a room for two. This completely defeated the purpose of COVID protective measures. The plastic partition did not shield Mr. Everdell and there was little or no table surface for him to use. The room was unnecessari

### Match 8
> m could not position the camera to focus on the larger room. This response was bogus. I requested to see the Warden, but that request was never honored. EFTA00025282 Further, defense counsel at large have heard about the current electricity issues affecting water, toilet flushing, and meals. Ms. Maxwell received a bologna sandwich despite being on no-flesh (vegetarian) diet. This is yet another blunder on the part of the MDC which needs to be immediately corrected. I will not waste my energy requesting a response because even if forthcoming it will likely be insufficient. These matters will be

### Match 9
> t read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. On Oct 7, 2021, at 7:45 AM, BOBBI C STERNHEIM c > wrote: Good morning- If by 9:30 this morning (10/7) Ms. Maxwell does not receive the legal mail deposited in the MDC legal mailbox on Saturday (10/2), an order to show cause will be filed with the Court. I urge you to respond and comply immediately. Bobbi BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim Main: Cell: Fax: This message and any a

### Match 10
> ient, you may not read, copy, distribute, or use this information. If you have received this transmission in error, please notify the sender immediately by reply e-mail and then delete this message. Thank you. EFTA00025283 On Oct 6, 2021, at 7:00 PM, BOBBI C STERNHEIM < wrote: Good afternoon- Ms. Maxwell still has not received the legal mail (a properly addressed manila envelope) that I deposited in the East Building legal mailbox on Saturday 10/2 shortly after 3 pm while I was escorted to the lobby by a male guard. Please contact me immediately. Thank you- Bobbi Please note my new office addr
