# EFTA00027031 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 6

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Andrew Patel ilMila>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Frida December 20 2019 5:14 PM
- **Subject:** RE:

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Andrew Patel -"Ma Cc: Jill Shellow MEW, Don Yannella Subject: RE: Epstein Date: Fri, 20 Dec 2019 22:56:20 +0000 Thanks Andy, we will review and get back to you early next week. Original Message From: Andrew Patel ilMila> Sent: Frida December 20 2019 5:14 PM To: Cc: Jill Shellow Subject: RE:

### Match 2
> From: To: Andrew Patel -"Ma Cc: Jill Shellow MEW, Don Yannella Subject: RE: Epstein Date: Fri, 20 Dec 2019 22:56:20 +0000 Thanks Andy, we will review and get back to you early next week. Original Message From: Andrew Patel ilMila> Sent: Frida December 20 2019 5:14 PM To: Cc: Jill Shellow Subject: RE: pstein We have attached a proposed disclosure cover letter that is modeled on a letter sent by the Government in United States v. Madonna, 17 Cr. 89 (CS). We have also attached proposed redacted disclosures.

### Match 3
> ibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, please notify me immediately by telephone at (212) 349-0230 and by return e-mail, and delete all copies of the message from your computer. Thank you. EFTA00027031 Original Messa From: [mailto: Sent: Friday, December 20, 2019 10:01 AM To: Andrew Patel Cc: Jill Shellow; Don Yannella; Subject: RE: Epstein Andy, Attached are unredacted and redacted copies of the notes. As discussed, we intend to produce redacted copies of the notes pursuant to the protective order, and produce Mr. name and your contact information to defense counsel o

### Match 4
> ame will be changed to the bates number so it will not include his name. I'm also copying my co-counsel please include them on emails going forward. Finally, is aware that we are providing these notes to you. Thanks, and please feel free to give us a call to discuss. Original Message From: Andrew Patel Sent: Frida , December 20, 2019 8:15 AM To: Cc: Andrew Patel Jill Shellow Subject: ,.Epstein ; Don Yannella Please send us a copy of the disclosure that you are considering as to Mr. . Seeing the planned disclosure about our client will help us fashion a means of addressing the con

### Match 5
> is name. I'm also copying my co-counsel please include them on emails going forward. Finally, is aware that we are providing these notes to you. Thanks, and please feel free to give us a call to discuss. Original Message From: Andrew Patel Sent: Frida , December 20, 2019 8:15 AM To: Cc: Andrew Patel Jill Shellow Subject: ,.Epstein ; Don Yannella Please send us a copy of the disclosure that you are considering as to Mr. . Seeing the planned disclosure about our client will help us fashion a means of addressing the concerns we discussed last night. Many thanks, Andy Andrew G. Pa

### Match 6
> Cc: Andrew Patel Jill Shellow Subject: ,.Epstein ; Don Yannella Please send us a copy of the disclosure that you are considering as to Mr. . Seeing the planned disclosure about our client will help us fashion a means of addressing the concerns we discussed last night. Many thanks, Andy Andrew G. Patel Attorney at Law Sent from my phone EFTA00027032
