# EFTA00010965 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Wednesday, July 8, 2020 12:28 PM
- **Subject:** Grand Jury Return - US v. Maxwell, S1 20 Cr. 330 (AJN)

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Subject: RE: Grand Jury Return - US v. Maxwell, S1 20 Cr. 330 (AN) Date: Fri, 10 Jul 2020 13:20:22 +0000 Attachments: Maxwell_Superseding_Indictment_-_Sl_20_Cr._330_(AJN).pdf Inline-Images: image001.png Good morning, This superseding indictment does not appear to have been docketed on ECF. Would it be possible to please docket it today so

### Match 2
> e to please docket it today so that the Court and the defendant have notice of the new indictment before next week's arraignment? I have attached a color scan of the signed indictment, which can be filed. From: Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2020 12:28 PM To: Cc: Subject: Grand Jury Return - US v. Maxwell, S1 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Good afternoon, Attached is the grand jury return for US v. Maxwell, which was previously wheeled out to Judge Nathan in Manhattan. The superseding indictment is unsealed. There are no warrants for this matter. Best Regards, Assistant United States Attorney United States

### Match 3
> ictment before next week's arraignment? I have attached a color scan of the signed indictment, which can be filed. From: Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2020 12:28 PM To: Cc: Subject: Grand Jury Return - US v. Maxwell, S1 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Good afternoon, Attached is the grand jury return for US v. Maxwell, which was previously wheeled out to Judge Nathan in Manhattan. The superseding indictment is unsealed. There are no warrants for this matter. Best Regards, Assistant United States Attorney United States Attorney's Office Southern District of New York New York, New York 10007 EFTA00010965 E
