# EFTA02673116

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Sunday, September 8, 2013 1:16 AM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: That is when I wake up:) I just called you... Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sun, 8 Sep 2013 00:42:41 To: Subject: Re: =ow about t

**[FULL]:** at is when I wake up:) I just called you... Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Sun, 8 Sep 2013 00:42:41 To: Subject: Re: =ow about tomorow morning you stop around 10 am =0A=0,4=0A=0A=n Sat, Sep 7, 2013 at 8:41 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: -is so tired. When are you going to bed?? Do you want to come here for =0 minutes? =ent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry =0A=----Original Message =rom: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>=> =ate: Sun, 8 Sep 2013 00:30:55 =o: =ubject: =0A=0A=re y

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Sunday, September 8, 2013 1:16 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
That is when I wake up:) 
I just called you... 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Sun, 8 Sep 2013 00:42:41 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
=ow about tomorow morning you stop around 10 am 
=0A=0,4=0A=0A=n Sat, Sep 7, 2013 at 8:41 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
-is 
so tired. When are you going to bed?? Do you want to come here for =0 minutes? 
=ent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
=0A=----Original Message 
=rom: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>=> 
=ate: Sun, 8 Sep 2013 00:30:55 
=o: 
=ubject: 
=0A=0A=re you coming? 
=0A=DA=-
=*********•** 
******** 
**** 
******* 
*•*** 
***** 
**•** 
********** 
** 
=he information contained in this communication is 
=onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
=onstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
=he use of the addressee. It is the property of 
=effrey Epstein 
=nauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
=ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
=nd may be unlawful. If you have received this 
=ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by 
=eturn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
a=d 
=estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=0A=0A=0A=-
=he information contained in this communication is 
=onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
=onstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
=he use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA_R1_01948485 
EFTA02673116

=effrey Epstein 
=nauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
=ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
=nd may be unlawful. If you have received this 
=ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by 
=eturn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmatom> , and 
=estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1378602942</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8623750149</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>27</integer> 
<integer>7</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>339609</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01948486 
EFTA02673117

