# EFTA00022062 -- PRINCE ANDREW

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 79

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> riminal Matters between the U.S. and the UK, as amended by the 16 December 2004 Instrument and exchange of notes ("the Treaty"). The United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (collectively the "U.S. authorities") seek to interview H.R.H. Prince Andrew Albert Christian Edward, the Duke of York, also known as Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor ("Prince Andrew" or"the witness"), relating to two ongoing criminal investigations. In addition, U.S. authorities seek records of certain communications and meetings between Prince Andrew and the subjects of one

### Match 2
> nge of notes ("the Treaty"). The United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York and the Federal Bureau of Investigation (collectively the "U.S. authorities") seek to interview H.R.H. Prince Andrew Albert Christian Edward, the Duke of York, also known as Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor ("Prince Andrew" or"the witness"), relating to two ongoing criminal investigations. In addition, U.S. authorities seek records of certain communications and meetings between Prince Andrew and the subjects of one investigation. With regard to the interview, U.S. authorities request to conduct a voluntary interv

### Match 3
> eek to interview H.R.H. Prince Andrew Albert Christian Edward, the Duke of York, also known as Andrew Mountbatten-Windsor ("Prince Andrew" or"the witness"), relating to two ongoing criminal investigations. In addition, U.S. authorities seek records of certain communications and meetings between Prince Andrew and the subjects of one investigation. With regard to the interview, U.S. authorities request to conduct a voluntary interview of Prince Andrew and request the assistance of UK authorities in arranging for such an interview. In the event that the witness declines to participate in a voluntary in

### Match 4
> witness"), relating to two ongoing criminal investigations. In addition, U.S. authorities seek records of certain communications and meetings between Prince Andrew and the subjects of one investigation. With regard to the interview, U.S. authorities request to conduct a voluntary interview of Prince Andrew and request the assistance of UK authorities in arranging for such an interview. In the event that the witness declines to participate in a voluntary interview, U.S. authorities request that UK authorities conduct a compelled interview of the witness under oath. 1 EFTA00022062 The U.S. authori

### Match 5
> ed suicide in his cell. Notwithstanding Epstein's death, the investigation that led to his indictment remains ongoing. That ongoing investigation has revealed evidence of additional criminal conduct by Epstein's associates, including Ghislaine Maxwell. The investigation to date has revealed that Prince Andrew may have been a witness to and/or participant in certain events of relevance to the ongoing investigation. For example, one victim has alleged that Maxwell introduced her to Prince Andrew who, according to this victim, was present for certain of the victim's interactions with Epstein and Maxwell

### Match 6
> al conduct by Epstein's associates, including Ghislaine Maxwell. The investigation to date has revealed that Prince Andrew may have been a witness to and/or participant in certain events of relevance to the ongoing investigation. For example, one victim has alleged that Maxwell introduced her to Prince Andrew who, according to this victim, was present for certain of the victim's interactions with Epstein and Maxwell. Additionally, documentary evidence uncovered during the course of this investigation has revealed information suggesting that Prince Andrew had knowledge that Maxwell recruited females t

### Match 7
> tim has alleged that Maxwell introduced her to Prince Andrew who, according to this victim, was present for certain of the victim's interactions with Epstein and Maxwell. Additionally, documentary evidence uncovered during the course of this investigation has revealed information suggesting that Prince Andrew had knowledge that Maxwell recruited females to 3 EFTA00022064 engage in sex acts with Epstein and other men. Finally, there is evidence that Prince Andrew engaged in sexual conduct involving one of Epstein's victims. Prince Andrew is not presently a target of the investigation, and U.S. autho

### Match 8
> and Maxwell. Additionally, documentary evidence uncovered during the course of this investigation has revealed information suggesting that Prince Andrew had knowledge that Maxwell recruited females to 3 EFTA00022064 engage in sex acts with Epstein and other men. Finally, there is evidence that Prince Andrew engaged in sexual conduct involving one of Epstein's victims. Prince Andrew is not presently a target of the investigation, and U.S. authorities have not, to date, gathered evidence that he has committed any crime under U.S. law. Investigation Ili The Peter Nygard Investigation The U.S. author

### Match 9
> of this investigation has revealed information suggesting that Prince Andrew had knowledge that Maxwell recruited females to 3 EFTA00022064 engage in sex acts with Epstein and other men. Finally, there is evidence that Prince Andrew engaged in sexual conduct involving one of Epstein's victims. Prince Andrew is not presently a target of the investigation, and U.S. authorities have not, to date, gathered evidence that he has committed any crime under U.S. law. Investigation Ili The Peter Nygard Investigation The U.S. authorities are investigating Peter Nygard, a Canadian citizen, and other co- consp

### Match 10
> Cay." Sex trafficking victims were transported internationally, including between the Bahamas and locations in the United States. The investigation of Peter Nygard and others is ongoing and no charges have been filed as of this date. The investigation has revealed that, on at least one occasion, Prince Andrew travelled to Nygard Cay in the Bahamas, a location where Nygard is believed to have trafficked minor and adult female victims. U.S. authorities seek to question Prince Andrew regarding his visit(s) to Nygard Cay during the time period under investigation, and other information he may have about
