# EFTA00025165 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 6

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> U.S. Department of Justice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Si!lo J. Mollo Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, New York 10007 October 29, 2021 VIA CERTIFIED MAIL Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. MDC Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center P.O. Box 329002 Brooklyn, NY 11232 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) The password for the disc containin discove materials and Government Exhibits pertinent to Ghislaine Maxwell ( ) is Very truly yours, DAMIAN WI

### Match 2
> States Attorney Southern District of New York The Si!lo J. Mollo Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, New York 10007 October 29, 2021 VIA CERTIFIED MAIL Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. MDC Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center P.O. Box 329002 Brooklyn, NY 11232 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) The password for the disc containin discove materials and Government Exhibits pertinent to Ghislaine Maxwell ( ) is Very truly yours, DAMIAN WILLIAMS United States Attorney by: L/ Assistant United States Attorneys EFTA00025165

### Match 3
> ctober 29, 2021 VIA CERTIFIED MAIL Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. MDC Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center P.O. Box 329002 Brooklyn, NY 11232 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) The password for the disc containin discove materials and Government Exhibits pertinent to Ghislaine Maxwell ( ) is Very truly yours, DAMIAN WILLIAMS United States Attorney by: L/ Assistant United States Attorneys EFTA00025165

### Match 4
> U.S. Department of Justice United States Attorney Southern District of New York The Si!lo J. Mollo Building One Saint Andrew's Plaza New York, New York 10007 October 29, 2021 VIA CERTIFIED MAIL Ghislaine Maxwell (Reg. No. MDC Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center P.O. Box 329002 Brooklyn, NY 11232 Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) The password for the disc containin discove materials and Government Exhibits pertinent to Ghislaine Maxwell ( ) is Very truly yours, D
