# EFTA02395937

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, dinner

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffre= Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Larry Cohen; Bill Gates|
|Sent|Friday, February 28, 2014 4:06 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Larry Cohen Sent: Saturday, March 1, 2014 5:45 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein; Bill Gates Subject: RE: I had another conversatio= with Dick yesterday and will get you both reconnected. He gets what=we are trying to accomplish and your help is valued. Reid is invited to the di=ner and we are doing some other things with his firm. <=p> <=p> From: Jeffre= Epstein [mailto:jeevacatio

**[FULL]:** get you both reconnected. He gets what=we are trying to accomplish and your help is valued. Reid is invited to the di=ner and we are doing some other things with his firm. <=p> <=p> From: Jeffre= Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Friday, February 28, 2014 4:06 AM To: Larry Cohen; Bill Gates Subject: it would be helpful to have a quality point pe=son acting from your side. . ? any suggestions?&nb=p; should we use melanie? , did you invite Reid hoffman to you= dinner on the 18th.? larry if you get a chance , lets speak ******** **** ********** *** ********* *** ***** ******* ***** *

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Larry Cohen 
Sent: 
Saturday, March 1, 2014 5:45 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein; Bill Gates 
Subject: 
RE: 
I had another conversatio= with Dick yesterday and will get you both reconnected. He gets what=we are trying to 
accomplish and your help is valued. 
Reid is invited to the di=ner and we are doing some other things with his firm. 
<=p> 
<=p> 
From: Jeffre= Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, February 28, 2014 4:06 AM 
To: Larry Cohen; Bill Gates 
Subject: 
it would be helpful to have a quality point pe=son acting from your side. . ? any suggestions?&nb=p; should we use 
melanie? , did you invite Reid hoffman to you= dinner on the 18th.? larry if you get a chance , lets speak 
******** **** ********** *** ********* *** ***** ******* ***** ***** 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01427612 
EFTA02395937

