# EFTA02457375

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, July 9, 2016 12:24 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: new york On Sat, Jul 9, 2016 at 8:22 AM, Eva Dubin Are you in NY?? Sent from my iPhone > wrote: On =ul 9, 2016, at 3:13 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> wrote: <=lockquote type="cite"> great jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: all good? =div d

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Saturday, July 9, 2016 12:24 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: new york On Sat, Jul 9, 2016 at 8:22 AM, Eva Dubin Are you in NY?? Sent from my iPhone > wrote: On =ul 9, 2016, at 3:13 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> wrote: <=lockquote type="cite"> great jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: all good? =div data-smartmail="gmail_signature"> =C2 please note The information

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, July 9, 2016 12:24 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
new york 
On Sat, Jul 9, 2016 at 8:22 AM, Eva Dubin 
Are you in NY?? 
Sent from my iPhone 
> wrote: 
On =ul 9, 2016, at 3:13 PM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> wrote: 
<=lockquote type="cite"> 
great 
jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
all good? 
=div data-smartmail="gmail_signature"> 
=C2 
please note 
The information contained in t=is communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, ma= 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of =he addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure=or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohib=ted 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in =rror, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.c=m, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
includ=ng all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01561138 
EFTA02457375

=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use =f the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclos=re or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication =n error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to =a href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" 
target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
Th= information contained in this communication is confidential, may be at=orney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is inte=ded only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE =nauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any par= thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
receiv=d this communication in error, please notify us immediately by retur= e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and a=l copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights rese=ved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01561139 
EFTA02457376

