# EFTA00025000 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 3

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: Cc: Subject: Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11 Date: Mon, 11 Jan 2021 14:48:18 +0000 It will be myself DIM Best, >>> PM >» Good afternoon, 1812021 2:20 The FBI has very kindly agreed to deliver two new drives from my office to the MDC for Ghislaine Maxwell on Monday, January 11th. I've cc'd who will be coordinating the delivery. Would you please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the delivery and who will be available to receive the drives on Monday? Thank you all very much for your help. Best, Assistant United States Attorney S

### Match 2
> From: To: Cc: Subject: Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11 Date: Mon, 11 Jan 2021 14:48:18 +0000 It will be myself DIM Best, >>> PM >» Good afternoon, 1812021 2:20 The FBI has very kindly agreed to deliver two new drives from my office to the MDC for Ghislaine Maxwell on Monday, January 11th. I've cc'd who will be coordinating the delivery. Would you please let us know what time the FBI should plan to make the delivery and who will be available to receive the drives on Monday? Thank you all very much for your help. Best, Assistant United States Att

### Match 3
> From: To: Cc: Subject: Re: Maxwell drive delivery Monday 1/11 Date: Mon, 11 Jan 2021 14:48:18 +0000 It will be myself DIM Best, >>> PM >» Good afternoon, 1812021 2:20 The FBI has very kindly agreed to deliver two new drives from my office to the MDC for Ghislaine Maxwell on Monday, January 11th. I've cc'd who will be coord
