# EFTA02239879

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** The alarm is still on Nili...I am not sure cell numbers I have for you and Ehud...I ha is old_I believe Leo was able to reach a to contact the person in charge of alarm. > On Mar 16, 2018, at 12:52 PM, >> On Mar 16, 2018, at 6:26 PM, >> Hi Nili...wanted you to know the set the alarm_however, Andrew has entire ceiling on Monday for you. alarm Monday March 19th at 9am so >> who else to call...I have tried all the d a number for a security person but it security person and was told he will try So sorry about this trouble! Nili Priell Thank you for notifying. Yes, they can - I will disa

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Sent: 
Subject: 
Re: Jeffrey Epstein-11J Ceiling work 
Mon 3/19/2018 2:04:13 PM 
The alarm is still on Nili...I am not sure 
cell numbers I have for you and Ehud...I ha 
is old_I believe Leo was able to reach a 
to contact the person in charge of alarm. 
> On Mar 16, 2018, at 12:52 PM, 
>> On Mar 16, 2018, at 6:26 PM, 
>> Hi Nili...wanted you to know the 
set the alarm_however, Andrew has 
entire ceiling on Monday for you. 
alarm Monday March 19th at 9am so 
>> 
who else to call...I have tried all the 
d a number for a security person but it 
security person and was told he will try 
So sorry about this trouble! 
Nili Priell 
Thank you for notifying. 
Yes, they can - I will disarm previous to this date. 
We will be back in the appartment on Tuesday early morning. 
Nili 
wrote: 
wrote: 
men are done for the day in 113 and you may re 
called me to tell me he wishes to paint the 
Would it be possible for you to disarm the 
the men can paint the ceiling? 
EFTA_R1_01009820 
EFTA02239879

