# EFTA02387827

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E.|
|To|Bill Gates; Larry Cohe|
|Sent|6/=FD16/2014 6:55 PM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Larry Cohen Sent: Tuesday, June 17, 2014 2:38 AM To: Jeffrey E.; Bill Gates Subject: RE: I'm returning=from wedding and travel. Bill is also on the road. I can talk =omorrow AM at 745 pst Sent from my Windows Phone From: jeffrey E. Sent: 6/=FD16/2014 6:55 PM To: Bill Gates; Larry Cohe Subject: i left a voice mail for larry today, and emails = , so far no return, e

**[FULL]:** From: Larry Cohen Sent: Tuesday, June 17, 2014 2:38 AM To: Jeffrey E.; Bill Gates Subject: RE: I'm returning=from wedding and travel. Bill is also on the road. I can talk =omorrow AM at 745 pst Sent from my Windows Phone From: jeffrey E. Sent: 6/=FD16/2014 6:55 PM To: Bill Gates; Larry Cohe Subject: i left a voice mail for larry today, and emails = , so far no return, everything ok? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Larry Cohen 
Sent: 
Tuesday, June 17, 2014 2:38 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey E.; Bill Gates 
Subject: 
RE: 
I'm returning=from wedding and travel. Bill is also on the road. I can talk =omorrow AM at 745 pst 
Sent from my Windows Phone 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: 6/=FD16/2014 6:55 PM 
To: Bill Gates; Larry Cohe 
Subject: 
i left a voice mail for larry today, and emails = , so far no return, everything ok? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmailcom <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01409787 
EFTA02387827

