# EFTA02331339

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj|
|To|Peitz, Erica; Karina Shuliak|
|Sent|Wednesday, July 23, 2014 11:45 AM|
|Subject|Fwd:|

---

**[FULL]:** immediately by replying to this message and deleting this message, any attachments, and all copies and backups from your computer. From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj Sent: Wednesday, July 23, 2014 11:45 AM To: Peitz, Erica; Karina Shuliak Subject: Fwd: Forwarded message From: Eva Dubin <evadubin@hotmail.com <mailto:evadubin@hotmail.com» Date: Wed, Jul 23, 2014 at 10:46 AM Subject: RE: To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» she is scheduled for August 6th at 3pm with Dr Tierstein. As soon as she is here she should bring everything ( path repoer

**[WORD]:** Wed, Jul 23, 2014 at 10:46 AM Subject: RE: To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» she is scheduled for August 6th at 3pm with Dr Tierstein. As soon as she is here she should bring everything ( path repoert , imaging , paraffin blocks, slides etc....) over to the Dubin Breast Center attention Melissa Bellino. Date: Wed, 23 Jul 2014 08:31:20 -0400 Subject: From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> To: evadubin@hotmail.com <mailto:evadubin@hotmail.com> ; kari.shulia@gmail.com <mailto:kari.shulia@gmail.com> 2 EFTA_R1_01264325 EFTA02331340 le

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Peitz, Erica 
Sent: 
Wednesday, July 23, 2014 3:46 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E.; Karina Shuliak 
Subject: 
RE: Fwd: 
Received. We are working on your letter. 
Thank you, 
Erica Peitz, MSPT 
Director 
International and Executive Services 
Office of the President 
The Mount Sinai Health System 
Email: 
International Services - The Mount Sinai Hospital <http://www.mountsinai.org/patient-care/international-services> 
EFTA_R1_01264324 
EFTA02331339

Please note that this e-mail and any files transmitted with it may be privileged, confidential, and protected from 
disclosure under applicable law. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or an employee or agent 
responsible for delivering this message to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any reading, 
dissemination, distribution, copying, or other use of this communication or any of its attachments is strictly prohibited. If 
you have received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by replying to this message and 
deleting this message, any attachments, and all copies and backups from your computer. 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Wednesday, July 23, 2014 11:45 AM 
To: Peitz, Erica; Karina Shuliak 
Subject: Fwd: 
 
Forwarded message 
From: Eva Dubin <evadubin@hotmail.com <mailto:evadubin@hotmail.com» 
Date: Wed, Jul 23, 2014 at 10:46 AM 
Subject: RE: 
To: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
she is scheduled for August 6th at 3pm with Dr Tierstein. 
As soon as she is here she should bring everything ( path repoert , imaging , paraffin blocks, slides etc....) over to the 
Dubin Breast Center attention Melissa Bellino. 
Date: Wed, 23 Jul 2014 08:31:20 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: evadubin@hotmail.com <mailto:evadubin@hotmail.com> ; kari.shulia@gmail.com <mailto:kari.shulia@gmail.com> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01264325 
EFTA02331340

lets get an appt for her for the week of aug 4 for consultaion , thanks 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01264326 
EFTA02331341

