# EFTA02724148

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Thur 12/20/2012 1:04:53 PM Subject: Re: Of course, if the world ends tomorrow, I won't see you on 1/2, but will die cherishing the friendship. Sent from my iPad On Dec 20, 2012, at 8:01 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: great great On Thu, Dec 20, 2012 at 8:59 AM

**[WORD]:** Thur 12/20/2012 1:04:53 PM Subject: Re: Of course, if the world ends tomorrow, I won't see you on 1/2, but will die cherishing the friendship. Sent from my iPad On Dec 20, 2012, at 8:01 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: great great On Thu, Dec 20, 2012 at 8:59 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. wrote: Jan 2. How are you? Sent from my iPad On Dec 20, 2012, at 3:47 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevaeation@ginnil.com> wrote: What day are you coming ************************** ********************************* The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorn

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.com[jeevacation©gmail.com]; Jeffrey Epsteinbeevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Thur 12/20/2012 1:04:53 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Of course, if the world ends tomorrow, I won't see you on 1/2, but will die cherishing the 
friendship. 
Sent from my iPad 
On Dec 20, 2012, at 8:01 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
great great 
On Thu, Dec 20, 2012 at 8:59 AM, Farkas, Andrew L. 
wrote: 
Jan 2. How are you? 
Sent from my iPad 
On Dec 20, 2012, at 3:47 AM, "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevaeation@ginnil.com> wrote: 
What day are you coming 
************************** 
********************************* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, 
EFTA_R1_02210771 
EFTA02724148

privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or 
otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using 
this message or any information contained herein (including any reliance 
thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please 
contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including any 
attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard 
copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally 
binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with C-III 
Capital Partners LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully 
executed agreement to be received by C-III Capital Partners LLC or such affiliate. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by c-mail to jet). acation6i_gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the 
use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain 
information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or 
non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by 
contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately 
and destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, 
whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be 
considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with C-
HI Capital Partners LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by C-III Capital Partners LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_02210772 
EFTA02724149

