# EFTA02373795

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Friday, July 22, 2011 9:26 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Is his wife ok? Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Fri, 22 Jul 2011 21:04:37 To: Subject: Re: he is on his way to oslo =0A=0A=n Fri, Jul 2

**[FULL]:** y 22, 2011 9:26 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Is his wife ok? Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Fri, 22 Jul 2011 21:04:37 To: Subject: Re: he is on his way to oslo =0A=0A=n Fri, Jul 22, 2011 at 4:43 PM, Eva Dubin > wrote: =0A=0A=0A=all me 011 46 523 22 113 <tel:011%2046 020523 02022 020113> . =Have you spoken to Terje yet regarding the attack on the Norwegian governm=nt? I would love some inside info. =0A=0A=- =###t#tp#t##tt#tt##tt#t##tt#tttN#ttt#ta#4tt#at##t##at#tt# =he information contained in this

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Friday, July 22, 2011 9:26 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
Is his wife ok? 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Fri, 22 Jul 2011 21:04:37 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
he is on his way to oslo 
=0A=0A=n Fri, Jul 22, 2011 at 4:43 PM, Eva Dubin 
> wrote: 
=0A=0A=0A=all me 011 46 523 22 113 <tel:011%2046 020523 02022 020113> . 
=Have you spoken to Terje yet regarding the attack on the Norwegian governm=nt? I would love some inside info. 
=0A=0A=- 
=###t#tp#t##tt#tt##tt#t##tt#tttN#ttt#ta#4tt#at##t##at#tt# 
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =onstitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =nd may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<real>0.0</real> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<real>1311370015</real> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>original-mailbox</key> 
<string>imap:Meevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/All%20Mail</string> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>169820</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
EFTA_R1_01380011 
EFTA02373795

