# EFTA02668575

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, November 27, 2016 4:06 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: no im here On Sun, Nov 27, 2016 at 10:49 AM, Eva Dubin ca , > wrote: Did you leave yet?? Sent from my iPhone On Nov 26, 2016, at 6:51 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: after our dinner conversation i realized that though=writing is a gr

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, November 27, 2016 4:06 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: no im here On Sun, Nov 27, 2016 at 10:49 AM, Eva Dubin ca , > wrote: Did you leave yet?? Sent from my iPhone On Nov 26, 2016, at 6:51 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: after our dinner conversation i realized that though=writing is a great skill it is also only a part of todays communicai=on. i woudl sugge

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, November 27, 2016 4:06 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
no im here 
On Sun, Nov 27, 2016 at 10:49 AM, Eva Dubin ca
, > wrote: 
Did you leave yet?? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Nov 26, 2016, at 6:51 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@g=ail.com» wrote: 
after our dinner conversation i realized that though=writing is a great skill it is also only a part of todays 
communicai=on. i woudl suggest each child learn how to make and edit a vi=eo of themselves. speaking. video will be 
the mean= as opposed to letters. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01920759 
EFTA02668575

The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01920760 
EFTA02668576

