# EFTA02626360

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|That is the Best decision!|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: 1 <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, January 21, 2019 2:08 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Fwd: Forwarded message From: That is the Best decision! Sent from my iPhone On Jan 21, 2019, at 8:15 AM, J <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com> wrote: in k=eping with the discipline that i never have to be anywhere . =C2 we will cancel today =AO please note The

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
1 <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, January 21, 2019 2:08 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Fwd: 
 
Forwarded message 
From: That is the Best decision! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jan 21, 2019, at 8:15 AM, J <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com> wrote: 
in k=eping with the discipline that i never have to be anywhere . =C2 we will cancel today 
=AO please note 
The information contained in this communication is<=r>confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute insid= information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is =he property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thiscommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be un=awful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify =s immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevac=tion@gmail.com> , and 
destro= this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. =opyright -all rights reserved 
=div dir="ltr"> 
please note 
=div>The information contained in this communication is confidential, ma= be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and =s intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of =EE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or =ny part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have=received this communication in error, please notify us immediately byreturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communicatio= and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all righ=s reserved 
EFTA_R1_01839439 
EFTA02626360

--000000000000a2f624057ff86335-- conversation-id 330950 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1548079683 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 892616 
2 
EFTA_R1_01839440 
EFTA02626361

