# EFTA02721300

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, dinner

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff|
|To|Larry Summers|
|Sent||
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[FULL]:** s is going to happen because I am pretzelling sched big time to be there. Lookimg fwd. Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry From: Lesley Groff Date: Sat, 30 Apr 21.11.1 . To: Larry Summers Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Good morning Larry. Jeffrey wanted me to let you know that on Monday night, Bill Gates will have already eaten dinner prior to his arrival...therefore, Jeffrey will only be serving tea cakes, dessert, coffee, etc type items! He wants to make sure you do not come too hungry and expecting dinner. Thank you for understanding. Have a great weekend. Lesley Assistant to Jeffrey Epst

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
'eeyacation 
mail.conteevacation@gmail.com] Jefffrey Epsteinbeeyacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Sent: 
. 
. 
PM 
Subject: Fw: Jeffrey Epstein 
I can assure him this is going to happen, correct? 
Sent via BlackBerry by AT&T 
From: 
Date: a , 
pr 
: :37 +0000 
To: Lesley Gm 
ReplyTo: Ihsummers ao .com 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Fine. Pls make sure w jeffrey this is going to happen because I am pretzelling sched big time to be 
there. Lookimg fwd. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From: Lesley Groff 
Date: Sat, 30 Apr 21.11.1
.
To: Larry Summers 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Good morning Larry. Jeffrey wanted me to let you know that on Monday night, Bill Gates will 
have already eaten dinner prior to his arrival...therefore, Jeffrey will only be serving tea cakes, 
dessert, coffee, etc type items! He wants to make sure you do not come too hungry and 
expecting dinner. 
Thank you for understanding. 
Have a great weekend. 
Lesley 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_02205316 
EFTA02721300

