# EFTA02410666

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, celina

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.com|
|To|petermandelsontiS|
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffrelteevacation©gmail.com] From: Eva Dubin Sent Thur 7/1/2010 12:35:52 PM Subject: RE: did he respond?? Date: Wed, 30 Jun 2010 10:38:12 -0400 Subject: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: petermandelsontiS CC: evaduli my god daughter celina would love a tour of oxford. on sat.. can you arrange or i will have ghislaine do it. ********

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrelteevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent 
Thur 7/1/2010 12:35:52 PM 
Subject: RE: 
did he respond?? 
Date: Wed, 30 Jun 2010 10:38:12 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: petermandelsontiS 
CC: evaduli 
my god daughter celina would love a tour of oxford. on sat.. can you arrange or i will have 
ghislaine do it. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jccvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
Hotmail has tools for the New Busy. Search, chat and e-mail from your inbox. Learn more 
EFTA_R1_01471571 
EFTA02410666

