# EFTA02720301

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeeyacationggmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.corn] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sun 4/13/2014 11:00:18 PM Subject: Re: You said something that did not make sense to me and so I checked. While I am not engaging for all of the reasons about which you arc aware, I can tell you this with absolute certainty: You have always received audited financial statements re AY

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacationggmail.com[jeeyacation@gmail.corn]; Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacation@gmail.corn] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: 
Sun 4/13/2014 11:00:18 PM 
Subject: Re: 
You said something that did not make sense to me and so I checked. While I am not engaging for 
all of the reasons about which you arc aware, I can tell you this with absolute certainty: 
You have always received audited financial statements re AYH and you always will. Anyone who 
has informed you to the contrary is providing erroneous information. 
Sent from my iPad 
On Apr 13, 2014, at 3:08 PM, "Jeffrey Epstein" 4ecvacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
I tried your cell 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jecvacation(Agmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the 
use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain 
information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or 
non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by 
contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby 
notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this 
message or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly 
prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately 
and destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, 
whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be 
EFTA_R1_02203539 
EFTA02720301

considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any agreement with 
Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed 
agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_02203540 
EFTA02720302

