# EFTA02593654

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, November 5, 2014 8:09 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: FW: please forward to this to glenn. he'll lov= it. O= Wed, Nov 5, 2014 at 3:06 PM, Eva Dubin ><=span> wrote: This is what the plaque will l=ok like. I love it! On Nov 5, 2014, at 1:48 PM, McGarry, Gretchen < > wrote: cmalitc > Here's what Stewardship recommended. = think it'

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, November 5, 2014 8:09 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: FW: please forward to this to glenn. he'll lov= it. O= Wed, Nov 5, 2014 at 3:06 PM, Eva Dubin ><=span> wrote: This is what the plaque will l=ok like. I love it! On Nov 5, 2014, at 1:48 PM, McGarry, Gretchen < > wrote: cmalitc > Here's what Stewardship recommended. = think it's lovely. Let me know if it's good to go:=/p> In honor of The Dubin Breast Center for its incompatible level

**[WORD]:** it. O= Wed, Nov 5, 2014 at 3:06 PM, Eva Dubin ><=span> wrote: This is what the plaque will l=ok like. I love it! On Nov 5, 2014, at 1:48 PM, McGarry, Gretchen < > wrote: cmalitc > Here's what Stewardship recommended. = think it's lovely. Let me know if it's good to go:=/p> In honor of The Dubin Breast Center for its incompatible level of care Jeffrey Epstein please =ote The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unaut

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, November 5, 2014 8:09 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: FW: 
please forward to this to glenn. he'll lov= it. 
O= Wed, Nov 5, 2014 at 3:06 PM, Eva Dubin 
><=span> wrote: 
This is what the plaque will l=ok like. I love it! 
On Nov 5, 2014, at 1:48 PM, McGarry, Gretchen < 
> wrote: 
cmalitc
> 
Here's what Stewardship recommended. = think it's lovely. Let me know if it's good to go:=/p> 
In honor of 
The Dubin Breast Center 
for its incompatible level of care 
Jeffrey Epstein 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
EFTA_R1_01777139 
EFTA02593654

disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01777140 
EFTA02593655

