# EFTA00029025 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 18

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Friday, September 25, 2020 11:18 AM
- **Subject:** RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: • r To: (USANYS) [Contractor]" Cc: 'a14YSOrar (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Date: Fri, 25 Sep 2020 15:23:40 +0000 Great point, thanks! From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Friday, September 25, 2020 11:22 AM To: Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <= >; (USANYS) < Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Okay great. I reached out to at BOP to get an answer on their text r

### Match 2
> To: (USANYS) [Contractor]" Cc: 'a14YSOrar (USANYS)" Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Date: Fri, 25 Sep 2020 15:23:40 +0000 Great point, thanks! From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Friday, September 25, 2020 11:22 AM To: Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <= >; (USANYS) < Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload Okay great. I reached out to at BOP to get an answer on their text reader capabilities. Apparently, their computers are equipped with text readers (as suspected). I'm still waiting to hear back on the specific program(s) that they use. I figured it would be useful to know and/or include

### Match 3
> use. I figured it would be useful to know and/or include in the next discovery cover letter so that defense can't claim that she has no capability to open those files. From: Sent: Friday, September 25, 2020 11:18 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload cM > (USANYS) Thanks for flagging. Let's produce in their original format to both for now. If Maxwell has trouble opening them at MDC, we'll deal with that after she tells us she can't open them. She has not identified every single excel and txt file from past productions as problematic

### Match 4
> 't claim that she has no capability to open those files. From: Sent: Friday, September 25, 2020 11:18 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload cM > (USANYS) Thanks for flagging. Let's produce in their original format to both for now. If Maxwell has trouble opening them at MDC, we'll deal with that after she tells us she can't open them. She has not identified every single excel and txt file from past productions as problematic, so she will hopefully be able to open these. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Friday, September 25, 2020

### Match 5
> us she can't open them. She has not identified every single excel and txt file from past productions as problematic, so she will hopefully be able to open these. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Friday, September 25, 2020 10:47 AM To: < Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload (USANYS) How are we handling producing to Maxwell vs. Counsel? With these files there are tons of text and excel files that need to be converted in order to be sent to MDC. Are we also producing the converted versions to defense or rather the original natives? From: (USANYS) [Contracto

### Match 6
> excel and txt file from past productions as problematic, so she will hopefully be able to open these. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Friday, September 25, 2020 10:47 AM To: < Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < >; Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload (USANYS) How are we handling producing to Maxwell vs. Counsel? With these files there are tons of text and excel files that need to be converted in order to be sent to MDC. Are we also producing the converted versions to defense or rather the original natives? From: (USANYS) [Contractor] <a Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 2:34 PM To: (US

### Match 7
> d to be converted in order to be sent to MDC. Are we also producing the converted versions to defense or rather the original natives? From: (USANYS) [Contractor] <a Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 2:34 PM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < 4: => Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload (USANYS) EFTA00029025 The zip files have been copied to the below location. Please let me know if there are any issues with the data in the zip files. Thank you. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:42 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Cont

### Match 8
> The zip files have been copied to the below location. Please let me know if there are any issues with the data in the zip files. Thank you. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:42 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload (USANYS)< > That's what I figured. Thanks! Now that they are all good to go would you please export both Deutsche Bank and JPMorgan productions to the shared here: \ Usa.doj.gov\cloud NYS \ StAndrews \ Shared \ USvEpstein- 2018R01618 Discovery\GM \ 04 Fourth Production \TO BE PRODUCED Fr

### Match 9
> s to the shared here: \ Usa.doj.gov\cloud NYS \ StAndrews \ Shared \ USvEpstein- 2018R01618 Discovery\GM \ 04 Fourth Production \TO BE PRODUCED From: (USANYS) [Contractor] Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:39 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] <i Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload > (USANYS) No way to put a confidential stamp on a excel file. There should be an image placeholder that says document produced in native format which has the confidential stamp. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:36 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <->;

### Match 10
> on a excel file. There should be an image placeholder that says document produced in native format which has the confidential stamp. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Thursday, September 24, 2020 11:36 AM To: (USANYS) [Contractor] <->; > Cc: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Subject: RE: Epstein/Maxwell Upload (USANYS) Thanks =. These look great. One quick question, on documents in native format (excel files) is there a confidential stamp? I've checked and it seems the answer is no but I just want to be sure that I'm not missing anything. From: (USANYS) [Contractor] < Sent: Thursday, Septemb
