# EFTA02385053

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|=/b>"Atlas, Andrew Ol|
|To|=/b>"Richard Kahn|
|Sent||
|Subject|=/b>New Issue $25 =ar: United States Cellular Corporation (NYSE: USM) 7.25%=7.375%|

---

**[WORD]:** ich may include acquisitions of =dditional spectrum. &nb=p; DRD/QDI =ligible: &=bsp; No Subject to U.S. Tax Withholding for NRA =lients &=bsp; &nb=p; Generally No* Listing: =nbsp; &n=sp; &nbs=; NYSE 2 EFTA_R1_01403086 EFTA02385054 Please let me know if you have any questions. Best, Andrew Andrew S. Atlas Financial =dvisor Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group Morgan Stanley Wealth Management Midtown Manhattan =omplex 1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 T I ir : Important Notice to Recipients: Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Richard Kah 
Sent: 
Monday, November 16, 2015 4:11 PM 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: New Issue $25 Par. United States Cellular Corporation (NYSE: USM) 7.25% 
-7.375% 
Attachments: 
United States Cellular Corp. Prospectus Supplement.pdt Untitled attachment 
00200.htm 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
575 Lexington =venue 4th Floor 
Ne 
tel 
fa 
cel 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>"Atlas, Andrew Ol 
Subject: =/b>New Issue $25 =ar: United States Cellular Corporation (NYSE: USM) 7.25%=7.375% 
Date: =/b>November 16, 2015 at 10:12:44 =M EST 
To: =/b>"Richard Kahn
Hi =ich, 
Hope you had a nice weekend. 
New=lssue $25 Par Preferred Offering today that I wanted to show Southern =rust Company. 
EFTA_R1_01403085 
EFTA02385053

United States Cellular Corporation (NYSE:USM) 
&nb=p; 
Issuer: 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
=nited States Cellular Corporation (Ticker: USM) 
Securities =ffered: 
Senior =nsecured Notes 
Expected Ratings: =nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
Bat=/ BB / BB+ (neg/stable/stable) 
Size: 
&nbs=; 
=150mm (6mm $25 par notes) 
Tenor: =nbsp; 
&n=sp; 49 NCS 
&nb=p; 
Maturity: 
=nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
December 1, 2064 
Price =uidance: 
8c=bsp; 
7.25 - 7.375% 
&nb=p; 
Offer =rice: 
&n=sp; 
=25 per security 
&nb=p; 
Payment =ates: 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
Quarterly, beginning March 1, =016 
Optional =edemption: 
&nb=p; 
In =hole or in part, at any time on or after December 1, 2020 at a =edemption price equal to 100% of the 
principal amount redeemed plus =ccrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. See Red for Details. 
Use=of Proceeds: 
For=General Corporate Purposes, which may include acquisitions of =dditional spectrum. 
&nb=p; 
DRD/QDI =ligible: 
&=bsp; No 
Subject to U.S. Tax Withholding for NRA =lients 
&=bsp; 
&nb=p; 
Generally No* 
Listing: =nbsp; 
&n=sp; 
&nbs=; 
NYSE 
2 
EFTA_R1_01403086 
EFTA02385054

Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Best, 
Andrew 
Andrew S. Atlas 
Financial =dvisor 
Equity Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Morgan Stanley Wealth Management 
Midtown Manhattan =omplex 
1290 Avenue of the =mericas, 12th Floor I New York, =Y 10104 
T I ir 
: 
Important Notice to Recipients: 
Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any =ecurity or commodity. 
Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided =n e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this =-mail is an employee of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If you have 
=eceived this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper =opies and notify the sender immediately. 
Erroneous transmission is not intended to =aive confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the right, =o the 
extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic =ommunications. This message is subject to terms 
available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html.&nb=p; If you cannot access 
this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the =contents to you. By messaging with Morgan Stanley 
you consent to =he foregoing. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01403087 
EFTA02385055

