# EFTA02408826

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation gmail.com|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** To: Jeffreyfteevacation©gmail.com] From: Eva Dubin Sent Sun 7/18/2010 8:21:28 AM Subject: RE: It is the Malarone!!!! I have been having dreams about Glenn and 22 year old girls for a week. It is your nightmares that comes through. Jordan dreamt that the Israeli military captured him and tortured him in Colorado while Glenn watchedmil Date:

**[FULL]:** hat comes through. Jordan dreamt that the Israeli military captured him and tortured him in Colorado while Glenn watchedmil Date: Sun, 18 Jul 2010 04:15:34 -0400 Subject: Re: From: jeevacation gmail.com To: and i will not be under a tree in central park.. !! On Sun, Jul 18, 2010 at 4:11 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: 2 more dayslimm We miss you uncle! Date: Sat, 17 Jul 2010 09:13:48 -0400 Subject: Fro ' • • • To: where are you? The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the u

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffreyfteevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent 
Sun 7/18/2010 8:21:28 AM 
Subject: RE: 
It is the Malarone!!!! I have been having dreams about Glenn and 22 year old girls for a week. It 
is your nightmares that comes through. 
Jordan dreamt that the Israeli military captured him and tortured him in Colorado while Glenn 
watchedmil 
Date: Sun, 18 Jul 2010 04:15:34 -0400 
Subject: Re: 
From: jeevacation gmail.com 
To: 
and i will not be under a tree in central park.. !! 
On Sun, Jul 18, 2010 at 4:11 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
2 more dayslimm 
We miss you uncle! 
Date: Sat, 17 Jul 2010 09:13:48 -0400 
Subject: 
Fro ' • 
• 
• 
To: 
where are you? 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01468737 
EFTA02408826

The New Busy think 9 to 5 is a cute idea. Combine multiple calendars with Hotmail. Get 
busy. 
********************* 
************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
The New Busy is not the old busy. Search, chat and e-mail from your inbox. Oct started. 
EFTA_R1_01488738 
EFTA02408827

