# EFTA02697235

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2012 4:15 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: I am working on it. Called the international office yesterday. She can't do=anything right now...l am on it:) Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 21, 2012 4:15 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
I am working on it. Called the international office yesterday. She can't do=anything right now...l am on it:) Sent from my 
Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Wed, 21 Mar 2012 08:18:20 
To: 
Subject: 
can we do anything sa= 
can help at the center? 
=OA=-
=he information contained in this communication is =onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may =constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for =he use of the addressee. It is the property of =effrey Epstein =nauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this =ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited =and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this =ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gma=l.com> , and =destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> <!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-
//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1332346528</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>27</integer> 
<integer>7</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>212683</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
1 
EFTA_R1_02054258 
EFTA02697235

