# EFTA02581023

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, November 24, 2017 4:25 PM To: Eva Dubin in jail, you would never hold the d000r open for you= cellmate. or let them go out first. . you would never a=k , can i get you a coffee. are you cold, is=there something i can do for you. . where does tha= fit in your mantra =C2 please note The information containe= in this communication is c

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, November 24, 2017 4:25 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
in jail, you would never hold the d000r open for you= cellmate. or let them go out first. . you would never a=k , can i 
get you a coffee. are you cold, is=there something i can do for you. . where does tha= fit in your mantra 
=C2 
please note 
The information containe= in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileg=d, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the u=e of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disc=osure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly =rohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communicati=n in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail =o 
jeevacation@g=ail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</i=iv> 
--089e082ed6lcdf8a41055ebcfeb0-- conversation-id 27217 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1511540706 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 771734 
1 
EFTA_R1_01756996 
EFTA02581023

