# EFTA02522149

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: Tuesday, June 19, 2012 11:12 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Breakfast ok On Tue, Jun 19, 2012 at 7:00 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: • Forwarded message > From: Farkas, Andrew L. > Date: Tue, Jun 19, 2012 at 6:53 PM > Subject: Breakfast > To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" leevacation@gmail.com> > 8:30 > Well toasted scooped out bagel. Scrambled eggs. > Diet coke. Lots of ice. Straw. > See you then. > This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intende

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Tuesday, June 19, 2012 11:12 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: Breakfast 
ok 
On Tue, Jun 19, 2012 at 7:00 PM, Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
 
• 
Forwarded message 
> From: Farkas, Andrew L. 
> Date: Tue, Jun 19, 2012 at 6:53 PM 
> Subject: Breakfast 
> To: "jeevacation@gmail.com" leevacation@gmail.com> 
> 8:30 
> Well toasted scooped out bagel. Scrambled eggs. 
> Diet coke. Lots of ice. Straw. 
> See you then. 
> This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
> exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. 
> This communication may contain information that is confidential, 
> proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or 
> non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from 
> disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are 
> not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
> retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using 
> this message or any information contained herein (including any 
> reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this 
> message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy 
> the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their 
> entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained 
> in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
> amendment or modification of any agreement with C-III Capital Partners 
> LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by C-III Capital Partners 
LLC or such affiliate. 
> 
> The information contained in this communication is confidential, may 
> be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and 
> is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
EFTA_R1_01660037 
EFTA02522149

> Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
> communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
> unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please 
> notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
> jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies 
> thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version="1.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>142745</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1340147490</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>230618</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01660038 
EFTA02522150

