# EFTA02449379

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|REGARDING YOUR FRIENDS RECRUIT..|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, September 27, 2016 2:02 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: REGARDING YOUR FRIENDS RECRUIT.. ok On Tue, Sep 27, 2016 at 4:01 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: cant have part time....that is the problem Tew=ri will speak to him. We should not get involved. From: jeevacation@gmail.c=m Date: Tue, 27 Sep 2016 15:59:40 +0200 Subject: Re: FW: REGARDI=G

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, September 27, 2016 2:02 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: REGARDING YOUR FRIENDS RECRUIT.. ok On Tue, Sep 27, 2016 at 4:01 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: cant have part time....that is the problem Tew=ri will speak to him. We should not get involved. From: jeevacation@gmail.c=m Date: Tue, 27 Sep 2016 15:59:40 +0200 Subject: Re: FW: REGARDI=G YOUR FRIENDS RECRUIT.. To: can you as= what do they mean by compliance , his deal is microsur

**[FULL]:** s the problem Tew=ri will speak to him. We should not get involved. From: jeevacation@gmail.c=m Date: Tue, 27 Sep 2016 15:59:40 +0200 Subject: Re: FW: REGARDI=G YOUR FRIENDS RECRUIT.. To: can you as= what do they mean by compliance , his deal is microsurgery On Tue, Sep 27, 2016 at 3:16 PM, Eva Dubin wrote: From: Subject: REGARDING YOUR FRIENDS RECRUIT.. Date: Tue, 27 =ep 2016 12:40:56 +0000 F=om Jodi: =C2 Update for Eva... Dr. Klein spoke to Dr. Tewari regarding the compliance risk in hiring Dr. F=sch part-time. They will set up a meeting with Fisch to discuss the approp=iate time and

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, September 27, 2016 2:02 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: REGARDING YOUR FRIENDS RECRUIT.. 
ok 
On Tue, Sep 27, 2016 at 4:01 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
cant have part time....that is the problem 
Tew=ri will speak to him. 
We should not get involved. 
From: jeevacation@gmail.c=m 
Date: Tue, 27 Sep 2016 15:59:40 +0200 
Subject: Re: FW: REGARDI=G YOUR FRIENDS RECRUIT.. 
To: 
can you as= what do they mean by compliance , his deal is microsurgery 
On Tue, Sep 27, 2016 at 3:16 PM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
From: 
Subject: REGARDING YOUR FRIENDS RECRUIT.. 
Date: Tue, 27 =ep 2016 12:40:56 +0000 
F=om Jodi: 
=C2 
Update for Eva... 
Dr. Klein spoke to Dr. Tewari regarding the compliance risk in hiring Dr. F=sch part-time. They will set up 
a meeting with Fisch to discuss the approp=iate time and effort allocation in the coming week. 
Jodi 
=C2 
=C2 
EFTA_R1_01548032 
EFTA02449379

Senior Director, Ambulatory Oncology & Therapeutic Infusio= 
=AO please note 
The information contained in this communication is<=r>confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute insid= information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is =he property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thiscommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be un=awful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify =s immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevac=tion@gmail.com> , and 
destro= this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. =opyright -all rights reserved 
=AO 
please note 
The information contained i= this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use =f the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclos=re or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly pro=ibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication =n error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to =a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com" target="_blank">jeevacation@gmai=.com, and destroy this communication and 
all copies thereof, inc=uding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01548033 
EFTA02449380

