# EFTA02458249

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** se advise store or amex for gift cards Than= you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 On Jun 30, 2016, at 10:25 AM, jeffr=y E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvmlijeevacation@g=ail.conf);» wrote: rich , get 1 14k gift card from ber=dorf and have it delivered to eva dubin with a happy brithdy please note The=information contained in this communication is confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is inten=ed only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE U=authorized use, disclosure or copying of this

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Thursday, June 30, 2016 2:49 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: gift cards 
Bergdorf 
On Thursday, 30 June 2016, Richard Kahn 
r=te: 
=div>gift cards direct from bergdorf come in 1,000 max amounts (14 x 1000) = can pick up today 
gift cards from american =xpress come in 500 max amounts (28 x 500) - will take 2-3 biz days 
Please advise store or amex for gift cards 
Than= you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
On Jun 30, 2016, at 10:25 AM, jeffr=y E. <jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvmlijeevacation@g=ail.conf);» wrote: 
rich , get 1 14k gift card from ber=dorf and have it delivered to eva dubin with a happy brithdy 
please note 
The=information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is inten=ed only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
U=authorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part=thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_01562551 
EFTA02458249

and may be unlawful. If you have receive= this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return=e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%70,'cvml','=jeevacation@gmail.com');> ,=and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all=attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=div dir="ltr"> 
please note 
=div>The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, ma= be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and =s intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
=EE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or =ny part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have=received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately byreturn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<rnailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communicatio= and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all righ=s reserved 
2 
EFTA_M_01562552 
EFTA02458250

