# EFTA02227916

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: fund, relationship

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** =o charge to change to the exact same flight on the 16th to BOSTON...=ou want me to make this change? you are currently scheduled to =ly to Boston on the 17th.. On Dec =3, 2016, at 6:19 PM, Just to confirm, no charge at all to switch from the 17th to =6th? On Fri, Dec 23, 2016 at 6:17 PM =elina Dubin < <mailto -> wrote: > =rote: Let's stick with the direct flight to Boston on the =6th then :) thank you so much Lesley! On Fri, Dec 23, 2016 at 6:14 PM =esley Groff < <mailto » =rote: ah...l did not realize you were talking about =Y! that was the problem...lt is more expensive to fly to =Y

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lesley Groff <-> 
Sent: 
Friday, December 23, 2016 11:52 PM 
To: 
Subject: 
Re: Itinerary INCL TICKETNO for 
17JAN17 WQCKHN 
Hey =...the Amex rep just called me =ack...incredibly, to change the ticket to depart on the 16th now =s $1700 
more! This can happen! He said it is possible the airline =hanges it back but you never know...there is limited availability 
=nd that has something to do with it...Not sure if you still want =o change to the 16th? WE =ould 
On Dec 23, 2016, at 6:27 PM, 
=It 
> wrote: 
Yes please :) let's change from =he 17 to the 16. Thank you so much, Lesley! 
On Dec =3, 2016, at 6:20 PM, Lesley Groff < 
> wrote: 
correct...=o charge to change to the exact same flight on the 16th to BOSTON...=ou want me to make 
this change? you are currently scheduled to =ly to Boston on the 17th.. 
On Dec =3, 2016, at 6:19 PM, 
Just to confirm, no charge at all to switch from the 17th to =6th? 
On Fri, Dec 23, 2016 at 6:17 PM =elina Dubin < 
<mailto -> 
wrote: 
> =rote: 
Let's stick with the direct flight to Boston on the =6th then :) thank you so much Lesley! 
On Fri, Dec 23, 2016 at 6:14 PM =esley Groff < 
<mailto 
» =rote: 
ah...l did not realize you were talking about =Y! that was the problem...lt is more 
expensive to fly to =Y....the flight to JFK is $877 more for (CX846) and CX890 =o NWK would be $877 as well...but they 
are available... 
On Dec 23, 2016, at 6:05 PM, 
No worries at all! Sorry =ust want to figure out the options 
> wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00974341 
EFTA02227916

On Fri, Dec 23, =016 at 6:04 PM Lesley Groff < 
<mailto 
» =rote: 
hmmm... not sure..) called Amex Centurian =ravel and trusted the 
representative I spoke with...I will call =hem back...! sorry 
On Dec 23, 2016, at 6:02 PM, 
> wrote: 
Are =lights CX846 or CX890 from HKG to NYC not avail on the 15th? Im seeing 
=oth flights on my computer but maybe they aren't available for =xchange? 
On Fri, Dec 23, =016 at 5:55 PM Lesley Groff < 
<mailto 
» =rote: 
there are no direct flights =n the 15th at all...you would have to connect...I 
didn't =hink you would want to do that so did not investigate...you could =ake the exact same flight you are currently 
scheduled for on the 16th =nd it would be an even exchange... 
<mailto 
that a whole separate thing? 
<mailto -
> =rote: 
On Dec 23, 2016, at 5:50 =Kt 
Would it be the same exchange if I flew direct to =ew York on the 15th? Or is 
On Fri, Dec 23, 2016 at 5:46 PM =esley Groff < 
» =rote: 
The ticket is fully =efundable...We would just pay the difference in fare (if there 
is =ny)...no direct flights on the 15th...if you flew back on the =6th it would be an even exchange...there are seats 
available =till in business class at the moment... 
<mailto 
> =rote: 
On Fri, Dec 23, 2016 at 1:52 PM =esley Groff < 
<mailto 
» =rote: 
On Dec 23, 2016, at 2:00 =M, 
Thank you so much! Sorry =or the trouble. 
Sure. Will find out. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On =ec 23, 2016, at 1:07 PM, 
> wrote: 
2 
EFTA_R1_00974342 
EFTA02227917

Hi Lesley, 
I have a quick favor =o ask. Is there any chance you could check for me if there 
would be any =ost to change my flight to the 15th or the 16th of January? I'm not =ure if I'll change it yet, but just 
wanted to know what would be the =ost of doing so just in case. 
Thank you so =uch! 
On Fri, Oct 28, =016 at 10:28 AM Lesley Groff < 
<mailto 
» =rote: 
Very welcome 
Sent from my iPhone 
On =ct 28, 2016, at 10:25 AM, 
> wrote: 
Thank you so =uch! 
On Oct 28, =016, at 9:53 AM, Lesley Groff < 
Hi =...here =s your ticket back to Boston from Hong Kong on Jan. 17th! 
Hope =ou have a great time. Please confirm back to me receipt of this =icket. Thanks, Lesley 
<mailto 
» =rote: 
Begin forwarded =essage: 
Subject: Itinerary INCL TICKETNO for 
To:=LESLEY.JEE@GMAIL.COM 
17JAN17 = 
DO NOT REPLY TO THIS EMAIL. This message =as sent from a notification only 
address that cannot accept incoming =essages. If you have any questions, please contact Centurion =ravel Service at 1-
877-877-O987. 
3 
EFTA_R1_00974343 
EFTA02227918

If airline tickets are purchased for this =tinerary: 
=irline Baggage Fee/Rules may apply and can be accessed by =isiting: 
=a href="https://myamextravel.com/baggage" class="gmail_msg" 
=arget="_blank">https://myamextravel.com/baggage 
Your travel arrangements =re outlined below in the email. Please refer to 
attached PDF =ttachment and itinerary for more details regarding your travel =rrangements. Your Centurion Travel 
Service travel plans have been =osted to a secure website. Please click on the link to view your =rip details and add link 
to your bookmarked favorites for easy access =n the future: 
=nbsp; 
View your Digital Itinerary 
American Express Travel =ecord Locator WQCKHN 
E-Ticket Number(s) 
Tuesday 17 Jan 17 
4 
EFTA_R1_00974344 
EFTA02227919

Other Information 
CITIZENS OF UNITED STATES MUST CARRY A VALID =ASSPORT 
Flight Information 
Date 
17 Jan 2017 
Airline Cathay =acific 
Airline Record Locator 
Flight/Class 
CX =12 I Business Class 
Origin Hong Kong, Hong Kong International 
Destination 
Boston, Logan International 
Departing 
06:05 PM 
Arriving08:50 PM 
Departure Terminal 
Terminal 1 
Arrival TerminalTerminal E 
Estimated Time 15 Hrs 45 Mins 
Stops 
Non-stop 
Seats 
12A 
Confirmed 
=u class="gmail_msg">Entry and Exit Information for Travel =/u> 
American Express strongly recommends =hat you periodically review 
www.Visacentral.com/amex <http://www.visacentral.com/amex> for the most up to =ate and accurate entry/exit 
requirements for your travel destination. =ue to frequent changes, American Express cannot guarantee the accuracy =f 
the information provided and expressly disclaims any liability for =ny inaccurate or incomplete information contained on 
that site. 
=ou may receive customer service emails even if you have requested not =o 
receive email marketing offers from American Express. For details =bout our e-mail practices, please review the 
American Express Privacy =tatement at http://www.americanexpress.com/privacy. 
5 
EFTA_R1_00974345 
EFTA02227920

=nbsp; 
=ee attached itinerary PDF or link for full terms and =onditions. 
=div class="gmail_msg"> 
=div class="gmail_msg"> 
=PDF itinerary attachment: 
If you are =nable to view the PDF attachment, ensure you have Adobe Acrobat 
Reader. =efer to website below to download and install this free =oftware. 
=div class="gmail_msg"> 
=div class="gmail_msg"> 
=http://www.adobe.com/products/acrobatireadstep.htmladiv> 
=nbsp; 
=hank you for choosing American Express Centurion Travel Service and =ave a 
pleasant trip. 
6 
EFTA_R1_00974346 
EFTA02227921

=lease be advised that certain mandatory hotel-imposed charges, =ncluding, but 
not limited to, daily resort or facility fees, may be =pplicable to your stay and payable to the hotel operator at check-out 
=rom the property. You may wish to inquire with the hotel before =our trip regarding the existence and amount of such 
charges. 
=nbsp; 
=iability Statement. American Express Travel Related Services =ompany, Inc. 
and its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and =epresentatives (collectively, "Amex") act as an agent for travel =uppliers and 
you understand and agree that Amex shall not be liable for =ny loss, injury, expense or damage to persons or property 
resulting, =irectly or indirectly, from (1) the acts of omissions of travel =uppliers, including but not limited to delays, 
overbooking's, =ancellation of services, cessation of operations, accidents or failures =f equipment, or changes in fares, 
itineraries or schedules; or (2) acts =f God, fires, earthquakes, floods, climatic aberrations, acts of =overnmental 
authorities, civil unrest, strikes, riots, theft, disease, =ccidents or failures related to the public internet, 
telecommunications =ines or facilities, or third party technology systems, or any other =ause beyond the control of 
Amex. 
=ntermediary Disclosure. Amex assists you in finding travel suppliers =nd making 
arrangements that meet your individual needs. We consider =arious factors in identifying travel suppliers to you and 
recommending =pecific itineraries. In this role, we are acting as an independent =hird party and not as a fiduciary. We 
want you to be aware that certain =uppliers pay us commissions as well as incentives for reaching sales =argets or other 
goals, and from time to time may also provide =ncentives to our travel counselors. Certain suppliers may also =rovide 
compensation to us for various marketing and administrative =ervices that we perform for them, such as granting them 
access to our =arketing channels, participating in marketing programs and supporting =echnology initiatives. In addition, 
we receive compensation from =uppliers when customers use the American Express Card or other American =xpress 
products to pay for supplier products and services. From time =o time we may enter into other business relationships 
with =uppliers and these arrangements, including levels and types of =ompensation and incentives we receive, are 
subject to change. In =dentifying suppliers and recommending itineraries, we may consider a =umber of factors, 
including supplier availability and your =references. The relationships we have with suppliers may also =nfluence the 
suppliers we identify and the itineraries we =ecommend. 
=div class="gmail_msg"> 
7 
EFTA_R1_00974347 
EFTA02227922

=div class="gmail_msg"> 
=California State Seller of Travel Registration Number: 1022318. =ashington 
State Seller of Travel Registration Number: =Bl#600469694. Iowa: TA# 669 Registered Iowa Travel =gency. 
=nbsp; 
=nbsp; 
<
.WQCKHN.pdf> 
=?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> date-last-viewed 1482537093 date-received 1482537093 flags 8623750211 
remote-id 30925 
8 
EFTA_R1_00974348 
EFTA02227923

