# EFTA00029172 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 6

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Thursday, October 7, 2021 7:38 AM
- **Subject:** (EXTERNAL EMAIL) - RE: Epstein Account Documents

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> t: RE: Epstein Account Documents Date: Thu, 07 Oct 2021 21:27:06 +0000 • I have uploaded the documents I was able to find in the Epstein Account Document Folder in DOJ USA File Exchange site. You should already have access to that folder. I also came across two documents requesting removal for Ghislaine Maxwell from the Hyperion Air, Jeffery Epstein and JEGE accounts, I have already provided those accounts documents. I also came across a memo requesting removal of Ghislaine Maxwell from NES LLC Account tt . I was unable to come across documents for that account. Those removal memos have been placed in

### Match 2
> ile Exchange site. You should already have access to that folder. I also came across two documents requesting removal for Ghislaine Maxwell from the Hyperion Air, Jeffery Epstein and JEGE accounts, I have already provided those accounts documents. I also came across a memo requesting removal of Ghislaine Maxwell from NES LLC Account tt . I was unable to come across documents for that account. Those removal memos have been placed in the Epstein Accounts Document folder as well. If you have any questions, please call me. Thanks From: Sent: Thursday, October 7, 2021 12:57 PM To: =, (NY) (FBI) <E > Cc

### Match 3
> please send us the account statements for a few months after these documents were executed? It would be helpful to see the balances. Thanks! From: Sent: Monday, October 4, 2021 8:27 AM To: Subject: Epstein Account Documents As a follow up to our conversation regarding Epstein accounts where Ghislaine Maxwell was a signer on the account, I have compiled the attached documents for your review. If you have any question, please contact me. Best Forensic Accountant FBI New York Field Office EFTA00029173

### Match 4
> t: RE: Epstein Account Documents Date: Thu, 07 Oct 2021 21:27:06 +0000 • I have uploaded the documents I was able to find in the Epstein Account Document Folder in DOJ USA File Exchange site. You should already have access to that folder. I also came across two documents requesting removal for Ghislaine Maxwell from the Hyperion Air, Jeffery Epstein and JEGE accounts, I have already provided those accounts documents. I also came across a memo requesting removal of Ghislaine Maxwell from NES LLC Account tt . I was unable to come across documents for that account. Those removal memos have been p

### Match 5
> ile Exchange site. You should already have access to that folder. I also came across two documents requesting removal for Ghislaine Maxwell from the Hyperion Air, Jeffery Epstein and JEGE accounts, I have already provided those accounts documents. I also came across a memo requesting removal of Ghislaine Maxwell from NES LLC Account tt . I was unable to come across documents for that account. Those removal memos have been placed in the Epstein Accounts Document folder as well. If you have any questions, please call me. Thanks From: Sent: Thursday, October 7, 2021 12:57 PM To: =, (NY) (FBI)
