# EFTA02663085

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|=A0Fwd: Series 8 Investment to Cover Com=on Investment|

---

**[WORD]:** ffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, January 15, 2017 6:30 PM To: Hosain Rahman Begin forwarded message: <=>From: Richard Kahn < Subject: =A0Fwd: Series 8 Investment to Cover Com=on Investment Date: September 18, 2015 at 9:51:32 PM EDT T=: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Andrew=called this afternoon and asked if we were going to participate in series =. I expressed our displeasure that our entire investment could not be prot=cted. He then said that is not true. I said this is now the third time the= are changing fact pattern. He prepared attached summary for your review

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, January 15, 2017 6:30 PM 
To: 
Hosain Rahman 
Begin forwarded message: 
<=>From: Richard Kahn < 
Subject: =A0Fwd: Series 8 Investment to Cover Com=on Investment 
Date: September 18, 2015 at 9:51:32 PM EDT 
T=: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Andrew=called this afternoon and asked if we were going to participate in series =. I expressed our displeasure that our 
entire investment could not be prot=cted. He then said that is not true. I said this is now the third time the= are 
changing fact pattern. He prepared attached summary for your review. =e said they have 33.5 of 35mm to force black 
rock to invest final 50mm. Pl=ase advise if you have any interest in investing. Thank you. 
=ichard Kahn 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01912314 
EFTA02663085

