# EFTA02374158

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj|
|To|David Stern|
|Sent|Thursday, August 01, 2013 05:45 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: Friday, August 2, 2013 5:59 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L.; Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: I am intrigued now what this might be.... From: "Farkas, Andrew L." Date: Thu, 1 Aug 2013 14:30:13 +0000 To: leevacation@gmail.corn'<jeevacation@gmaitcom>; Subject: Re: Try to be more concise. From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj Sent: Thurs

**[WORD]:** From: Sent: Friday, August 2, 2013 5:59 AM To: Farkas, Andrew L.; Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: I am intrigued now what this might be.... From: "Farkas, Andrew L." Date: Thu, 1 Aug 2013 14:30:13 +0000 To: leevacation@gmail.corn'<jeevacation@gmaitcom>; Subject: Re: Try to be more concise. From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj Sent: Thursday, August 01, 2013 05:45 AM To: David Stern Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: farkas has product for c

**[WORD]:** what this might be.... From: "Farkas, Andrew L." Date: Thu, 1 Aug 2013 14:30:13 +0000 To: leevacation@gmail.corn'<jeevacation@gmaitcom>; Subject: Re: Try to be more concise. From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj Sent: Thursday, August 01, 2013 05:45 AM To: David Stern Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: farkas has product for chinese, better than alterntive jew The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epste

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Friday, August 2, 2013 5:59 AM 
To: 
Farkas, Andrew L.; Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: 
I am intrigued now what this might be.... 
From: "Farkas, Andrew L."
Date: Thu, 1 Aug 2013 14:30:13 +0000 
To: leevacation@gmail.corn'<jeevacation@gmaitcom>; 
Subject: Re: 
Try to be more concise. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Thursday, August 01, 2013 05:45 AM 
To: David Stern 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
farkas has product for chinese, better than alterntive jew 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use of the individual or entity 
to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either 
by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information contained herein 
EFTA_R1_01380821 
EFTA02374158

(including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please contact the 
sender immediately and destroy the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in 
electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01380822 
EFTA02374159

