# EFTA02300174

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: To: Cc: Subject: I'll call you tomorrow & set up r Monday, July 6, 2015 11:11 PM Karyna Shuliak Eva Dubin Re: Ambulance for JE R. Shimony M.D. FACC Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of medicine Cardiovascular Institute 485 Madison Ave., 17th floor New York, NY 10022 dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly

**[FULL]:** dtown »» Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of »» medicine Cardiovascular Institute >>» »» 485 Madison Ave., »» 17th floor »» New York, NY 10022 >>» >>» >>» >>» »» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos >>» >>» >»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:24 PM, Eva Dubin <evadubin@hotmail.com> wrote: >>>» >»» I will look into this when I am back in NY... >»» I also cc Rony on this.... so we can brainstorm together... wrote: w=ote: 2 EFTA_R1_01166607 EFTA02300175 >>>» >»» Sent from my iPhone >>>» >>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 9:47 PM, Karyna Shuliak >>>>» >

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Cc: 
Subject: 
I'll call you tomorrow & set up 
r 
Monday, July 6, 2015 11:11 PM 
Karyna Shuliak 
Eva Dubin 
Re: Ambulance for JE 
R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai 
School of medicine Cardiovascular Institute 
485 Madison Ave., 
17th floor 
New York, NY 10022 
dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
> On Jul 6, 2015, at 2:09 PM, Karyna Shuliak 
> wrot=: 
> Dear Dr. Shimony, 
> Is there a number where I could reach Mr. Steinberg to discuss the details=please? 
> Thank you! 
> Karyna. 
» On Jul 3, 2015, at 7:18 AM, rshimonymd@gmail.com wrote: 
» Eva & Karyna 
» When you are ready, a friend and colleague Morris Steinberg who's 
» involved in the ambulance service and ran the NY M=nroe department 
» for 30+ years is willing and very capable to help set up th= two 
» ambulances He's connections will get the best pricing as well 
>> 
» Happy fourth of July 
»r 
EFTA_R1_01166606 
EFTA02300174

» R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
» Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown 
» Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of 
» medicine Cardiovascular Institute 
» 485 Madison Ave., 
» 17th floor 
» New York, NY 10022 
>> 
>> 
>> 
» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
>» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:45 PM, Karyna Shuliak 
>>> 
>» That would be a tremendous help! 
>» Thank you very much! 
>» 
»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:43 PM, 
>>» 
»» Sure 
>>>> 
>>» 
»» Head EMS colleagues friends & ER guys can set us up 
>>» 
»» Let Eva & I know when ready 
»»r 
>>>> 
>>>> 
>>» R. Shimony M.D. FACC 
»» Director, The Mount Sinai Heart and Vascular Center, Midtown 
»» Associate Professor of Medicine, Cardiology Mount Sinai School of 
»» medicine Cardiovascular Institute 
>>» 
»» 485 Madison Ave., 
»» 17th floor 
»» New York, NY 10022 
>>» 
>>» 
>>» 
>>» 
»» dictated and sent from an iPhone kindly excuse typos 
>>» 
>>» 
>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 6:24 PM, Eva Dubin <evadubin@hotmail.com> wrote: 
>>>» 
>»» I will look into this when I am back in NY... 
>»» I also cc Rony on this.... so we can brainstorm together... 
wrote: 
w=ote: 
2 
EFTA_R1_01166607 
EFTA02300175

>>>» 
>»» Sent from my iPhone 
>>>» 
>>»» On Jun 29, 2015, at 9:47 PM, Karyna Shuliak 
>>>>» 
>>»» Hi Eva, 
>>>>» 
>>»» Jeffrey wants to purchase 2 fully equipped ambulance machines: 1 for t=e island, and 1 for the ranch. May be 
you know somebody who could help us w=th the process, especially regarding all the equipment? we would really 
app=eciate any help! 
>>»» Please let me know. 
>>>>» 
>>»» Thank you so much! 
>>»» And I hope you enjoy your vacation! 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>32079</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1436224294</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195717</integer> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>2615S</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
wrote: 
3 
EFTA_R1_01166608 
EFTA02300176

