# EFTA00032922 -- DONALD TRUMP

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** New York Law360 <news-altglaw360.com>
- **To:** <
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Top New York Cases To Watch In 2019

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> < Subject: Top New York Cases To Watch In 2019 Date: Wed, 02 Jan 2019 09:45:18 +0000 ;1,1_aw360 New York NEW YORK Wednesday, January 2, 2019 G Follow Law360 Top New York Cases To Watch In 2019 Big cases often find their homes in New York, and the coming year will be no different. President Donald Trump's campaign-season and charitable conduct have come under legal assault, former Hollywood kingpin Harvey Weinstein faces sexual assault charges and alleged systemic corruption in college basketball will go before a jury. Here, Law360 provides a rundown of some Empire State cases attorneys will b

### Match 2
> r LLC Major Lindsey & Africa Marriott International Inc. Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Microsoft Corporation NASDAQ OMX Group Inc. NFL Enterprises LLC National Basketball Association National Collegiate Athletic Association EFTA00032923 allegations against a long list of President Donald Trump's associates. Read full article » JOBS Search full listings or advertise your job opening Associate attorney LAW OFFICE OF FRANK XU NEW YORK. New York Lateral Associate Mendes & Mount. LLP New York. New York Mid-Level IP Litigation Associate with Solid Experience in Trademark and Copyrig

### Match 3
> eral Counsel Pay In 2019 The total amount reflected in many general counsel paychecks has climbed in recent years thanks to complex regulatory environments and the evolving role of the top corporate lawyer, and that trend is only expected to continue in 2019. Read full article » 'Leapfrogging' Trump Appeals Jolt Sleepy Supreme Court The Supreme Court's relatively quiet term is being rocked by the Trump administration's emergency appeals over controversial policies on immigration and transgender service members, thrusting the high court once more into the national spotlight. Read full artic

### Match 4
> ent years thanks to complex regulatory environments and the evolving role of the top corporate lawyer, and that trend is only expected to continue in 2019. Read full article » 'Leapfrogging' Trump Appeals Jolt Sleepy Supreme Court The Supreme Court's relatively quiet term is being rocked by the Trump administration's emergency appeals over controversial policies on immigration and transgender service members, thrusting the high court once more into the national spotlight. Read full article » Podcast Law360's Pro Say: The Biggest Legal Stories Of 2018 For the final episode of Law360's Pro
