# EFTA02421569

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeevacation [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com]|
|To|Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|Sent|Friday, September 03, 2010 1:21 PM|
|Subject|RE: FYI|

---

**[FULL]:** PM, > wrote: Just called and talked to some one quite useless in your office! Unfortunately Lesley is gone for a day. Pls let me know when you can talk and which number to call! From: Jeevacation (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Friday, September 03, 2010 6:46 AM To: Subject: Fwd: FYI Prince andrew Sent from my iPhone Begin forwarded message: From: Date: September 3, 2010 9:07:52 AM EDT To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> Reply-To: The guy who is hosting us this weekend ( founder of sun media, china's largest private media company) said he will host a dinner for when they

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationtOgmail.com[jeevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Sun 9/19/2010 8:13:05 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Fwd: FYI 
Got it 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Lesley Groff 
Sent: Sun Sep 19 15:37:41 2010 
Subject: Fwd: FYI 
Forwarded message 
From: 
Date: Sun, sep 19, 2010 at 12:42 
Subject: RE: FYI 
To: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
PM 
Getting sick of being so long so far east! 
Although many interesting things here. It is mind blowing how is China advancing. 
We might need to learn mandarin soon. 
On the other note - I just decided that I will be in Paris October 8-14 and in 
Cannes/Monaco 14-18. 
Just in case that you are planning another trip to Paris. 
Talk to you soon! 
From: Jeevacation [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, September 03, 2010 1:21 PM 
To: 
Subject: Re: FYI 
I just called and got a useless answering machine , like mine 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_01487944 
EFTA02421569

On Sep 3, 2010, at 3:49 PM, 
> wrote: 
Just called and talked to some one quite useless in your office! 
Unfortunately Lesley is gone for a day. 
Pls let me know when you can talk and which number to call! 
From: Jeevacation (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Friday, September 03, 2010 6:46 AM 
To: 
Subject: Fwd: FYI 
Prince andrew 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
Date: September 3, 2010 9:07:52 AM EDT 
To: "Jeffrey Epstein" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Reply-To: 
The guy who is hosting us this weekend ( 
founder of 
sun media, china's largest private media company) said he will host a dinner for 
when they come to china this month 
ItirtItlir**********Art,kht**********Orlir****Il 
***** 
***** 
ItiritItlirrntf* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_01487945 
EFTA02421570

and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01487946 
EFTA02421571

