# EFTA00030386 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 23

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** I
- **Sent:** Monday, July 13, 2020 1:31 PM
- **Subject:** RE: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509)

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' To:' Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Date: Mon, 13 Jul 2020 20:41:19 +0000 r cti Ugh, first I miss her call and then fail to hit reply all. Everything okay? Sent from my iPhone On Jul 13, 2020, at 16:40, On the phone with her now. From: ) 'ca Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 4:39 PM To: Subject: Re: Ghisla

### Match 2
> axwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Date: Mon, 13 Jul 2020 20:41:19 +0000 r cti Ugh, first I miss her call and then fail to hit reply all. Everything okay? Sent from my iPhone On Jul 13, 2020, at 16:40, On the phone with her now. From: ) 'ca Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 4:39 PM To: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) wrote: I think I may have just missed a call from you — I'm available now on my cell if you want to try me again, sorry about thatl Sent from my iPhone On Jul 13, 2O2O, at 13:34, His Thanks very much. From: Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 1:31 PM To:I Cc: Subject: RE: G

### Match 3
> l (USMS No. 02879-509) wrote: I think I may have just missed a call from you — I'm available now on my cell if you want to try me again, sorry about thatl Sent from my iPhone On Jul 13, 2O2O, at 13:34, His Thanks very much. From: Sent: Monday, July 13, 2020 1:31 PM To:I Cc: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) < > wrote: Working on getting you that confirmation/what BOP would be comfortable putting in a public filing. Will aim to get that to you before the arraignment tomorrow. Bes >>> I "< > 7/12/20204:17 PM >>> Thanks, On a separate subject, is it correct that, for security

### Match 4
> exercise time is separate from other inmates? That is our current understanding, EFTA00030386 but we wanted to confirm, and also to make sure the BOP would not have an issue if we referenced this in public filings. Thanks, From: Sent: Sunday, July 12, 2020 4:13 PM To: Cc: >; Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Thanks for the update, and totally understand it's over a weekend, and we did not know that defense counsel had also been having additional afternoon calls, so that's helpful to know. Also helpful to know that you have not received other calls or emails from counsel. We'll l

### Match 5
> ful to know. Also helpful to know that you have not received other calls or emails from counsel. We'll let her counsel know that they will have calls tomorrow and Tuesday at 10:00 a.m., and thanks very much again for your help. From: Sent: Sunday, July 12, 2020 15:28 To: Cc: >; Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) >; Apologies all, I just saw these emails. We are not providing weekend calls generally at this time, and counsel has been having 2 hour legal calls every afternoon in addition to the standing call set up in the morning. This is far more than almost every other inmate recei

### Match 6
> rraignment on Tuesday would include the weekend. Is it possible to reinstitute the call for tomorrow at 10:00, as well as on Monday? Thanks very much, and sorry for the late notice —we just heard from them a moment ago. thanks, From: Sent: Friday, July 10, 2020 10:34 To: Cc: ) Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Great — thank you again! (I told defense counsel that I would ask, but also just to give it a few minutes ...) ) Sent from my iPhone On Jul 10, 2020, at 10:30, •,: > wrote: I've been informed she is on the phone.... >>>"I 7/10/2020 10:26 AM >>> Defense counsel for Maxwe

### Match 7
> lls. Would you be able to please share with us the procedure that they should follow, so that we can make sure they understand what steps to take going forward? Thank you again for all of your help—we really appreciate it. Best, From: Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 4:23 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) You're welcome. Would 10 am work as a standing legal call through the end of this week (and Monday, if you think that's a good idea), in advance of the arraignment on Tuesday? However, after this, defense counsel should be required to follow the same protocols as all other

### Match 8
> all today. In addition, because defense counsel his having difficulty scheduling legal calls, it would be helpful if MDC could schedule standing calls for the rest of this week to address this issue. Thanks very much. From: c > Sent: Tuesday, July 7, 2020 2:36 PM To: Cc: ) < > Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) Hi I just saw this now. Is this about the legal call issue or something separate? If it's about the legal call, I am working on it. Thanks, >» " " < > 7/7/2020 127 PM >> > Hi Thanks for your help with this. Are you available now for a call? We are having a time sensiti

### Match 9
> t she just came into custody today and there is a more urgent deadline. If you can please provide the name and phone number of counsel, I will do my best. Thanks, Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone Original message From: " Date: 7 6 20 7:48 PM GMT-05:00 To: Cc: >, Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) > » " " 07/06/2020 19:48 > » Hi Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been

### Match 10
> nks, Sent from my Verizon, Samsung Galaxy smartphone Original message From: " Date: 7 6 20 7:48 PM GMT-05:00 To: Cc: >, Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell (USMS No. 02879-509) > » " " 07/06/2020 19:48 > » Hi Hope you're doing well. This evening, Judge Nathan directed the parties in the US v. Ghislaine Maxwell case to file a letter by 9pm today. Defense counsel need to speak with Ms. Maxwell this evening about the letter, but they have not been able to reach her. Would it be possible to allow Ms. Maxwell to make a legal call to her lawyers this evening, please? Thank you very much for your help. Ass
