# EFTA02454768

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, August 19, 2016 3:15 AM To: Eva Dubin in palm baech, cant beat the weather. =AO richard kahn, went to . =AO can rony give her a call. please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may =e attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is=intended only for the use of the addressee.

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, August 19, 2016 3:15 AM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
in palm baech, cant beat the weather. =AO richard kahn, went to 
. =AO can rony give her a call. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may =e attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is=intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JE= Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or an= part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
r=ceived this communication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 
--94eb2c0630b427467d053a641998-- conversation-id 71644 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1471576476 flags 
8590195713 gmail-label-ids 7 remote-id 637482 
1 
EFTA_R1_01556754 
EFTA02454768

