# EFTA02516494

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.com|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Sunday, December 28, 2014 7:06 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: are you coming back? Date: Sun, 28 Dec 2014 13:55:37 -0400 Subject= Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: Yes=br> On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin wrote: =0A=0A=div> did you leave?? addr=ss? On Sat, Dec 27, 2

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Sunday, December 28, 2014 7:06 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: are you coming back? Date: Sun, 28 Dec 2014 13:55:37 -0400 Subject= Re: From: jeevacation@gmail.com To: Yes=br> On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin wrote: =0A=0A=div> did you leave?? addr=ss? On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dub=n Come by!! Sent from my iPhon= 38 wrote: On Dec 27, 2014, at 9:06 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: staying now until 2 come vist =nbsp; please note The information contained in t=is commu

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Sunday, December 28, 2014 7:06 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
RE: 
are you coming back? 
Date: Sun, 28 Dec 2014 13:55:37 -0400 
Subject= Re: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: 
Yes=br> 
On Sunday, December 28, 2014, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
=0A=0A=div> 
did you leave?? 
addr=ss? 
On Sat, Dec 27, 2014 at 11:16 AM, Eva Dub=n 
Come by!! 
Sent from my iPhon= 
38 wrote: 
On Dec 27, 2014, at 9:06 AM, jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
staying now until 2 come vist 
=nbsp; please note 
The information contained in t=is communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged=2C may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the=use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, =isclosure or copying of this 
EFTA_R1_01651495 
EFTA02516494

communication or any part thereof is stric=ly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communisation in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e=mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy t=is communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. c=pyright -all rights reserved 
=/div> 
=/div> 
&nb=p; please note 
The information contained in this communication i= 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute=inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee= It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying=of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and=may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, pl=ase notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and=all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights =eserved 
=/div> 
=/blockquote> 
=3B please note 
The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privilege=, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
th= use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use,=disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is stri=tly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
commun=cation in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by =-mail to jeevac=tion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies the=eof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01651496 
EFTA02516495

