# EFTA02574158

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Fwd: Neil-David Blaine & Woody Allen|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin Sent: Thursday, September 5, 2013 10:04 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: Fwd: Neil-David Blaine & Woody Allen I am coming by tomorrow!! Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry Original Message From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Date: Thu, 5 Sep 2013 18:02:16 Tc Subject:

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin 
Sent: 
Thursday, September 5, 2013 10:04 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: Fwd: Neil-David Blaine & Woody Allen 
I am coming by tomorrow!! 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
 
Original Message 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Date: Thu, 5 Sep 2013 18:02:16 
Tc
Subject: Fwd: Neil-David Blaine & Woody Allen 
=ast night 
=0A=0A=0A- 
Forwarded message 
=rom: Lesley Grof 
=Date: Thu, Sep 5, 2013 at 12:50 PM 
=ubject: Neil-David Blaine & Woody Allen 
=o: Epstein Jeffrey <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gmailcom»=0A=0A=0A=0A= 
=0A=0A=0A=egin forwarded message: 
=0A=rom: Neil Gershenfeld 
=ubject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
=ate: September 5, 2013 12:41:58 PM EDT 
=o: Lesley Groff 
=0A=esley, 
=0A=0A=inner was fun and the logistics easy, thanks. 
=0A=DA=ere's the pictures and video: 
=OA= 
=0A=ttp://ng.cba.mit.edu/file/dinner/index.html 
=0A=0A=0A=That's a private server, I'll take down once you copy them (unless Jeffrey=or David would like them shared). 
=0A=eil 
=0A=DA=n Thu, Sep 5, 2013 at 10:29 AM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
=Good morning Neil! hope you had a great time last night and that all th= logistics worked out well for you! 
=Jeffrey is asking if you could send him a copy of the video you took Blain= and Woody... 
=possible? 
=Lesley 
=Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
=212 750 9895 <tel:212%20750%209895> 
EFTA_R1_01744670 
EFTA02574158

=0A=0A=0A=-
=he information contained in this communication is 
=onfidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
=constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
=he use of the addressee. It is the property of 
=effrey Epstein 
=nauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
=ommunication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
=and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
=ommunication in error, please notify us immediately by 
=eturn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtojeevacation@gma=tcom> , and 
=destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
=ncluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>264963</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1378418672</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>339106</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01744671 
EFTA02574159

