# EFTA02409176

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Mon Jul 19 18:36:40 2010|
|Subject|Re: No Show|

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationegmaitcom[jeevacation©gmaitcom] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 7/19/2010 10:37:40 PM Subject: Re: No Show Out of town tuesday. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Jul 19 18:36:40 2010 Subject: Re: No Show tuesday On Mon, Jul 19, 2010 at 6:31 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. <=a> wrote: Went to your house bu

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationegmaitcom[jeevacation©gmaitcom] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 7/19/2010 10:37:40 PM Subject: Re: No Show Out of town tuesday. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Jul 19 18:36:40 2010 Subject: Re: No Show tuesday On Mon, Jul 19, 2010 at 6:31 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. <=a> wrote: Went to your house but you ain't there. Talk later. *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is c

**[WORD]:** [jeevacation©gmaitcom] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Mon 7/19/2010 10:37:40 PM Subject: Re: No Show Out of town tuesday. From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Mon Jul 19 18:36:40 2010 Subject: Re: No Show tuesday On Mon, Jul 19, 2010 at 6:31 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. <=a> wrote: Went to your house but you ain't there. Talk later. *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the u

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationegmaitcom[jeevacation©gmaitcom] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Mon 7/19/2010 10:37:40 PM 
Subject: Re: No Show 
Out of town tuesday. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmailcom> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Mon Jul 19 18:36:40 2010 
Subject: Re: No Show 
tuesday 
On Mon, Jul 19, 2010 at 6:31 PM, Farkas, Andrew L. <=a> 
wrote: 
Went to your house but you ain't there. Talk later. 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01469183 
EFTA02409176

