# EFTA02250203

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Iva u in|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re: Flights|

---

**[FULL]:** ! Please note, my email address has changed to On Jul 2, 2018, at 10:43 AM, wrote: Oh wow! Well That's the best solution of all! Ok thank and safe travels. Will you still stay at Jeffreys Paris apartment? Would you like Valdson to pick you up? Sent from my iPhone On Jul 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin > wrote: Thank you! I am taking our plane**** Please note, my email address has changed to On Jul 2, 2018, at 9:27 AM, wrote: Good morning! Happy to purchase your flights once you arc ready. Just email me the flight #, day and time... Thanks, Lesley On Jun 29, 2018, at 7:43 PM, Eva Dubin

**[FULL]:** , Eva Dubin > wrote: Thank you! I am taking our plane**** Please note, my email address has changed to On Jul 2, 2018, at 9:27 AM, wrote: Good morning! Happy to purchase your flights once you arc ready. Just email me the flight #, day and time... Thanks, Lesley On Jun 29, 2018, at 7:43 PM, Eva Dubin *ca' wrote: No... I might have to leave next week already Tuesday night or Wednesday night or Thursday night... Same flights... so the midnight to Paris and then two days later the evening flight to Gothenburgh. We can look at this on Monday. Thank you • Please note, my email address has

**[WORD]:** • Please note, my email address has changed to EFTA_R1_01034831 EFTA02250203 On Jun 29, 2018, at 6:48 PM, wrote: HI Eva...did you want to try to take the same flights but in first class if available.? 10th on AF#9 to Paris 12th on AF#1552 to Gothenburg On Jun 29, 2018, at 6:29 PM, Eva Dubin MIMEO M> wrote: Please note, my email address has changed to On Jun 29, 2018, at 6:27 PM, jeffity E. leevacation@gmai 1.com> wrote: les get eva first class tickets to paris and then on to gothen burg return when she wants. please note EFTA_R1_01034832 EFTA02250204 The infor

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: Iva u in 
Sent 
Mon 7/2/2018 3:08:28 PM 
Subject: Re: Flights 
I will fly straight to Sweden 
Thank you though!! 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
On Jul 2, 2018, at 10:43 AM, 
wrote: 
Oh wow! Well That's the best solution of all! Ok thank and safe travels. Will you 
still stay at Jeffreys Paris apartment? Would you like Valdson to pick you up? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jul 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin 
> wrote:
Thank you! 
I am taking our plane**** 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
On Jul 2, 2018, at 9:27 AM, 
wrote: 
Good morning! Happy to purchase your flights once you 
arc ready. Just email me the flight #, day and time... 
Thanks, Lesley 
On Jun 29, 2018, at 7:43 PM, Eva Dubin 
*ca' 
wrote: 
No... 
I might have to leave next week already Tuesday night or Wednesday 
night or Thursday night... 
Same flights... so the midnight to Paris and then two days later the 
evening flight to Gothenburgh. 
We can look at this on Monday. 
Thank you • 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
EFTA_R1_01034831 
EFTA02250203

On Jun 29, 2018, at 6:48 PM,
wrote: 
HI Eva...did you want to try to 
take the same flights but in first 
class if available.? 
10th on AF#9 to Paris 
12th on AF#1552 to 
Gothenburg 
On Jun 29, 2018, at 
6:29 PM, Eva 
Dubin 
MIMEO 
M> wrote: 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
On Jun 29, 2018, at 6:27 PM, jeffity E. 
leevacation@gmai 
1.com> wrote: 
les get 
eva 
first 
class 
tickets 
to paris 
and 
then on 
to 
gothen 
burg 
return 
when 
she 
wants. 
please note 
EFTA_R1_01034832 
EFTA02250204

The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only 
for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibi 
ted 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us 
immcdi 
ately 
by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to 
'eevaca 
tionag 
mail.co 
m, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights 
reserve 
d 
EFTA_R1_01034833 
EFTA02250205

