# EFTA02411832

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein, york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Peggy Siegal|
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Wed Dec 01 08:35:40 2010|
|Subject|RE: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew|

---

**[FULL]:** To: jeevacation6gmad.combeevacation©gmall.com]; From: Peggy Siegal Sent Fri 12/3/2010 12:41:09 AM Subject Re: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew Title: Re: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew OK...we will take a chair away. Hope kids will be fine. xoxo Peg — Original Message — From: Stephanopoulos, George To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Thu Dec 02 19:22:07 2010 Subject: Re: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew Ili Peggy — little emerge

**[FULL]:** To: jeevacation6gmad.combeevacation©gmall.com]; From: Peggy Siegal Sent Fri 12/3/2010 12:41:09 AM Subject Re: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew Title: Re: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew OK...we will take a chair away. Hope kids will be fine. xoxo Peg — Original Message — From: Stephanopoulos, George To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Thu Dec 02 19:22:07 2010 Subject: Re: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew Ili Peggy — little emergency here. Both girls have 102 fever I can still mak

**[FULL]:** Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew Title: Re: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew OK...we will take a chair away. Hope kids will be fine. xoxo Peg — Original Message — From: Stephanopoulos, George To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Thu Dec 02 19:22:07 2010 Subject: Re: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew Ili Peggy — little emergency here. Both girls have 102 fever I can still make it but Ali can't. Sony. G Sent from my iPad On Dec I, 2010, at 8:41 AM, "Peggy Siegal* wrote: Totally fine. That's why we are starting at 8:00pm. So come on time and you will have private time with Andrew because h

**[FULL]:** ally fine. That's why we are starting at 8:00pm. So come on time and you will have private time with Andrew because he is staying at the house.... xoxo Peg — Original Message -- From: Stephanopoulos, George To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Wed Dec 01 08:35:40 2010 Subject: RE: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew I probably have to duck out by 10 (315 wakeup)...but Ali will be the life of the party!!! From: Peggy Siegal Sent: Wednesday, December 01, 2010 8:26 AM To: Stephanopoulos, George Subject: Re: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew Perfect! Come at 8:00pm...I am just emailing/calling a few m

**[FULL]:** d Dec 01 08:35:40 2010 Subject: RE: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew I probably have to duck out by 10 (315 wakeup)...but Ali will be the life of the party!!! From: Peggy Siegal Sent: Wednesday, December 01, 2010 8:26 AM To: Stephanopoulos, George Subject: Re: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew Perfect! Come at 8:00pm...I am just emailing/calling a few more now and will keep you updated on who else is coming...but small. Can you send me Ali's email/phone too..want to talk to her later. Peggy — Original Message — From: Stephanopoulos, George To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Wed Dec 01 08:15:0

**[FULL]:** /calling a few more now and will keep you updated on who else is coming...but small. Can you send me Ali's email/phone too..want to talk to her later. Peggy — Original Message — From: Stephanopoulos, George To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Wed Dec 01 08:15:03 2010 Subject: RE: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew We'd love to Peggy...thanks...right around the corner from our house! EFTA_R1_0 1473330 EFTA02411832 From: Peggy Siegal Sent: Wednesday, To: Stephanopoulos, George Subject: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew George: do not think less of me but I am putting together a very last minute c

**[FULL]:** Siegal Sent: Wed Dec 01 08:15:03 2010 Subject: RE: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew We'd love to Peggy...thanks...right around the corner from our house! EFTA_R1_0 1473330 EFTA02411832 From: Peggy Siegal Sent: Wednesday, To: Stephanopoulos, George Subject: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew George: do not think less of me but I am putting together a very last minute casual dinner for Prince Andrew, who is in New York on an unofficial private visit. Please come and bring AR. The list for far...and we arc keeping this private and small... Prince Andrew, Woody Allen and Soon-Yi, Kati

**[FULL]:** ggy...thanks...right around the corner from our house! EFTA_R1_0 1473330 EFTA02411832 From: Peggy Siegal Sent: Wednesday, To: Stephanopoulos, George Subject: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew George: do not think less of me but I am putting together a very last minute casual dinner for Prince Andrew, who is in New York on an unofficial private visit. Please come and bring AR. The list for far...and we arc keeping this private and small... Prince Andrew, Woody Allen and Soon-Yi, Katie Couric....leffrey Epstein, where Andrew is staying. Jeffrey's house is one the largest single dwellings i

**[FULL]:** ect: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew George: do not think less of me but I am putting together a very last minute casual dinner for Prince Andrew, who is in New York on an unofficial private visit. Please come and bring AR. The list for far...and we arc keeping this private and small... Prince Andrew, Woody Allen and Soon-Yi, Katie Couric....leffrey Epstein, where Andrew is staying. Jeffrey's house is one the largest single dwellings in New York...it's beautiful. So come to for a very interesting, fast. fun dinner. xoxo Peggy EFTA_R1_01473331 EFTA02411833

**[WORD]:** for Prince Andrew Ili Peggy — little emergency here. Both girls have 102 fever I can still make it but Ali can't. Sony. G Sent from my iPad On Dec I, 2010, at 8:41 AM, "Peggy Siegal* wrote: Totally fine. That's why we are starting at 8:00pm. So come on time and you will have private time with Andrew because he is staying at the house.... xoxo Peg — Original Message -- From: Stephanopoulos, George To: Peggy Siegal Sent: Wed Dec 01 08:35:40 2010 Subject: RE: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew I probably have to duck out by 10 (315 wakeup)...but Ali will be the life of the party!!! F

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation6gmad.combeevacation©gmall.com]; 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Fri 12/3/2010 12:41:09 AM 
Subject 
Re: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew 
Title: Re: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew 
OK...we will take a chair away. Hope kids will be fine. xoxo Peg 
— Original Message —
From: Stephanopoulos, George 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Thu Dec 02 19:22:07 2010 
Subject: Re: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew 
Ili Peggy — little emergency here. Both girls have 102 fever 
I can still make it but Ali can't. Sony. G 
Sent from my iPad 
On Dec I, 2010, at 8:41 AM, "Peggy Siegal* 
wrote: 
Totally fine. That's why we are starting at 8:00pm. So come on time and you will have private time with Andrew 
because he is staying at the house.... 
xoxo Peg 
— Original Message --
From: Stephanopoulos, George 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Wed Dec 01 08:35:40 2010 
Subject: RE: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew 
I probably have to duck out by 10 (315 wakeup)...but Ali will be the life of the party!!! 
From: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Wednesday, December 01, 2010 8:26 AM 
To: Stephanopoulos, George 
Subject: Re: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew 
Perfect! Come at 8:00pm...I am just emailing/calling a few more now and will keep you updated on who else is 
coming...but small. 
Can you send me Ali's email/phone too..want to talk to her later. Peggy 
— Original Message —
From: Stephanopoulos, George 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Wed Dec 01 08:15:03 2010 
Subject: RE: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew 
We'd love to Peggy...thanks...right around the corner from our house! 
EFTA_R1_0 1473330 
EFTA02411832

From: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Wednesday, 
To: Stephanopoulos, George 
Subject: Thursday small dinner for Prince Andrew 
George: do not think less of me but I am putting together a very last minute casual dinner for Prince Andrew, who is 
in New York on an unofficial private visit. Please come and bring AR. 
The list for far...and we arc keeping this private and small... 
Prince Andrew, Woody Allen and Soon-Yi, Katie Couric....leffrey Epstein, where Andrew is staying. Jeffrey's house 
is one the largest single dwellings in New York...it's beautiful. So come to 
for a very interesting, fast. 
fun dinner. xoxo Peggy 
EFTA_R1_01473331 
EFTA02411833

