# EFTA00028163 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 11

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> u of Prisons Metropolitan Detention Center BY ECF The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 80 29h Street Brooklyn, New York 11232 A1;21 ALISON J. NATHAN United States District Judge Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Ghislaine Maxwell, Reg. No. 02579-509 Dear Judge Nathan: USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC DATE FILED: 2/2/21 Having considered the request submitted by the Bureau of Prisons ("BOP") that the Court vacate its January 15, 2021 Order, Dkt. No. 117, as well as

### Match 2
> Center BY ECF The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 80 29h Street Brooklyn, New York 11232 A1;21 ALISON J. NATHAN United States District Judge Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Ghislaine Maxwell, Reg. No. 02579-509 Dear Judge Nathan: USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC DATE FILED: 2/2/21 Having considered the request submitted by the Bureau of Prisons ("BOP") that the Court vacate its January 15, 2021 Order, Dkt. No. 117, as well as the Government's and the Defendant's

### Match 3
> u of Prisons Metropolitan Detention Center BY ECF The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 80 29h Street Brooklyn, New York 11232 A1;21 ALISON J. NATHAN United States District Judge Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Ghislaine Maxwell, Reg. No. 02579-509 Dear Judge Nathan: USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC DATE FILED: 2/2/21 Having considered the request submitted by the Bureau of Prisons ("BOP") that the Court vacate its January 15, 2021 Order, Dkt. No. 117, as

### Match 4
> Center BY ECF The Honorable Alison J. Nathan United States District Court Southern District of New York 40 Foley Square New York, NY 10007 80 29h Street Brooklyn, New York 11232 A1;21 ALISON J. NATHAN United States District Judge Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell, 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) Ghislaine Maxwell, Reg. No. 02579-509 Dear Judge Nathan: USDC SONY DOCUMENT ELECTRONICALLY FILED DOC DATE FILED: 2/2/21 Having considered the request submitted by the Bureau of Prisons ("BOP") that the Court vacate its January 15, 2021 Order, Dkt. No. 117, as well as the Government's and the Def

### Match 5
> Court vacate its January 15, 2021 Order, Dkt. No. 117, as well as the Government's and the Defendant's responses, Dkt. Nos. 129, 130, the Court hereby DENIES the BOP's request to vacate the Order. SO ORDERED. This letter is written in response to Order granted on January 15, 2021, concerning Ghislaine Maxwell, Reg. 02879-509., an inmate currently confined at the Metropolitan Detention Center ("MDC") in Brooklyn, New York. The MDC Brooklyn respectfully requests that Your Honor vacate the Order given MDC Brooklyn was not given the opportunity to object to defense counsel's claims, although the

### Match 6
> DC Brooklyn respectfully requests that Your Honor vacate the Order given MDC Brooklyn was not given the opportunity to object to defense counsel's claims, although the objection had been reiterated to the U.S. Attorney's Office numerous times. Defense counsel expressed various concerns regarding Ms. Maxwell's confinement limiting her access to discovery. However, Ms. Maxwell has received a significant amount of time to review her discovery. On November 18, 2020, the Government provided the MDC Brooklyn with a laptop for Ms. Maxwell to use to review discovery. Ms. Maxwell has been and will continue

### Match 7
> en MDC Brooklyn was not given the opportunity to object to defense counsel's claims, although the objection had been reiterated to the U.S. Attorney's Office numerous times. Defense counsel expressed various concerns regarding Ms. Maxwell's confinement limiting her access to discovery. However, Ms. Maxwell has received a significant amount of time to review her discovery. On November 18, 2020, the Government provided the MDC Brooklyn with a laptop for Ms. Maxwell to use to review discovery. Ms. Maxwell has been and will continue to be permitted to use that laptop to review her discovery for thirte

### Match 8
> various concerns regarding Ms. Maxwell's confinement limiting her access to discovery. However, Ms. Maxwell has received a significant amount of time to review her discovery. On November 18, 2020, the Government provided the MDC Brooklyn with a laptop for Ms. Maxwell to use to review discovery. Ms. Maxwell has been and will continue to be permitted to use that laptop to review her discovery for thirteen (13) hours per day, five (5) days per week. In addition to the Government laptop, she has access to the MDC Brooklyn discovery computers. Although defense counsel has indicated that the MDC Brookly

### Match 9
> access to the MDC Brooklyn discovery computers. Although defense counsel has indicated that the MDC Brooklyn discovery computers are not equipped to read all of her electronic discovery, the computers are capable of reviewing most of the electronic discovery. Despite defense counsel's claim that Ms. Maxwell's lacks sufficient time to fully review her discovery, her consistent use of Government laptop and MDC Brooklyn's discovery computers undercuts this claim. Moreover, Ms. Maxwell continues to have contact with her legal counsel five (5) days per week, three (3) hours per day via video-teleconfere

### Match 10
> scovery, the computers are capable of reviewing most of the electronic discovery. Despite defense counsel's claim that Ms. Maxwell's lacks sufficient time to fully review her discovery, her consistent use of Government laptop and MDC Brooklyn's discovery computers undercuts this claim. Moreover, Ms. Maxwell continues to have contact with her legal counsel five (5) days per week, three (3) hours per day via video-teleconference and via telephone; this is far more time than any other MDC inmate is allotted to communicate with their attorneys. EFTA00028163 Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 13/ Filed 02
