# EFTA02583490

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, May 14, 2014 9:45 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: We'd 530 On Wednesday, May 14, 2014, Eva Dubin <=a wrote:=br> Glenn says yes to the Woody Allen sc=eening. Where and when? =C2 please note The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te inside information, and

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, May 14, 2014 9:45 PM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Re: We'd 530 On Wednesday, May 14, 2014, Eva Dubin <=a wrote:=br> Glenn says yes to the Woody Allen sc=eening. Where and when? =C2 please note The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the proper

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, May 14, 2014 9:45 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Subject: 
Re: 
We'd 530 
On Wednesday, May 14, 2014, Eva Dubin <=a 
wrote:=br> 
Glenn says yes to the Woody Allen sc=eening. Where and when? 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized 
use,=disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is stri=tly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this commun=cation in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 
--047d7b2e5464859f8904f9631660-- conversation-id 290652 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1400103881 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 409848 
1 
EFTA_R1_01761756 
EFTA02583490

