# EFTA02555750

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: model, mc2

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Joshua Fink [mailto:|
|To||
|Sent|Thursday, June 07, 2012 02:33 PM|
|Subject|RE:|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel < Sent: Thursday, June 7, 2012 6:37 PM To: jeevacation@gmail.com Subject: Fw Original Message From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Thursda June 07 2012 02:37 PM =0: Subject: Re: IMIMI Hi Tomorrow, we can talk and find a time to meet. Best JI Original Message From: Joshua Fink [mailto:

**[FULL]:** From: Jean Luc Brunel < Sent: Thursday, June 7, 2012 6:37 PM To: jeevacation@gmail.com Subject: Fw Original Message From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Thursda June 07 2012 02:37 PM =0: Subject: Re: IMIMI Hi Tomorrow, we can talk and find a time to meet. Best JI Original Message From: Joshua Fink [mailto: Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2012 02:33 PM =0: Jean Luc Brunel; Subject: RE: > Thank you for the email. Perhaps we can grab a

**[FULL]:** o: jeevacation@gmail.com Subject: Fw Original Message From: Jean Luc Brunel Sent: Thursda June 07 2012 02:37 PM =0: Subject: Re: IMIMI Hi Tomorrow, we can talk and find a time to meet. Best JI Original Message From: Joshua Fink [mailto: Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2012 02:33 PM =0: Jean Luc Brunel; Subject: RE: > Thank you for the email. Perhaps we can grab a coffee or drink tomorrow or=over the weekend to discuss in person. What times might work best for you= Look forward to finally meeting. Warmest regards, Josh Original Message From: Jean Luc Brunel [mailto Sent: Thursday, June

**[FULL]:** , June 07, 2012 02:33 PM =0: Jean Luc Brunel; Subject: RE: > Thank you for the email. Perhaps we can grab a coffee or drink tomorrow or=over the weekend to discuss in person. What times might work best for you= Look forward to finally meeting. Warmest regards, Josh Original Message From: Jean Luc Brunel [mailto Sent: Thursday, June 07 2012 2:31 PM To: Joshua Fink; Subject: Re: Hi I have got your email and told you that I was coming back to NY tomorrow. l=guess this is a invoice from our previous agreement. If there is any new =hings happening at the moment, I am not aware of it. I will ask a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jean Luc Brunel < 
Sent: 
Thursday, June 7, 2012 6:37 PM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Fw 
 
Original Message 
From: Jean Luc Brunel 
Sent: Thursda June 07 2012 02:37 PM 
=0: 
Subject: Re: IMIMI 
Hi 
Tomorrow, we can talk and find a time to meet. 
Best 
JI 
 
Original Message 
From: Joshua Fink [mailto: 
Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2012 02:33 PM 
=0: Jean Luc Brunel; 
Subject: RE: 
> 
Thank you for the email. Perhaps we can grab a coffee or drink tomorrow or=over the weekend to discuss in person. 
What times might work best for you= Look forward to finally meeting. 
Warmest regards, 
Josh 
 
Original Message 
From: Jean Luc Brunel [mailto 
Sent: Thursday, June 07 2012 2:31 PM 
To: Joshua Fink; 
Subject: Re: 
Hi 
I have got your email and told you that I was coming back to NY tomorrow. l=guess this is a invoice from our previous 
agreement. If there is any new =hings happening at the moment, I am not aware of it. I will ask accounting=to suspend 
any billing from now on until further notification from you or=the model. 
Warm regards 
Jean luc 
 
Original Message 
From: Joshua Fink [mailt 
Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2012 07:12 AM 
EFTA_R1_01713951 
EFTA02555750

To 
Cc: 
Subject: RE: 
Dear Jean Luc, 
I am not sure if you received the email I sent on Tuesday. By chance yeste=day I received an invoice from MC2 in the 
mail. I would love to clarify a=point or two with you as I do not believe I have a full understanding of t=ings at the 
moment. I am more than happy to pay this invoice if our agree=ent still stands and there is no issue from my side if that 
is the case. =hank you in advance for your time and look forward to meeting and speaking=soon. 
Warmest regards, 
Josh 
 
Original Message 
From: Joshua Fink 
Se 
2 10:16 PM 
To 
Cc: 
Subject 
Dear Jean Luc, 
I hope this email finds you well. I would love to grab a bite or a drink i= you are through nyc in the next week. 
Alternatively, are you available f=r a quick phone call tomorrow? Thank you very much. 
Warmest regards, 
Josh 
Joshua Fink 
CEO & Chief Investment Officer 
Enso Capital Management LLC 
This e-mail and any attachments thereto, is intended only for use by the ad=ressee(s) named herein and may contain 
legally privileged and/or confident=al information. If you are not the intended recipient of this e-mail, you =re hereby 
notified any dissemination, distribution or copying of this emai=, and any attachments thereto, is strictly prohibited. If 
you receive this=email in error please immediately notify us at (212) 829-3500 and permanen=ly delete the original copy 
and any copy of any e-mail, and any printout t=ereof. Further information about the firm, a list of the Partners and 
the=r professional qualifications will be provided upon request. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01713952 
EFTA02555751

<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<IDOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/Propertylist-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>222949</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1339094250</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>228071</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01713953 
EFTA02555752

