# EFTA02433648

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject|Re:|

---

**[WORD]:** Tue 12/1/2009 11:56:33 PM Subject Re: At airport going back to NY Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> Date: Tue 1 Dec 2009 18:49:20 -0500 To: Subject: Re: where are you? On Tue, Dec 1, 2009 at 6:22 PM, Ok. See u in nyc I'm there dec 7/8/9. From Andrew Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile wrote: The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosu

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey E tein'eevacation*gmailcom] 
From: 
Sent 
Tue 12/1/2009 11:56:33 PM 
Subject Re: 
At airport going back to NY 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leevacation®gmail.com> 
Date: Tue 1 Dec 2009 18:49:20 -0500 
To: 
Subject: Re: 
where are you? 
On Tue, Dec 1, 2009 at 6:22 PM, 
Ok. See u in nyc I'm there dec 7/8/9. From Andrew 
Sent via BlackBerry from T-Mobile 
wrote: 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01504952 
EFTA02433648

