# EFTA02573212

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, foundation, mit

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Boris Nikolic|
|To|Nathan Myhrvold; Bill Gates|
|Sent|Monday, September 24, 2012 2:12 PM|
|Subject|FW: Connecting you|

---

**[FULL]:** stein (jeevacation@gmail.com) Subject: FW: Connecting you This is email tat mistakenly went out due to a some glitche - I sent you a= email that I wrote as a follow up. Please let me know if Ok to send it. B Original Message From: Boris Nikolic Sent: Tuesday, August 27, 2013 11:56 AM To: Bill Gates Subject: FW: Connecting you I was updating Bill re FM both as investment as well as for his house keepe=. b Original Message From: Boris Nikolic Sent: Monday, September 24, 2012 2:12 PM To: Nathan Myhrvold; Bill Gates Subject: FW: Connecting you HI Nathan, I just checked whether Foundat

**[FULL]:** ssage From: Boris Nikolic Sent: Tuesday, August 27, 2013 11:56 AM To: Bill Gates Subject: FW: Connecting you I was updating Bill re FM both as investment as well as for his house keepe=. b Original Message From: Boris Nikolic Sent: Monday, September 24, 2012 2:12 PM To: Nathan Myhrvold; Bill Gates Subject: FW: Connecting you HI Nathan, I just checked whether Foundation Medicine (FM) received tumor tissue for a=alysis, but as of today it still did not (see below). They tried everything to speed up but because some (unknown to me) reason, =t is going very slow. You can see part of emails

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Tuesday, August 27, 2013 7:53 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com) 
Subject: 
FW: Connecting you 
This is email tat mistakenly went out due to a some glitche - I sent you a= email that I wrote as a follow up. 
Please let me know if Ok to send it. 
B 
 
Original Message 
From: Boris Nikolic 
Sent: Tuesday, August 27, 2013 11:56 AM 
To: Bill Gates 
Subject: FW: Connecting you 
I was updating Bill re FM both as investment as well as for his house keepe=. 
b 
 
Original Message 
From: Boris Nikolic 
Sent: Monday, September 24, 2012 2:12 PM 
To: Nathan Myhrvold; Bill Gates 
Subject: FW: Connecting you 
HI Nathan, 
I just checked whether Foundation Medicine (FM) received tumor tissue for a=alysis, but as of today it still did not (see 
below). 
They tried everything to speed up but because some (unknown to me) reason, =t is going very slow. 
You can see part of emails trails below - it has been weeks/months that we =re trying to obtain this tissue. 
I am just afraid that time is not on our side and that a critical window is=closing. 
Broad people tried to push Kaplan but there is a limit what they can do. 
Also as I do not know Kaplan and am not involved in her care, it would be g=eat if you can GENTLY see what else can be 
done that her tumor tissue is f=nally send out. 
Thank you!. 
Boris 
EFTA_R1_01743133 
EFTA02573212

 
Original Message 
From: Todd Golub 
Sent: Monday, September 24, 2012 11:42 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic 
Subject: Re: Connecting you 
I just checked, and the team (including CEO of Foundation Medicine) is on t=e lookout for the sample, but it's not yet 
arrived. I don't think there's =ore we can do. I've already pressed as hard as I feel comfortable. 
Todd 
On Sep 24, 2012, at 1:16 PM, Boris Nikolic 
wrote: 
> HI Todd, 
> Sorry for bothering you again with this. Was there any progress of FM ge=ting samples? 
> As I am not involved in that patient care (nor I am a relative) there is = limitation what I can do to speed up sample 
delivery to FM. I just learn= that patient is not doing well. 
> Please let me know if there was any progress and if there are any obstacl=s. 
> Thank you 
> Boris 
 
Original Message 
> From: Todd Golub 
> Sent: Friday, August 31, 2012 2:48 PM 
> To: Boris Nikolic 
> Subject: Re: Connecting you 
> Boris, 
> • I've been connecting regularly with Hank Kaplan. I suggested sending samp=e both to Foundation Medicine (for clinical 
grade testing of a subset of t=e genome) and to the Broad Institute (for research grade testing of the en=ire genome). 
> I touched base with Hank yesterday to see how that was going. He replied =hat a pathologist is working on getting 
sample to Foundation Medicine. 
> • I'm not sure if there is interest (or ability) to send more to the Broad =would require some sort of local research 
protocol). But I'm glad that thi=gs are in motion with Foundation (I've let them know to expect a sample, a=d I'll stay 
involved with analysis). I think the Foundation test will like=y give most of what's clinically actionable. 
> • I'll keep you posted on any further progress (though I admit it does seem=a bit slow). 
> Best, 
> Todd 
2 
EFTA_R1_01743134 
EFTA02573213

> wrote=
> On Aug 31, 2012, at 3:26 PM, Boris Nikolic 
» Hi Todd, 
» It has been few weeks since we talked. 
» I have been on the road for the most of that time. 
» I am now back in Seattle and catching up with a number of follow ups. 
» I am just wondering what is the status of the analysis of the tumor? 
» Did you have chance to obtain cancer tissue? 
» Please let me know if I can be of any help. 
» Thank you 
» Boris 
 
Original Message 
» From: Eric Lander 
» Sent: Monday, July 30, 2012 2:36 AM 
» To: Boris Nikolic; Todd Golub 
» Subject: Connecting you 
» Boris: 
» I have spoken with Todd Golub, chief scientific officer of the Broad and=director of our cancer program, about our 
conversation. 
» We're glad to help in any way we can. 
» Todd (copied) will be glad to speak with you -- and to ensure that the r=ght genomic information is obtained and 
interpreted. 
» I will be glad to stay in the loop as well. 
» With best wishes 
» Eric 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.0.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>264599</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-receivedgkey> 
<integer>1377633179</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01743135 
EFTA02573214

<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>336187</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
4 
EFTA_R1_01743136 
EFTA02573215

