# EFTA02442761

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein, hillary, bill

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To|Peggy Siegal|
|Sent|Wed May 20 09:17:25 2009|
|Subject|Re: Cannes|

---

**[FULL]:** ch to see Flaminco singers and watch Korean Ang Lee clap to Spainish music. Wednesday is Quentin Tarrantino's press conference with Brad Pitt. Lunch on Len Blavatnik's boat Wednesday...and Brad Pitt's premiere...with an after party and a alter-alter part!, Thursday is AmFar with Sharon Stone and Bill Clinton together again...at DuCap. Friday night Paul Allen is having a dinner for Dr. Watson on his boat. Do you know him? Paul Allen or Dr. Watson? I really want to go and write about it (and not tell Paul-it would be smart, complimentary and short) Can you help me get invitcd...ies not small at 

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeeyacation©gmail.com[jeeyacation(ggmail.com] 
From: 
Peggy Siegal 
Sent 
Wed 5/20/2009 2:43:53 PM 
Subject: Re: Cannes 
Title: Re: Cannes 
Just left Len's boat...he was very nice...! brought Tom Scott...who invented Nantucket Nector..and founded Plum TV and 
now producing films....Lawrence Bender who just produced Quentin Tarrantino's "Inglorious Basterds" that we are all 
seeing tonight. 
Brad and Angelina coming...staying at DuCap...Clinion just got here, also at DuCap- he is coming to AmFar..taking bets 
he shows up tonight..went to press conference this morning- press whispered to me...film has problems...will report. 
Len's boat about 150 or 170. My Odessa .can you look it up? Beautiful yacht... 
Miss you...will come see you...more to come. xoxo Peg 
Spoke to Len about getting involved with Film Society...1 think he will pay me to orgainze private screenings for him...he 
wanted Premiere tickets and I told him those events arc tacky...more to come. 
— Original Message —
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To: Peggy Siegal 
Sent: Wed May 20 09:17:25 2009 
Subject: Re: Cannes 
I'm jealous 
On Tue. May 19, 2009 at 10:48 PM. Peggy Siegal <Peggy etrpeggysiegatcom> wrote: 
Jeffrey-
Having a stupendous time since I arrived Friday morning and hit the ground running. 
My room is very nice and very very sunny and I can actually see the sea if I hang out my balcony. Last year I was in 
the back above the glass bottle matcher desposal. After my "diary" I have been upgraded. 
Have seen a film a night. 
Friday-went to Jane Campion film, "Bright Star with Matthew Modine (who I found in my lobby with nothing to 
do), actually was his "date" went to red carpet premiere at the Palais..posed for international papparazzi with him 
and 
dinner in Antibes with Tom Scott of Plum TV. 
Saturday saw Jerry Lewis (an icon in France) at DuCap lunch...also Tilde Swinton. Irwin Winkler, Quentin 
Tarrantino- he has hot film for Wednesday night, "Inglorious Basterds" with Brad Pitt. 
Saturday night Charles Finch had very chic dinner....with Ralph Ficnnes, Rachel Weisz and Darren Aronofsky, 
Elizabeth Banks. Jacob Rothchild's daughter. Jagger. Scorsese...and 100 English/American/French filmmakers at the 
Eden Rock overlooking the sea. 
Was the most interesting dinner with great people. 
Sunday. saw morning screening of "Agora" with Rachel Weisz (Egypt in 349 AD) and Johnny Pigozzi had his annual 
lunch at his seaside villa next to DuCap. Chased Mick Jagger around the pool all afternoon and he would not let me take 
his photo...Sunday night went to a party for Weinstein's unfinished film. "Nowhere Boy" about John Lennon as a 
boy/young man and hung with Julian Lennon...then "Agora" party to see Rachel and Max Minghella... 
Monday- Disney made it snow in front of The Carlton as Jim Carney arrived in a horse drawn carriage with 4 black 
horses in a blizzard with Christmas carols blasting over loud speakers...then they showed 10 mins of 3-D footage in a hugh 
theater Disney built inside the hotel...footage will terrify any small kid. 
EFTA_R 1_01517907 
EFTA02442761

....That night- Harvey Weinstein showed 10 minutes of footage from "Nine" that is so spectacular that he already won 
the Oscar...then onto the Palais for red carpet premiere of "Looking for Eric"...(English...not as many American films this 
yearSaw Hillary Swank- then onto Paul Allen's 414 foot boat, Octopus, that was built in Gennany 6 years ago and is 
beyond anything I have ever been on...complete with a yellow submarine...Jagger there again, Colin Firth, Diane Kruger, 
Tilde Swinton (my new best friend) Robert Zenteckes, Dick Cook-head of Disney, Quentin Terrantino, Rob Paulson 
of "Twilight", Paris Hilton....got tour of boat..65 crew. 
Tuesday- ran to Pedro Almodovaes press conference for "Broken Embraces" with Penelope Cruz...learned all about 
Pedro's films from Pedro..took notes like a journalist. 
Back to Hotel DuCap for lunch...sightings- only Ron Meyer, Harvey Weinstein, Hugh (Chariots of Fire) 
Hudson...slow day. 
Went to Bridgette Lacombe's book party on the beach... her latest book has sensational photos of the fabulous and 
famous- too heavy to pack..then to Palais for red carpet premiere of "Broken Embraccs"...Pcnclopc is devine in it...then to 
after party on tlx: beach to see Flaminco singers and watch Korean Ang Lee clap to Spainish music. 
Wednesday is Quentin Tarrantino's press conference with Brad Pitt. 
Lunch on Len Blavatnik's boat Wednesday...and Brad Pitt's premiere...with an after party and a alter-alter part!, 
Thursday is AmFar with Sharon Stone and Bill Clinton together again...at DuCap. 
Friday night Paul Allen is having a dinner for Dr. Watson on his boat. Do you know him? Paul Allen or Dr. 
Watson? I really want to go and write about it (and not tell Paul-it would be smart, complimentary and short) 
Can you help me get invitcd...ies not small at all on a 414 ft boat. Piggoai knows him too. 
I am writing my diary- a big challange...there are very few American movie stars this year. Glorious weather. OK 
films...and I am managing to have a ball...so I will spin some tall tale and hopefully amuse. 
More to come. Here till Monday...then to "Ghent Again: The Second Hip". xoxo Peggy 
I can never every thank you enough for giving me these fabulous, fun, smart and sunny days in Europe. I see 
everyone in the industry...wear my chicest clothes and always have a funny story....and seem to get great feedback on my 
antics. My presense translates into jobs... 
I am beginning to work on my "diary"....bit of a challenge--so few big stars this year...but I will figure it out. Will try 
to finish before my operation next Tuesday...writing a good story is not a problem...may not have 10 pages of photos of big 
celebs to amuse editors at "I lamptons"....but have insight into this years new films...will figure it out. 
xoxo Peggy 
Counting the days to your freedom...miss you.... 
Will come see you.... 
Brought my old crutches with me so don't have to buy another pair! 
EFTA_R1_01517908 
EFTA02442762

