# EFTA02543879

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** August 26, 2011 9:14 AM To: Jes Staley; Erdoes, Mary E I am more than happy to meet with anyone you think moves this along .. c=tler. jamie.. etc.. As mary said it need to be PROPER. . plea=e consider , there are four major areas of huge opportunity for some=mutually satisfactory arrangement. Gates and his entourage ( facebook, =potify ( parker ). Middle East. Africa, China. THe common thread=is they all want private advice. . The opportunities like the DAf idea , o=iginates with me, i cook it slowly, adding various ingredients almost f=lly cook it. and then want to turn it over to you . As

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, August 26, 2011 9:14 AM 
To: 
Jes Staley; Erdoes, Mary E 
I am more than happy to meet with anyone you think moves this along .. c=tler. jamie.. etc.. As mary said it need to be 
PROPER. . plea=e consider , there are four major areas of huge opportunity for some=mutually satisfactory 
arrangement. Gates and his entourage ( facebook, =potify ( parker ). Middle East. Africa, China. THe common 
thread=is they all want private advice. . The opportunities like the DAf idea , o=iginates with me, i cook it slowly, adding 
various ingredients almost f=lly cook it. and then want to turn it over to you . As I said to =ary , if Tom Pritsker 
established an investment bank and I did most things=with tom, could that be a beginning of a solution. ? 
T=e information contained in this communication is confidential, may be a=torney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is int=nded only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received t=is communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or=by e-mail to 
je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
--20cf3071cee4d5e34e04ab64f6b6-- conversation-id 197531 date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1314350033 flags 
8590195713 remote-id 176236 
1 
EFTA_R1_01696040 
EFTA02543879

