# EFTA00013635 -- BILL & HILLARY CLINTON

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** TITLE
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> onaire Ron Burkle, Virgin head Richard Branson, and Steve Bing, the down-to-earth Democratic donor who inherited nearly a billion dollars from his real-estate-magnate grandfather, the developer of some of the most beautiful Art Deco buildings on Park Avenue and the West Village. Advance men for President Clinton. Few other guys can get in, except for a couple of model wranglers, those handsome, usually South American guys who round up models at their apartments and herd them to nightclubs. Promoter Danny A., a friend of Ron Burkle's, runs this place—he even got to go on a trip to Israel with President

### Match 2
> nt Clinton. Few other guys can get in, except for a couple of model wranglers, those handsome, usually South American guys who round up models at their apartments and herd them to nightclubs. Promoter Danny A., a friend of Ron Burkle's, runs this place—he even got to go on a trip to Israel with President Clinton. The wranglers are the only people in here not having fun: One hand on a mojito, they are nervous as they text madly on the phone to more girls, more girls, more girls. For the rest of the city, the door is closed. A few handsome bankers wait on the sidewalk outside the club for a half-hour, sc

### Match 3
> own mythology. But this can lead to problems when their power is questioned, as possibly happened to this year's chattering-class billionaire, Ron Burkle, the mysterious 53-year-old who made his fortune in the very non-mysterious business of investing in supermarkets. Burkle—who also works with President Clinton—is a fixture at the Mercer Hotel, where he prefers to have breakfast and meetings when he's in town, instead of in his office at Clinton's headquarters in Harlem. He has a pied-a-terre under renovation in New York—which he splits with Leonardo DiCaprio—but is looking for something nicer. He off

### Match 4
> zone of privacy, Burkle has put together a fearsome, cloak-and-daggerish security apparatus, including crisis manager Mike Sitrick (who was brought in to quiet things down when hedge-fund manager Bruce McMahan was accused of conducting an affair with his own daughter) and Frank Renzi (who was in President Clinton's Secret Service detail). His wife—who petitioned for alimony of $410,000 per month but eventually received $40,000—provided a sobering view of the end of billionaire romance: "My husband is enormously wealthy, a billionaire, has his own 757 jet, and literally could track me down EFTA00013638
