# EFTA02574204

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, foundation, meeting

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Risa Stac|
|To|Boris Nikolic; Lila Ibrahim; Larry Cohen|
|Sent|Friday, September 7, 2012 6:54 AM|
|Subject|Re: Life Science companies / Gates|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Boris Nikolic Sent: Tuesday, August 27, 2013 6:34 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com) Subject: FW: Life Science companies / Gates Below is an email (middle one) in which I requested that we included Founda=ion Medicine - which was not included in the list of company KPBC wanted t= present to Bill, After I suggested that FM gets included KPBC agreed (email just below). Even after that it took me several emails more as Foun

**[WORD]:** reed (email just below). Even after that it took me several emails more as Foundation Medicine got o=itted. Will send you those. Boris Original Messa e From: Risa Stac Sent: Friday, September 7, 2012 6:54 AM To: Boris Nikolic; Lila Ibrahim; Larry Cohen Subject: Re: Life Science companies / Gates Boris- The CEO of Trius Jeff Stein would very much like to connect with you tadn i= optimistic that we can work together to resolve issues so we can move for=ard with a relationship. Foundation Medicine is a great idea; the CEO Mike Pellini will be there! I =ill get you a full list of active lif

**[WORD]:** next week. Risa Risa Stack, Ph.D. Partner Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers 2750 Sand Hill Road Assistant Barbara Bell From: Boris Nikolic 1 EFTA_R1_01744732 EFTA02574204 Date: Friday, September 7, 2012 6:40 AM To: Lila Ibrahim Cohen Cc: Risa Stack Subject: RE: Lie Science companies Gates Thank you Lila! Larry How about Foundation Medicine? Trius might be interesting as there are few issues that Foundation is tryin= to resolve. Thank you Boris From: Lila Ibrahim [mailto Sent: Friday, September 07, 2012 6:37 AM To: Boris Nikolic; Larry Cohen Cc: Risa Stack Subject: Life Sc

**[WORD]:** Larry How about Foundation Medicine? Trius might be interesting as there are few issues that Foundation is tryin= to resolve. Thank you Boris From: Lila Ibrahim [mailto Sent: Friday, September 07, 2012 6:37 AM To: Boris Nikolic; Larry Cohen Cc: Risa Stack Subject: Life Science companies / Gates Larry & Boris, I'm following-up on my conversation with Larry about potential life science=companies to meet next Friday. We can meet with Trius for an update. You helped put them on a good path af=er our last meeting, but they've hit a few roadblocks. We think it's worth=a follow-up. The othe

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Boris Nikolic 
Sent: 
Tuesday, August 27, 2013 6:34 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com) 
Subject: 
FW: Life Science companies / Gates 
Below is an email (middle one) in which I requested that we included Founda=ion Medicine - which was not included in 
the list of company KPBC wanted t= present to Bill, 
After I suggested that FM gets included KPBC agreed (email just below). 
Even after that it took me several emails more as Foundation Medicine got o=itted. Will send you those. 
Boris 
 
Original Messa e 
From: Risa Stac 
Sent: Friday, September 7, 2012 6:54 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic; Lila Ibrahim; Larry Cohen 
Subject: Re: Life Science companies / Gates 
Boris-
The CEO of Trius Jeff Stein would very much like to connect with you tadn i= optimistic that we can work together to 
resolve issues so we can move for=ard with a relationship. 
Foundation Medicine is a great idea; the CEO Mike Pellini will be there! I =ill get you a full list of active life sciences 
companies in a few hours a=d more information on Foundation Medicine. 
Looking forward to seeing you next week. 
Risa 
Risa Stack, Ph.D. 
Partner 
Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers 
2750 Sand Hill Road 
Assistant 
Barbara Bell 
From: Boris Nikolic 
1 
EFTA_R1_01744732 
EFTA02574204

Date: Friday, September 7, 2012 6:40 AM 
To: Lila Ibrahim 
Cohen 
Cc: Risa Stack 
Subject: RE: Lie Science companies Gates 
Thank you Lila! 
Larry 
How about Foundation Medicine? 
Trius might be interesting as there are few issues that Foundation is tryin= to resolve. 
Thank you 
Boris 
From: Lila Ibrahim [mailto 
Sent: Friday, September 07, 2012 6:37 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic; Larry Cohen 
Cc: Risa Stack 
Subject: Life Science companies / Gates 
Larry & Boris, 
I'm following-up on my conversation with Larry about potential life science=companies to meet next Friday. 
We can meet with Trius for an update. You helped put them on a good path af=er our last meeting, but they've hit a few 
roadblocks. We think it's worth=a follow-up. 
The other companies suggested - Calixa, Novadyne, Alphavax - are more matur= and/or we've exited. In other words, we 
aren't actively engaged in these =ompanies. 
I've copied Risa Stack, one of our Life Science partners who you met in May=with Trius. She's pulling together a list of 
current companies to see if t=ere is 1-2 others you might be interested in. Boris -we previously passed =n meeting 3V 
BioSciences. We met with PacBio the day of their IPO in 2010.=We don't have many other therapeutic related 
investments. 
Thanks for your guidance. 
-lila 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<pl ist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-id</key> 
<integer>264597</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
<integer>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1377628469</integer> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01744733 
EFTA02574205

<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>336162</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01744734 
EFTA02574206

