# EFTA00021713 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE, WORD
**Mentions:** 19

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM <
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM < Cc: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Fri, 08 Jan 2021 18:15:18 +0000 Good afternoon Bobbi: As you noted Ms. Maxwell has continuously been produced in advance of 12:30 PM. In addition, I would like to note that while Ms. Maxwell was produced after the scheduled time (twice), the additional time was provided to com

### Match 2
> From: To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM < Cc: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Fri, 08 Jan 2021 18:15:18 +0000 Good afternoon Bobbi: As you noted Ms. Maxwell has continuously been produced in advance of 12:30 PM. In addition, I would like to note that while Ms. Maxwell was produced after the scheduled time (twice), the additional time was provide

### Match 3
> From: To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM < Cc: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Fri, 08 Jan 2021 18:15:18 +0000 Good afternoon Bobbi: As you noted Ms. Maxwell has continuously been produced in advance of 12:30 PM. In addition, I would like to note that while Ms. Maxwell was produced after the scheduled time (twice), the additional time was provided to compensate for the delay. Please understand that while we are working to ensure all inmates are prod

### Match 4
> From: To: BOBBI C STERNHEIM < Cc: Subject: Re: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Fri, 08 Jan 2021 18:15:18 +0000 Good afternoon Bobbi: As you noted Ms. Maxwell has continuously been produced in advance of 12:30 PM. In addition, I would like to note that while Ms. Maxwell was produced after the scheduled time (twice), the additional time was provided to compensate for the delay. Please understand that while we are working to ensure all inmates are produced for their court and legal calls, there are institutional emergencies that require additional assistance, c

### Match 5
> he delay. Please understand that while we are working to ensure all inmates are produced for their court and legal calls, there are institutional emergencies that require additional assistance, causing staff to slightly deviate from time frames. Should you request a copy of the incident report, Ms. Maxwell may provide you with it, however I cannot. I can further assure you that the daily searches are consistent with BOP Program Statement § 552.06, Searches of Housing Units, Inmates, and Inmate Work Areas. It is my understanding that gloves and masks were recently brought to the unit. Any further

### Match 6
> my understanding that gloves and masks were recently brought to the unit. Any further concerns you have indicated will be reviewed and addressed accordingly if need be. Thank you for your time and patience in this matter, >>> BOBBI C STERNHEIM IMMIS 1/7/2021 9:50 PM >» For the past two days, Ms. Maxwell has not been on time for the daily 12:30 VTCs. Yesterday, she arrived at 12:59; today she arrived at 12:47. Until esterda , Ms. Maxwell appeared in advance of 12:30. We appreciate 's assistance in facilitating Ms. Maxwell's appearance, but no explanation has been provided for these delays.. E

### Match 7
> ddressed accordingly if need be. Thank you for your time and patience in this matter, >>> BOBBI C STERNHEIM IMMIS 1/7/2021 9:50 PM >» For the past two days, Ms. Maxwell has not been on time for the daily 12:30 VTCs. Yesterday, she arrived at 12:59; today she arrived at 12:47. Until esterda , Ms. Maxwell appeared in advance of 12:30. We appreciate 's assistance in facilitating Ms. Maxwell's appearance, but no explanation has been provided for these delays.. Each delay limits the time Ms. Maxwell can confer with counsel. We hope this will not be repeated and is not retribution for complaints ma

### Match 8
> >>> BOBBI C STERNHEIM IMMIS 1/7/2021 9:50 PM >» For the past two days, Ms. Maxwell has not been on time for the daily 12:30 VTCs. Yesterday, she arrived at 12:59; today she arrived at 12:47. Until esterda , Ms. Maxwell appeared in advance of 12:30. We appreciate 's assistance in facilitating Ms. Maxwell's appearance, but no explanation has been provided for these delays.. Each delay limits the time Ms. Maxwell can confer with counsel. We hope this will not be repeated and is not retribution for complaints made by counsel. We learned today that the complaint report issued to Ms. Maxwell earli

### Match 9
> the daily 12:30 VTCs. Yesterday, she arrived at 12:59; today she arrived at 12:47. Until esterda , Ms. Maxwell appeared in advance of 12:30. We appreciate 's assistance in facilitating Ms. Maxwell's appearance, but no explanation has been provided for these delays.. Each delay limits the time Ms. Maxwell can confer with counsel. We hope this will not be repeated and is not retribution for complaints made by counsel. We learned today that the complaint report issued to Ms. Maxwell earlier this week has now been revised. I renew my request for the original report and request a copy of the updat

### Match 10
> tating Ms. Maxwell's appearance, but no explanation has been provided for these delays.. Each delay limits the time Ms. Maxwell can confer with counsel. We hope this will not be repeated and is not retribution for complaints made by counsel. We learned today that the complaint report issued to Ms. Maxwell earlier this week has now been revised. I renew my request for the original report and request a copy of the updated report. This morning at 6:40 am, the team leader ordered Ms. Maxwell to clean a toilet, providing a few paper towels, but no gloves, sending a clear message that Ms. Maxwell sh
