# EFTA00010211 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** RE: New drive for Maxwell

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> ry much. " cas 12/4/2020 9:39 Original Messa e From: Sent: Frida , December 4, 2020 7:41 AM To: Cc: • • EFTA00010211 Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell Not a problem. Best, >>> PM >» Hi all, " < IIMIE> 12/3/2020 5:24 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the MDC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? Would you please mail the broken drive back to our off

### Match 2
> From To• Ir> Cc: Subject: RE: New drive for Maxwell Date: Fri, 04 Dec 2020 19:04:28 +0000 Attachments: Ltr to_Hon_Nathan_12.04.20.pdf Attached please find the letter to Hon. Nathan. Best, Staff Attorney Department of Justice Federal Bureau of Prisons Metro litan Detention Center Brooklyn Brook) n, New York 11232 SENSITIVE/PRIVILEGED COMMUN

### Match 3
> ited. If you received this message in error, please notify us immediately to make arrangements for its return to us. >» AM >» Thank you very much. " cas 12/4/2020 9:39 Original Messa e From: Sent: Frida , December 4, 2020 7:41 AM To: Cc: • • EFTA00010211 Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell Not a problem. Best, >>> PM >» Hi all, " < IIMIE> 12/3/2020 5:24 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the MDC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the accompanying cover

### Match 4
> o: Cc: • • EFTA00010211 Subject: Re: New drive for Maxwell Not a problem. Best, >>> PM >» Hi all, " < IIMIE> 12/3/2020 5:24 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the MDC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be mailed to the below address: Paralegal Specialist U.S. Attorney's Office, SDNY N

### Match 5
> IMIE> 12/3/2020 5:24 Today our office is sending via FedEx a replacement drive for Ghislaine Maxwell, which should arrive at the MDC tomorrow. This drive will replace the drive that Maxwell recently dropped and broke, and the accompanying cover letters are attached. Would you please make sure Maxwell is given access to this drive? Would you please mail the broken drive back to our office? It can be mailed to the below address: Paralegal Specialist U.S. Attorney's Office, SDNY New York, NY 10007 Thanks very much, as always, for your help. Best, Assistant United States Attorney Southern
