# EFTA02249101

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] From: Lesley Groff Sent Mon 6/18/2018 6:14:35 PM Subject Re: Andrew Farkas You arc confirmed to call Andrew in his office on Wed. June 27th at 2pm EST (8pm Paris time) On Jun 18, 2018, at 11:28 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@smail.com> wrote: it can wait On Mon, Jun 18, 2018 at 11:28 AM, Lesley Groff wrote: I am being asked by Andrew's assistant if the call you w

**[WORD]:** To: Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] From: Lesley Groff Sent Mon 6/18/2018 6:14:35 PM Subject Re: Andrew Farkas You arc confirmed to call Andrew in his office on Wed. June 27th at 2pm EST (8pm Paris time) On Jun 18, 2018, at 11:28 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@smail.com> wrote: it can wait On Mon, Jun 18, 2018 at 11:28 AM, Lesley Groff wrote: I am being asked by Andrew's assistant if the call you would like to set is urgent as he is trav

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Mon 6/18/2018 6:14:35 PM 
Subject Re: Andrew Farkas 
You arc confirmed to call Andrew in his office on Wed. June 27th at 2pm EST (8pm Paris time) 
On Jun 18, 2018, at 11:28 AM, jeffrey E. leevacation@smail.com> wrote: 
it can wait 
On Mon, Jun 18, 2018 at 11:28 AM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
I am being asked by Andrew's assistant if the call you would like to set is urgent 
as he is traveling all this week and out of pocket or if it could wait for the week of 
June 25th. Please advise. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationOgmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01030545 
EFTA02249101

