# EFTA02567858

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Glenn Dubin Sent: Wednesday, March 20, 2013 4:10 PM To: Eva Dubin Cc: Jeffrey Subject: Re: RE: Oy vey. On Mar 20, 2013, at 8:45 AM, "Eva Dubin' wrote: too expensive!! Please continue to look I like hotel service mostly be=ause of the cleaning services Date: Wed, 20 Mar 2013 06:57:24 -0400 Subjec

**[FULL]:** From: Glenn Dubin Sent: Wednesday, March 20, 2013 4:10 PM To: Eva Dubin Cc: Jeffrey Subject: Re: RE: Oy vey. On Mar 20, 2013, at 8:45 AM, "Eva Dubin' wrote: too expensive!! Please continue to look I like hotel service mostly be=ause of the cleaning services Date: Wed, 20 Mar 2013 06:57:24 -0400 Subject: From: jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c

**[FULL]:** From: Glenn Dubin Sent: Wednesday, March 20, 2013 4:10 PM To: Eva Dubin Cc: Jeffrey Subject: Re: RE: Oy vey. On Mar 20, 2013, at 8:45 AM, "Eva Dubin' wrote: too expensive!! Please continue to look I like hotel service mostly be=ause of the cleaning services Date: Wed, 20 Mar 2013 06:57:24 -0400 Subject: From: jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> To this is rosovskys buildign. no hotel service .however you could make thi=

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Glenn Dubin 
Sent: 
Wednesday, March 20, 2013 4:10 PM 
To: 
Eva Dubin 
Cc: 
Jeffrey 
Subject: 
Re: RE: 
Oy vey. 
On Mar 20, 2013, at 8:45 AM, "Eva Dubin' 
wrote: 
too expensive!! Please continue to look 
I like hotel service mostly be=ause of the cleaning services 
Date: Wed, 20 Mar 2013 06:57:24 -0400 
Subject: 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
To 
this is rosovskys buildign. no hotel service .however you could make thi= one really pretty, actulallly invite people 
there for dinners. , and not =ill like schelppers. , and it has outdoor space? If not, don't worry, a=so do not 
becconcerned about resale , thre is always the next class of p=rents. looking, 
http://www.highrises.com/city/boston/listing/71487230-130-=ount-auburn-street-412-cambridge-ma-02138-
condominium/ 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com<mailto:jeevacation@gmai=.com>, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) above. It m=y contain confidential information. If you 
are not the intended recipient =ou are hereby notified that any dissemination, distribution or copying of =his e-mail and 
any attachment(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have recei=ed this e-mail in error, please immediately notify the sender by 
replying =o this e-mail and delete the message and any attachment(s) from your syste=. Thank you. 
<?xml version=.0" encoding=TF-8"?> 
<!DOCTYPE plist PUBLIC "-//Apple//DTD PLIST 1.0//EN" "http://www.apple.com/DTDs/PropertyList-1.O.dtd"> 
<plist version=.0"> 
<dict> 
<key>conversation-idgkey> 
<integer>249338</integer> 
<key>date-last-viewed</key> 
EFTA_R1_01734529 
EFTA02567858

<I nteger>0</integer> 
<key>date-received</key> 
<integer>1363795790</integer> 
<key>flags</key> 
<integer>8590195713</integer> 
<key>gmail-label-ids</key> 
<array> 
<integer>6</integer> 
<integer>2</integer> 
</array> 
<key>remote-id</key> 
<string>284008</string> 
</dict> 
</plist> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01734530 
EFTA02567859

