# EFTA02320406

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|"Bella Klein" =|
|To|"|
|Sent||
|Subject|RE: =Phone|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Sent: Monday, January 3, 2011 5:35 PM To: Eva Andersson Subject: Fwd: iPhone Attachments: 5-14-2010 bill.pdt Untitled attachment 00004.htm Begin forwarded message: From: "Bella Klein" = Date: January 3, 2011 11:12:34 AM EST To: " =idly> Subject: RE: =Phone This is the last bill that I have. Can't login =nymore, the secret code is being sent t

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
Monday, January 3, 2011 5:35 PM 
To: 
Eva Andersson 
Subject: 
Fwd: iPhone 
Attachments: 
5-14-2010 bill.pdt Untitled attachment 00004.htm 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "Bella Klein" = 
Date: January 3, 2011 11:12:34 AM EST 
To: " 
=idly> 
Subject: RE: =Phone 
This is the last bill that I have. Can't login =nymore, the secret code is being sent to 
hone. We pay for 
=he phone on JE Visa card and have a new exp. Date. I can't change it =ecause of the login password. If somebody can 
help me to get the =assword I will renew the info. 
Thank =ou! 
Bella 
AT&T 
On Dec 31, 2010, at 2:01 PM, "Bella Klein" =lt 
> =rote: 
Will investigate and =et you know, is it AT&T or tmobile? 
Sent from my =Phone 
On Dec 31, 2010, at 1:54 PM, 
rote: 
Hey Bella..do you know anything about this? I can't remember =hat the situation was. I think we 
put the iphone in Eva's name, but =asn't sure we were still paying the bill or not? 
Begin forwarded =essage: 
From: "Feierstein, Kimberly" = 
EFTA_R1_01229642 
EFTA02320406

Date: December 31, 2010 12:52:53 =M EST 
To:' 
Subject: iPhone 
<=div> 
Hi there, 
Phone was =rom Jeffrey, but she hasn't used it in a while. They went to 
=urn it on, but it says theere is no SIM card. I suspect this is =ecause maybe you guys had cancelled the service, which 
would be fine, =ut just wanted to check with you. Thanks and happy new =ear. 
Kim 
This e-mail message is intended only for the named recipient(s) =bove. It may 
contain confidential information. If you are not the =ntended recipient you are hereby notified that any dissemination, 
=istribution or copying of this e-mail and any attachment(s) is strictly =rohibited. If you have received this e-mail in error, 
please =mmediately notify the sender by replying to this e-mail and delete the =essage and any attachment(s) from your 
system. Thank =ou. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01229643 
EFTA02320407

