# EFTA02460024

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj|
|To|Glenn Dubin|
|Sent|Monday, June 13, 2016 9:44 AM|
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** From: Glenn Dubin < > Sent: Monday, June 13, 2016 1:47 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: uuugghh Glenn Dubin Dubin & Company 767 Fifth Avenue — 45th Floor I New York, NY 10153 T E From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj Sent: Monday, June 13, 2016 9:44 AM To: Glenn Dubin Subject: fyi. renaldo.

**[FULL]:** From: Glenn Dubin < > Sent: Monday, June 13, 2016 1:47 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: uuugghh Glenn Dubin Dubin & Company 767 Fifth Avenue — 45th Floor I New York, NY 10153 T E From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj Sent: Monday, June 13, 2016 9:44 AM To: Glenn Dubin Subject: fyi. renaldo. gave a depo and said i brought young girls on multiple occassions to north salem. nonsense but

**[FULL]:** From: Glenn Dubin < > Sent: Monday, June 13, 2016 1:47 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: uuugghh Glenn Dubin Dubin & Company 767 Fifth Avenue — 45th Floor I New York, NY 10153 T E From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj Sent: Monday, June 13, 2016 9:44 AM To: Glenn Dubin Subject: fyi. renaldo. gave a depo and said i brought young girls on multiple occassions to north salem. nonsense but i thought you shoudl know please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, a

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Glenn Dubin <
> 
Sent: 
Monday, June 13, 2016 1:47 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
RE: 
uuugghh 
Glenn Dubin 
Dubin & Company 
767 Fifth Avenue — 45th Floor I New York, NY 10153 
T 
E 
From: Jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Monday, June 13, 2016 9:44 AM 
To: Glenn Dubin 
Subject: 
fyi. renaldo. gave a depo and said i brought young girls on multiple occassions to north salem. 
nonsense but i 
thought you shoudl know 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01565401 
EFTA02460024

