# EFTA02244781

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Eva Dubin|
|Sent|Monday, April 2, 2018 7:18 AM|
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[FULL]:** To: From: Iva i. P in Sent: Mon 4/2/2018 3:12:00 PM Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Thank you!!! Please note, my email address has changed to: From Sent: Monday, April 2, 201811:11 AM To: Eva Dubin; Allison Yorke Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Gift cards have been delivered Vered and are with the doorman. Sent from my iPhone On Apr 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: I am here until 1 pm...hand deliver or leave with doorman ! Both very safe:) Please note, my email address has changed

**[FULL]:** Re: Jeffrey Epstein Thank you!!! Please note, my email address has changed to: From Sent: Monday, April 2, 201811:11 AM To: Eva Dubin; Allison Yorke Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Gift cards have been delivered Vered and are with the doorman. Sent from my iPhone On Apr 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: I am here until 1 pm...hand deliver or leave with doorman ! Both very safe:) Please note, my email address has changed to From Sent: Monday, April 2, 2018 7:18 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Good morning Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a gift delivered to Maya. I understan

**[FULL]:** cards have been delivered Vered and are with the doorman. Sent from my iPhone On Apr 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin wrote: I am here until 1 pm...hand deliver or leave with doorman ! Both very safe:) Please note, my email address has changed to From Sent: Monday, April 2, 2018 7:18 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Good morning Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a gift delivered to Maya. I understand you are home from vacation. May we bring to the apartment today? Please advise if We should hand deliver at a specific time or ok to leave with the doorman. (The gift is valuable gift c

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Iva 
i.
P 
in 
Sent: 
Mon 4/2/2018 3:12:00 PM 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Thank you!!! 
Please note, my email address has changed to: 
From 
Sent: Monday, April 2, 201811:11 AM 
To: Eva Dubin; Allison Yorke 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Gift cards have been delivered Vered and are with the doorman. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin 
wrote: 
I am here until 1 pm...hand deliver or leave with doorman ! Both very safe:) 
Please note, my email address has changed to 
From 
Sent: Monday, April 2, 2018 7:18 AM 
To: Eva Dubin 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Good morning Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a gift delivered to Maya. I understand you are 
home from vacation. May we bring to the apartment today? Please advise if We should 
hand deliver at a specific time or ok to leave with the doorman. (The gift is valuable gift 
cards!). Thank you 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_01019617 
EFTA02244781

