# EFTA02285046

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent||
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** To: From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thur 5/2/2019 9:40:37 PM Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein Please call me at Sent with BlackBerry Work (www.blackberry.com) From: Date: Friday, Apr 05. 2019 5.27 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would

**[WORD]:** To: From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thur 5/2/2019 9:40:37 PM Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein Please call me at Sent with BlackBerry Work (www.blackberry.com) From: Date: Friday, Apr 05. 2019 5.27 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! Hope all is well. Sent from my iPhone This message, and any attachments heret

**[WORD]:** To: From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Thur 5/2/2019 9:40:37 PM Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein Please call me at Sent with BlackBerry Work (www.blackberry.com) From: Date: Friday, Apr 05. 2019 5.27 PM To: Farkas, Andrew L. Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! Hope all is well. Sent from my iPhone This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: 
Thur 5/2/2019 9:40:37 PM 
Subject: RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Please call me at 
Sent with BlackBerry Work 
(www.blackberry.com) 
From: 
Date: Friday, Apr 05. 2019 5.27 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello Andrew. Jeffrey has time for a call between 2-5pm tomorrow. Would you like to set a time for a call? Or just 
try him at some point at your convenience during that time? Let me know! 
Hope all is well. 
Sent from my iPhone 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the use 
of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may contain information 
that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure 
agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from disclosure (either by contract or under 
applicable law). If you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, 
retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any 
information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy the message 
(including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be considered a legally binding agreement, 
amendment or modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its 
affiliates, each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital 
Group LLC or such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01109387 
EFTA02285046

