# EFTA02489691

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: 

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|jeffrey E.|
|To|Nathan Myhrvold|
|Sent|Sunday, September 6, 2015=22:04|
|Subject|Re:</=iv>|

---

**[ORG]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, September 7, 2015 2:18 AM To: Nathan Myhrvold Subject: Re: clinton global On Sun, Sep 6, 2015 at 10:12 PM, = = Cgi???? = = = = Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartph=ne on the Verizon Wireless 4G LTE netwo=k. = = From: jeffrey E. Sent: Sunday, September 6, 2015=22:04 To: Nathan Myhrvold Subject: Re:</=iv> ill be in paris. when next? =A0 wil you be in during cgi

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, September 7, 2015 2:18 AM 
To: 
Nathan Myhrvold 
Subject: 
Re: 
clinton global 
On Sun, Sep 6, 2015 at 10:12 PM, 
= = 
Cgi???? 
= 
= 
= = Sent from my BlackBerry 10 smartph=ne on the Verizon Wireless 4G LTE netwo=k. 
= 
= 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: Sunday, September 6, 2015=22:04 
To: Nathan Myhrvold 
Subject: Re:</=iv> 
ill be in paris. 
when next? =A0 wil you be in during cgi? last week in sept? yo= should 
On Sun, Sep 6, 2015 at 9:18 PM, 
I am briefly in the city on tuesday... 
= 
= 
= 
= 
= 
Sent from my BlackBerry 10 s=artphone on the Verizon Wireless 4G LTE =A0network. 
= 
= 
From: jeffrey E. 
Sent: Sunday, September=6, 2015 19:45 
To: Nathan Myhrvold 
Subject: <=b> 
when are you next in ny? 
please no=e 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidenti=l, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
w=ote: 
EFTA_R1_01610343 
EFTA02489691

constitute inside information= and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property =f 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communicati=n or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If yo= have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediatel= by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.c=m> , and 
destroy this commun=cation and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -al= rights reserved 
=C2 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only =or the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthoriz=d use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this 
return e-mail o= by e-mail to j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this 
communication and all copies =hereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <hiv> 
please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -=11 rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01610344 
EFTA02489692

