# EFTA00036986 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** Melissa Gormly
- **To:** Melissa Gormly
- **Sent:** Monday, December 6, 2021 8:40 PM
- **Subject:** RE: [EXTERNAL] RE: Fedex

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> m an unknown or suspicious origin. Hi Thank for your help with this inquiry. We're not sure whether this would have been the same account number during the time period we're looking at, but the account number we have is . More broadly, we are searching for any accounts or data associated with Ghislaine Maxwell or Jeffrey Epstein. Thank you, From: Sent: Friday, July 30, 2021 9:40 AM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Fedex Importance: High Do you have a FedEx Express account number? I am going to reach out to IT and see what they can find or have. Thank you, Senior Paralegal <image001.jpg> Federal Express C

### Match 2
> RNAL] RE: Fedex Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an unknown or suspicious origin. Hi We'd like someone to sign an affidavit for now, but we'd also like to identify someone who could testify at trial if need be. The trial is for Ghislaine Maxwell, scheduled to start in New York in November. I've attached a proposed declaration, though if FedEx has its own standard format, that will likely work too. Thanks, From: Sent: Tuesday, July 6, 2021 10:49 AM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Fedex Good morning, I have reviewed the records and they seem t

### Match 3
> m an unknown or suspicious origin. Hi Thank for your help with this inquiry. We're not sure whether this would have been the same account number during the time period we're looking at, but the account number we have is . More broadly, we are searching for any accounts or data associated with Ghislaine Maxwell or Jeffrey Epstein. Thank you, From: Sent: Friday, July 30, 2021 9:40 AM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Fedex Importance: High Do you have a FedEx Express account number? I am going to reach out to IT and see what they can find or have. Thank you, Senior Paralegal <image001.jpg> Federal E

### Match 4
> RNAL] RE: Fedex Caution! This email originated outside of FedEx. Please do not open attachments or click links from an unknown or suspicious origin. Hi We'd like someone to sign an affidavit for now, but we'd also like to identify someone who could testify at trial if need be. The trial is for Ghislaine Maxwell, scheduled to start in New York in November. I've attached a proposed declaration, though if FedEx has its own standard format, that will likely work too. Thanks, From: Sent: Tuesday, July 6, 2021 10:49 AM To: Cc: Subject: RE: Fedex Good morning, I have reviewed the records and the
