# EFTA02400390

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Albert, Ashley [mailto:|
|To||
|Sent|Monday, August 06, 2012 12:53 PM|
|Subject|Sept. 24 event to launch new Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, =SAID, UNCDF and Visa initiative|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Lesley Groff Sent: Wednesday, August 29, 2012 4:46 PM To: Epstein Jeffrey Subject: Fwd: Sept. 24 event to launch new Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, USAID, UNCDF and Visa initiative jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com> From: Albert, Ashley [mailto: Sent: Monday, August 06, 2012 12:53 PM To: Subject: Sept. 24 event to launch new Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, =SAID, UNCDF and Visa initiative =br> The =nformat

**[WORD]:** 4:46 PM To: Epstein Jeffrey Subject: Fwd: Sept. 24 event to launch new Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, USAID, UNCDF and Visa initiative jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com> From: Albert, Ashley [mailto: Sent: Monday, August 06, 2012 12:53 PM To: Subject: Sept. 24 event to launch new Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, =SAID, UNCDF and Visa initiative =br> The =nformation contained in this communication is confidential, may be =ttorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is =ntended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein =br>Unautho

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Wednesday, August 29, 2012 4:46 PM 
To: 
Epstein Jeffrey 
Subject: 
Fwd: Sept. 24 event to launch new Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, USAID, UNCDF and Visa 
initiative 
jeevacation@gmail.com" <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
From: Albert, Ashley [mailto: 
Sent: Monday, August 06, 2012 12:53 PM 
To: 
Subject: Sept. 24 event to launch new Gates, Citi, Ford, Omidyar, =SAID, UNCDF and Visa initiative 
=br> 
The =nformation contained in this communication is confidential, may be =ttorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is =ntended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein 
=br>Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or =ny part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you =ave received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail =r by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this =ommunication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01435785 
EFTA02400390

