# EFTA02674208

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff|
|To|Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>|
|Sent||
|Subject|Fwd: Dubin Breast Center Fac= vs. Fiction Luncheon & Symposium|

---

**[WORD]:** From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, August 19, 2013 2:06 PM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Fwd: Dubin Breast Center Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon & Symposium Attachments: image001.png Forwarded me=sa e From: Lesley Groff <mailtoa > Date: Mon, Aug 19, 2013 at 7:58 AM Subject: Fwd: Dubin Breast Center Fac= vs. Fiction Luncheon & Symposium To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Please se

**[WORD]:** y Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Monday, August 19, 2013 2:06 PM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Fwd: Dubin Breast Center Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon & Symposium Attachments: image001.png Forwarded me=sa e From: Lesley Groff <mailtoa > Date: Mon, Aug 19, 2013 at 7:58 AM Subject: Fwd: Dubin Breast Center Fac= vs. Fiction Luncheon & Symposium To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Please see below and advise an=wers... =/u> All of us at the Dubin Breast Center are gearing up for our September 30th Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon & Symposium. We=92re thrilled and honored by Jeffrey

**[WORD]:** Attachments: image001.png Forwarded me=sa e From: Lesley Groff <mailtoa > Date: Mon, Aug 19, 2013 at 7:58 AM Subject: Fwd: Dubin Breast Center Fac= vs. Fiction Luncheon & Symposium To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Please see below and advise an=wers... =/u> All of us at the Dubin Breast Center are gearing up for our September 30th Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon & Symposium. We=92re thrilled and honored by Jeffrey's support of the event this year—=t's deeply appreciated! <=div> I'm hoping that you can help us coordinate: 1) Listing of his spo=sorship in our print program—how

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Monday, August 19, 2013 2:06 PM 
To: 
Lesley Groff 
Subject: 
Fwd: Dubin Breast Center Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon & Symposium 
Attachments: 
image001.png 
 
Forwarded me=sa e 
From: Lesley Groff 
<mailtoa 
> 
Date: Mon, Aug 19, 2013 at 7:58 AM 
Subject: Fwd: Dubin Breast Center Fac= vs. Fiction Luncheon & Symposium 
To: Jefffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Please see below and advise an=wers... 
=/u> 
All of us at the Dubin Breast Center are gearing up for our September 30th Fact vs. Fiction Luncheon & 
Symposium. We=92re thrilled and honored by Jeffrey's support of the event this year—=t's deeply appreciated! 
<=div> 
I'm hoping that you can help us coordinate: 
1) 
Listing of his spo=sorship in our print program—how should we recognize the gift? In the=past, we've 
either listed him as "Uncle F" or "Enhanced Education =und." Please let us know his preference. 
2) =AO Seating—Eva mentioned to us tha= he would be seating one table with his guests. Is that right? I hav= 
attached a seating reply form. Kindly return it to our office before F=iday, September 13th. 
<=div> 
In the meantime, if you have any questions or need any further information,=please do not hesitate to contact 
me. 
All my best, 
Gretchen 
</=> 
<=span> 
</=> 
<=span> 
<=blockquote> 
EFTA_R1_01954478 
EFTA02674208

</=pan>=retchen L. McGarry, JD 
Director of Development=u> 
The Mount Sinai Develop=ent Office 
The Mount Sinai Medical=Center 
One Gustave L. Levy Pla=e, Box 1049 
New York, NY 10029-6=74 
For Hand Delivery:</=> 
770 Lexington Avenue, 8=h Floor 
New York, NY 10065</=> 
Direct line: </= an> 
Main: </= an 
Fax: 
Email: <=span 
mailto: 
Website: philanthropy.=ountsinai.org <http://philanthropy.mountsinai.org> 
<=div> 
***** • ********* *****•** ***** ***** ***** *****••**•**•** ***** * 
Th= information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be at=orney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01954479 
EFTA02674209

