# EFTA02591429

**LES WEXNER REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: property

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** ey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, September 23, 2014 2:08 PM To: Larry Summers Subject: Re: i know my job, ill do my best.. and be sensiti=e along the way ( try to be _ On Tue, Sep 23, 2014 at 9:49 AM, Larry Summers= <manta wrote: Plenty of people support pbs. What's point of Wexner public leadership stuff. Help deliver templet on. Sent from my iPhone Please direct all scheduling inquiries to my office at Follow me on twit=er On Sep 23, 2014, at 8:52 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtol=evacation@gmail.com» wrote= I am aware that there are people out there th

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, September 23, 2014 2:08 PM 
To: 
Larry Summers 
Subject: 
Re: 
i know my job, ill do my best.. and be sensiti=e along the way ( try to be _ 
On Tue, Sep 23, 2014 at 9:49 AM, Larry Summers= 
<manta 
wrote: 
Plenty of people support pbs. 
What's point of Wexner public leadership stuff. 
Help deliver templet on. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Please direct all scheduling inquiries to my office at 
Follow me on twit=er 
On Sep 23, 2014, at 8:52 AM, "Jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailtol=evacation@gmail.com» wrote= 
I am aware that there are people out there that support st=ing quartets. save the whales. , dance for 
urban s=hools. . I just have never personally met one. that i am=aware of 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmailcom <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
EFTA_R1_01773922 
EFTA02591429

including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to 
jeevaca=ion@gmail.com <mailtoleevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereo=, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01773923 
EFTA02591430

