# EFTA00018247 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** <1
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Notice of Telephonic Date Acknowledgment FILED"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> is first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/09/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(LI Docket Text: NOTICE OF HEARING DATE ACKNOWLEDGMENT, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 04/09/2021 by CM/ECF. Note: Listed counsel must log on to CM/ECF in order to view the attachment. [3074153] [21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Calendar E-Box, calendar@ca2.uscourts.gov Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Calendar E-Box, - The fol

### Match 2
> is first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/09/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(LI Docket Text: NOTICE OF HEARING DATE ACKNOWLEDGMENT, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 04/09/2021 by CM/ECF. Note: Listed counsel must log on to CM/ECF in order to view the attachment. [3074153] [21-58] Notice will be electronically mailed to: Calendar E-Box, calendar@ca2.uscourts.gov Notice will be stored in the notice cart for: Calendar E-Box, -

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> To: <1 Subject: 21-58 United States of America v. Maxwell "Notice of Telephonic Date Acknowledgment FILED" Date: Fri, 09 Apr 2021 14:39:30 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all docu

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 04/09/2021 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 21-58 Document(s): Document(LI Docket Text: NOTICE OF HEARING DATE ACKNOWLEDGMENT, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 04/09/2021 by CM/ECF. Note: Listed counsel must log on to CM/ECF in order to view the attachment. [3074153] [21-58] Notice will be ele
