# EFTA02421123

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Farkas, Andrew L. <Mira|
|To|"Dowling, David"|
|Sent|Tuesday, August 31, 2010 10:35 AM|
|Subject|Meeting|

---

**[WORD]:** 03:45 PM Subject: RE: Meeting Will do. I spoke to your assistant (David) already and I am awaiting Sam's call. Thanks, Lesley From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Tuesday, August 31, 2010 10:35 AM To: Lesley Groff Subject: Fwd: Meeting Forwarded message From: Farkas, Andrew L. <Mira Date: Tue, Aug 31, 2010 at 10:29 AM Subject: Meeting To: "Dowling, David" Cc: "jeevacation@gmail.com" tevacation@gmail.com> "Krugman, Sam" <=1=1Pla Pls organize a time for sam to meet jeffery epstein. He should go to Jeffry's house. I will explain when I speak with sam today. The i

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
fir 
in' v 
i n
mil. m 
•
Cc: 
, 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent: 
Tue 8/31/2010 3:03:45 PM 
Subject: RE: Meeting 
Will do. I spoke to your assistant (David) already and I am awaiting Sam's call. Thanks, Lesley 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Tuesday, August 31, 2010 10:35 AM 
To: Lesley Groff 
Subject: Fwd: Meeting 
 
Forwarded message 
From: Farkas, Andrew L. <Mira 
Date: Tue, Aug 31, 2010 at 10:29 AM 
Subject: Meeting 
To: "Dowling, David" 
Cc: "jeevacation@gmail.com" tevacation@gmail.com> "Krugman, Sam" 
<=1=1Pla 
Pls organize a time for sam to meet jeffery epstein. He should go to Jeffry's house. I will explain 
when I speak with sam today. 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_0 1487265 
EFTA02421123

return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_0 1487266 
EFTA02421124

