# EFTA02417011

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation@gmailcom>|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L|
|Sent|Wed Nov 17 10:13:22 2010|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comijeeyacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Wed 11/17/2010 3:15:44 PM Subject: Re: How fun. I spoke to sultan for first time in a long while. He seemed well but still in denial. From: Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L Sent: Wed Nov 17 10:13:22 2010 Subject: im back from middle cast. i saw sultan, abd

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacation©gmail.comijeeyacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Wed 11/17/2010 3:15:44 PM Subject: Re: How fun. I spoke to sultan for first time in a long while. He seemed well but still in denial. From: Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation@gmailcom> To: Farkas, Andrew L Sent: Wed Nov 17 10:13:22 2010 Subject: im back from middle cast. i saw sultan, abdulla , mohammed and angeliquc 9 *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacation©gmail.comijeeyacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Wed 11/17/2010 3:15:44 PM 
Subject: Re: 
How fun. I spoke to sultan for first time in a long while. He seemed well but still in denial. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein leeyacation@gmailcom> 
To: Farkas, Andrew L 
Sent: Wed Nov 17 10:13:22 2010 
Subject: 
im back from middle cast. i saw sultan, abdulla , mohammed and angeliquc 
9 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01481693 
EFTA02417011

