# EFTA00023745 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov>
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Exhibits FILED"

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/10/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: EXHIBITS, volume(s) 1 of 7, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/10/2020 by CM/ECF.[2928289] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: T Gee, -: Adam Mueller, -: Laura Menninger, Mikaela N Cardenas, -: Notice will be stored in tile notice cart for: Mikaela N Cardenas, - Quality Control 1 The following document(s) are ass

### Match 2
> during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/10/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: EXHIBITS, volume(s) 1 of 7, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/10/2020 by CM/ECF.[2928289] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: T Gee, -: Adam Mueller, -: Laura Menninger, Mikaela N Cardenas, -: Notice will be stored in tile notice cart for: Mikaela N Cardenas, - Quality Control 1 The following document(s)

### Match 3
> From: "cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov" <cmecf@ca2.uscourts.gov> To: Subject: 20-3061 United States of America v. Maxwell "Exhibits FILED" Date: Thu, 10 Sep 2020 23:29:15 +0000 ***NOTE TO PUBLIC ACCESS USERS*** Judicial Conference of the United States policy permits attorneys of record and parties in a case (including pro se litigants) to receive one free electronic copy of all documents filed electronically, if r

### Match 4
> ected by the filer. PACER access fees apply to all other users. To avoid later charges, download a copy of each document during this first viewing. Court of Appeals, 2nd Circuit Notice of Docket Activity The following transaction was filed on 09/10/2020 Case Name: United States of America v. Maxwell Case Number: 20-3061 Document(s): Documental Docket Text: EXHIBITS, volume(s) 1 of 7, on behalf of Appellant Ghislaine Maxwell, FILED. Service date 09/10/2020 by CM/ECF.[2928289] [20-3061] Notice will be electronically mailed to: T Gee, -: Adam Mueller, -: Laura Menninger, Mikaela N Carde
