# EFTA02594209

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: fund

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[FULL]:** advise of ok for Darren to obtai= wiring instructions for Jeepers to send Thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 tel fax cell Harry,</=> Please note a Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC (t=e "Fund") cash distribution with respect to the interest i= the Fund held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on November 12, 2014 in the be=ow amount. The distribution is effective October 1, 2014. Purs=ant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement dated as of August 1,=2011 between Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the amount will be distributed=to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with its

**[FULL]:** nd I LLC (t=e "Fund") cash distribution with respect to the interest i= the Fund held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on November 12, 2014 in the be=ow amount. The distribution is effective October 1, 2014. Purs=ant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement dated as of August 1,=2011 between Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the amount will be distributed=to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with its wire instructions on file with the=Fund. Glenn Dubin: $222,549.24 wired to=Jeepers Inc., Bank of New York Please c=ntact Nicole Higgins at Thank you, Fortress =RF Advisors I LLC Fortress VRF Investor=R

**[FULL]:** e=ow amount. The distribution is effective October 1, 2014. Purs=ant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement dated as of August 1,=2011 between Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the amount will be distributed=to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with its wire instructions on file with the=Fund. Glenn Dubin: $222,549.24 wired to=Jeepers Inc., Bank of New York Please c=ntact Nicole Higgins at Thank you, Fortress =RF Advisors I LLC Fortress VRF Investor=Relations Fortress Investment Group 1345 Avenue of the Americas with any questions.</=pan> EFTA_R1_01777962 EFTA02594209 New York, NY 101=5 B

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, November 12, 2014 6:17 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: Jeepers from Fortress 
Is the money ours? 
On Wednesday, November 12, 2014, jef=rey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com<=a» wrote: 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Ok 
On =ednesday, November 12, 2014, Richard Kahn < 
<javascript:_e(%7B=7D,Jcvmr, 
);> wrote: 
Jeepers has received 222,549.24 from Fortr=ss 
Per attached backstop agreement that money must be delivered to Dub=n within 5 business days 
Please advise of ok for Darren to obtai= wiring instructions for Jeepers to send 
Thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
tel 
fax 
cell 
Harry,</=> 
Please note a Fortress Value Recovery Fund I LLC (t=e "Fund") cash distribution with respect to the 
interest i= the Fund held by Glenn Dubin will be wired on November 12, 2014 in the be=ow amount. The distribution is 
effective October 1, 2014. Purs=ant to the Assignment of Economic Interest Agreement dated as of August 1,=2011 
between Glenn Dubin and Jeepers, Inc., the amount will be distributed=to Jeepers, Inc. in accordance with its wire 
instructions on file with the=Fund. 
Glenn Dubin: $222,549.24 wired to=Jeepers Inc., Bank of New York 
Please c=ntact Nicole Higgins at 
Thank you, 
Fortress =RF Advisors I LLC 
Fortress VRF Investor=Relations 
Fortress Investment Group 
1345 Avenue of the Americas 
with any questions.</=pan> 
EFTA_R1_01777962 
EFTA02594209

New York, NY 101=5 
Begin forwarded message: 
<=iv style="margin-top:Opx;margin-right:Opx;margin-bottom:Opx;margin-left:=px">=b>From: 
Subject: Message from KMBT_C253 
<=span> 
Date: November 11, 2014 at 4:52:30 PM EST 
To: 
Reply-To: 
<=iv> 
please note 
T=e information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be a=torney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is int=nded only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
communication or any pa=t thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have recei=ed this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
retu=n e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com 
<javascript:_e(%7B%7D,'cvmr,&#=9;jeevacation@gmail.comi);> 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including a=l attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 please note 
The information contained in this communic=tion is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constit=te 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addresse=. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying =f this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and =ay be unlawful. If you have 
2 
EFTA_R1_01777963 
EFTA02594210

received this communication in error, pleas= notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, and<=r>destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all atta=hments. copyright 
-all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01777964 
EFTA02594211

