# EFTA02240822

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, island

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Hagen, Maddie|
|Sent|Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:25 PM|
|Subject|Re: Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[WORD]:** To: Andrew Farkas From: Sent Fri 3/23/2018 6:51:22 PM Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein HI Maddie....just wanted to give the heads up! Jeffrey is aware of the 3:30pm call with Andrew...but I worry a tad as Jeffrey was late to his last meeting...I On Mar 21, 2018, at 3:52 PM, Hagen, Maddie •c > wrote: Thanks

**[WORD]:** To: Andrew Farkas From: Sent Fri 3/23/2018 6:51:22 PM Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein HI Maddie....just wanted to give the heads up! Jeffrey is aware of the 3:30pm call with Andrew...but I worry a tad as Jeffrey was late to his last meeting...I On Mar 21, 2018, at 3:52 PM, Hagen, Maddie •c > wrote: Thanks! Original Message From: Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:51 PM To: Hagen, Maddie Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Super. Received the calendar invite Will respond now

**[WORD]:** ! Original Message From: Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:51 PM To: Hagen, Maddie Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Super. Received the calendar invite Will respond now Sent from my iPhone On Mar 21, 2018, at 3:40 PM, Hagen, Maddie wrote: Sounds great, thanks! I just sent a calendar invite. Andrew will call Jeffrey at that time. From Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:25 PM To: Hagen, Maddie Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Maddie, lets schedule this Friday March 23, 3:30-4pm...Andrew can call Jeffrey at On Mar 21, 2018, at 2:51 PM, Hagen, Maddie < • wrote: Thanks for the speedy email! H

**[WORD]:** e On Mar 21, 2018, at 3:40 PM, Hagen, Maddie wrote: Sounds great, thanks! I just sent a calendar invite. Andrew will call Jeffrey at that time. From Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:25 PM To: Hagen, Maddie Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Maddie, lets schedule this Friday March 23, 3:30-4pm...Andrew can call Jeffrey at On Mar 21, 2018, at 2:51 PM, Hagen, Maddie < • wrote: Thanks for the speedy email! Here arc some times Andrew has available for a call in the upcoming week: EFTA_R1_01012320 EFTA02240822 Fri 3/23, 3:30-4:OOpm Tue 3/27, 2:45-3:15pm Wed 3/28, 2:30-3:30pm Thurs 3/29, 3:30

**[WORD]:** at that time. From Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:25 PM To: Hagen, Maddie Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Maddie, lets schedule this Friday March 23, 3:30-4pm...Andrew can call Jeffrey at On Mar 21, 2018, at 2:51 PM, Hagen, Maddie < • wrote: Thanks for the speedy email! Here arc some times Andrew has available for a call in the upcoming week: EFTA_R1_01012320 EFTA02240822 Fri 3/23, 3:30-4:OOpm Tue 3/27, 2:45-3:15pm Wed 3/28, 2:30-3:30pm Thurs 3/29, 3:30-4:30pm Perhaps something during one of these times will work for Jeffrey? Thanks, ism ---Ori *nal From: Sent: Wednesday, March

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Andrew Farkas 
From: 
Sent 
Fri 3/23/2018 6:51:22 PM 
Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
HI Maddie....just wanted to give the heads up! Jeffrey is aware of the 3:30pm call with 
Andrew...but I worry a tad as Jeffrey was late to his last meeting...I 
On Mar 21, 2018, at 3:52 PM, Hagen, Maddie •c
> wrote: 
Thanks! 
 
Original Message 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:51 PM 
To: Hagen, Maddie 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Super. Received the calendar invite Will respond now 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 21, 2018, at 3:40 PM, Hagen, Maddie 
wrote: 
Sounds great, thanks! I just sent a calendar invite. Andrew will call Jeffrey at that 
time. 
From 
Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 3:25 PM 
To: Hagen, Maddie 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Maddie, lets schedule this Friday March 23, 3:30-4pm...Andrew can call Jeffrey at 
On Mar 21, 2018, at 2:51 PM, Hagen, Maddie 
<
• wrote: 
Thanks for the speedy email! Here arc some times Andrew has available for a 
call in the upcoming week: 
EFTA_R1_01012320 
EFTA02240822

Fri 3/23, 3:30-4:OOpm 
Tue 3/27, 2:45-3:15pm 
Wed 3/28, 2:30-3:30pm 
Thurs 3/29, 3:30-4:30pm 
Perhaps something during one of these times will work for Jeffrey? 
Thanks, 
ism
---Ori *nal 
From: 
Sent: Wednesday, March 21, 2018 2:48 PM 
To: Hagen, Maddie 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello Maddie. Nice chatting with you. I'll speak to Jeffrey about setting up a 
15 min call within the week. 
I'll get back to you soon. 
Sent from my iPhone 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended 
exclusively for the use of the individual or entity to whom 
it is addressed. This communication may contain 
information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, 
subject to a confidentiality and/or non-disclosure 
agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If 
you are not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified 
that printing, retaining, reproducing, copying, disclosing, 
disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in 
error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy 
the message (including any attachments) and any copies 
in their entirety, whether in electronic or hard copy 
format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be 
considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or 
modification of any agreement with Island Capital Group 
EFTA_R1_01012321 
EFTA02240823

LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which requires a fully 
executed agreement to be received by Island Capital 
Group LLC or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively 
for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This 
communication may contain information that is confidential, 
proprietary, privileged, subject to a confidentiality and/or non-
disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected from 
disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not 
the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, 
reproducing, copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message 
or any information contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is 
strictly prohibited. If you have received this message in error, please 
contact the sender immediately and destroy the message (including 
any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether in electronic 
or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be 
considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of 
any agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, 
each of which requires a fully executed agreement to be received by 
Island Capital Group LLC or such affiliate. 
This message, and any attachments hereto, is confidential and intended exclusively for the 
use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed. This communication may 
contain information that is confidential, proprietary, privileged, subject to a 
confidentiality and/or non-disclosure agreement, or otherwise exempt or protected 
from disclosure (either by contract or under applicable law). If you are not the 
intended recipient, you are hereby notified that printing, retaining, reproducing, 
copying, disclosing, disseminating or using this message or any information 
contained herein (including any reliance thereon) is strictly prohibited. If you have 
received this message in error, please contact the sender immediately and destroy 
the message (including any attachments) and any copies in their entirety, whether 
in electronic or hard copy format. Nothing contained in this e-mail shall be 
considered a legally binding agreement, amendment or modification of any 
agreement with Island Capital Group LLC or any of its affiliates, each of which 
requires a fully executed agreement to be received by Island Capital Group LLC or 
such affiliate. 
EFTA_R1_01012322 
EFTA02240824

