# EFTA00015335 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell —

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: (USANYS)" c MIE> To: "Williams, Damian (USANYS) Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell - opens Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 12:15:14 +0000 Thanks so much Damian. On Nov 29, 2021, at 6:48 AM, Williams, Damian (USANYS) wrote: Good luck this morning. You'll be fantastic. Begin forwarded message: Fron Date: November 2:<. 2021 at 9:59: 1 I AM EST To: c: Subject: United States v. Ghi

### Match 2
> ell - opens Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 12:15:14 +0000 Thanks so much Damian. On Nov 29, 2021, at 6:48 AM, Williams, Damian (USANYS) wrote: Good luck this morning. You'll be fantastic. Begin forwarded message: Fron Date: November 2:<. 2021 at 9:59: 1 I AM EST To: c: Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell — opens There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex crimes that took place in 1994. If you want to find them, you'll have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have t

### Match 3
> From: (USANYS)" c MIE> To: "Williams, Damian (USANYS) Subject: Re: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell - opens Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 12:15:14 +0000 Thanks so much Damian. On Nov 29, 2021, at 6:48 AM, Williams, Damian (USANYS) wrote: Good luck this morning. You'll be fantastic. Begin forwarded message: Fron Date: November 2:<. 2021 at 9:59: 1 I AM EST To: c: Subject: United State

### Match 4
> ell - opens Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2021 12:15:14 +0000 Thanks so much Damian. On Nov 29, 2021, at 6:48 AM, Williams, Damian (USANYS) wrote: Good luck this morning. You'll be fantastic. Begin forwarded message: Fron Date: November 2:<. 2021 at 9:59: 1 I AM EST To: c: Subject: United States v. Ghislaine Maxwell — opens There are prosecutors who would be afraid to charge a case that would require them to prove sex crimes that took place in 1994. If you want to find them, you'll have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you jus

### Match 5
> have to go to Florida. This is the Southern District of New York. It is never too late for justice. Sometimes, you just have to have faith in the power of the truth and hope twelve jurors will do the right thing. At this trial, brave women will take the witness stand and the truth will come out: Ghislaine Maxwell sexually exploited underage girls. She caused unspeakable harm to vulnerable kids. It is time to hold her accountable. will open in the morning. Please come support. Details below. Updates to follow. Main courtroom: 40 Foley, courtroom 318 Overflow courtrooms: 110, 506, 905, and 906. T
