# EFTA02470235

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: york

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|qspan>"Richard Kahn a"|
|Sent||
|Subject|New Issu= $25 Par: AmTrust Financial Services (AFSI) Non-Cumulative Perpetual Prefe=red|

---

**[WORD]:** attached was sent from both Morgan =tanley and Wells Fargo please advise thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 fax 646-350-0954 <tel:646-350-0954> Begin forwarded message: <=iv style="margin-top:0px;margin-right:0px;margin-bottom:0px;margin-left:=px">From: "Atla=, Andrew S" <Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com <mailto:Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com» Subject: New Issu= $25 Par: AmTrust Financial Services (AFSI) Non-Cumulative Perpetual Prefe=red Stock; 7.75% - 7.875% Fixed for Life Date: March 8, 2016 at 10:13=33 AM EST To: qspan>"Richard Kahn a" Good Morning Rich,

**[WORD]:** lls Fargo please advise thank you Richard Kahn HBRK Associates Inc. New York, NY 10022 fax 646-350-0954 <tel:646-350-0954> Begin forwarded message: <=iv style="margin-top:0px;margin-right:0px;margin-bottom:0px;margin-left:=px">From: "Atla=, Andrew S" <Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com <mailto:Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com» Subject: New Issu= $25 Par: AmTrust Financial Services (AFSI) Non-Cumulative Perpetual Prefe=red Stock; 7.75% - 7.875% Fixed for Life Date: March 8, 2016 at 10:13=33 AM EST To: qspan>"Richard Kahn a" Good Morning Rich, EFTA_R1_01581122 EFTA02470235 Want to show SIC

**[WORD]:** al expenditures and/or strategic acquisitions =C24> 4>=A0 DRD/QDI Eligible: =C24, Yes, See Red for tax and withholding details Sub=ect to US Tax Withholding for NRA Clients: =C2* 4)=.40 =Yes* =C2* 40=A0 Expected Listing: =C24> NYSE Timing: 4>=A0 =C240 Today'= Business Speak soon, Andrew<=u> Andrew S. Atlas First Vice President Equi=y Sales/Middle Markets Group Financial Advisor Morgan Stanley=Wealth Management 1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 <tel:%2B1%20212%20705%2045=2> =span style="font-size:9.0ptcolor:#595959">NMLS ID U 1326736 Important No

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, March 8, 2016 4:13 PM 
To: 
Richard Kahn 
Subject: 
Re: New Issue $25 Par. AmTrust Financial Services (AFSI) Non-Cumulative Perpetual 
Preferred Stock; 7.75% - 7.875% Fixed for Life 
cash flow? 
On Tue, Mar 8, 2016 at 10:47 AM, Richard Kahn 
wrote: 
attached was sent from both Morgan =tanley and Wells Fargo 
please advise 
thank you 
Richard Kahn 
HBRK Associates Inc. 
New York, NY 10022 
fax 646-350-0954 <tel:646-350-0954> 
Begin forwarded message: 
<=iv style="margin-top:0px;margin-right:0px;margin-bottom:0px;margin-left:=px">From: "Atla=, Andrew 
S" <Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com <mailto:Andrew.Atlas@morganstanley.com» 
Subject: New Issu= $25 Par: AmTrust Financial Services (AFSI) Non-Cumulative Perpetual Prefe=red 
Stock; 7.75% - 7.875% Fixed for Life 
Date: March 8, 2016 at 10:13=33 AM EST 
To: qspan>"Richard Kahn a" 
Good Morning Rich, 
EFTA_R1_01581122 
EFTA02470235

Want to show SIC another new i=sue preferred that Morgan Stanley is pricing today. 
Details: 
$25 Par New Issue Syndi=ate Offering: 
AmTrust Financial Services (AFSI)</=> 
40=A0 
=C240 
Issuer: 
Q=A0 
AmTrust Financial Servi=es (Ticker: AFSI) 
=C24 
Q=A0 
Securities Offered: 
4>=A0 Depositary Shares, Each Representing 1/40th of a Share of _% Non-
=umulative Preferred Stock, Series E. 
=C* 
40=A0 
Size: 
=C240 
$7=mm (3mm $25 par shares) 
=C* 
40=A0 
Expected Ratings: 
=C* Am Best bb+ 
Maturity: 40=A0 
=C* 
Perpetua= 
4,>=A0 
=C240 
Price Talk: 
=C* 
4ii=A0 7.75% - 7.875% 
=C* 
4>=A0 
Offer Price: 
=C* 
4>=A0 $25.00 
=C* 
4)=A0 
Dividends: 
=C* 
Q=A0 Payable when, as and if declared on the 15th of March= June, 
September and December beginning on 6/15/16, Fixed for life =C* 
4,>=A0 
=C* 
40=A0 
Optional Redemption: Callable at par on or after 3/xx/=021 
=C2. 
40=t1/40 
2 
EFTA_R1_01581123 
EFTA02470236

Use of Proceeds: 
=C2* General corporate purposes, which may includ= working capital, capital 
expenditures and/or strategic acquisitions 
=C24> 
4>=A0 
DRD/QDI Eligible: 
=C24, Yes, See Red for tax and withholding details 
Sub=ect to US Tax Withholding for NRA Clients: 
=C2* 
4)=.40 
=Yes* 
=C2* 
40=A0 
Expected Listing: 
=C24> NYSE 
Timing: 
4>=A0 
=C240 
Today'= Business 
Speak soon, 
Andrew<=u> 
Andrew S. Atlas 
First Vice President 
Equi=y Sales/Middle Markets Group 
Financial Advisor 
Morgan Stanley=Wealth Management 
1290 Avenue of the Americas, 12th Floor I New York, NY 10104 
<tel:%2B1%20212%20705%2045=2> 
=span style="font-size:9.0ptcolor:#595959">NMLS ID U 1326736 
Important Notice to Recipients: 
Fax: +1 212 705 4592 
3 
EFTA_R1_01581124 
EFTA02470237

Please do not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any security=or 
commodity. Unfortunately, we cannot execute such instructions provided in=20 e-mail. Thank you. 
The sender of this e-mail is an employee of=20 Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC ("Morgan Stanley"). If 
you =ave received this communication in error, please destroy all electronic and paper copies=and notify the sender 
immediately. Erroneous transmission is not intended to wa=ve confidentiality or privilege. Morgan Stanley reserves the 
right, to t=e extent permitted under applicable law, to monitor electronic communications= This message is subject to 
terms available at the following link: http://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/mssbemail.html..=A0 If you cannot 
access this link, please notify us by reply message and we will send the contents to you. By messaging with Morgan 
Stanley you consent to the=20 foregoing. 
=C2. please note 
The information contained in this communication =s 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute in=ide information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It =s the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thi= 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be=unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please noti=y us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jee=acation@gmail.com> , and 
des=roy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachment=. copyright -all rights reserved 
4 
EFTA_R1_01581125 
EFTA02470238

