# EFTA02512254

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=»|
|To|Jean Luc Brunel|
|Sent||
|Subject|<no subject>|

---

**[FULL]:** From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Friday, January 23, 2015 2:52 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: I should help. if you prefer to talk to darren=C2 do so. On Thu, Jan 22, 2015 at 11:32 PM, Jean Luc Brune wrote: No problem But I cannot work any more From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Thursday, January 22, 2015 at=10:25 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: <

**[FULL]:** 52 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: Re: I should help. if you prefer to talk to darren=C2 do so. On Thu, Jan 22, 2015 at 11:32 PM, Jean Luc Brune wrote: No problem But I cannot work any more From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» Date: Thursday, January 22, 2015 at=10:25 PM To: Jean Luc Brunel Subject: <no subject> sorry please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copyin

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Friday, January 23, 2015 2:52 PM 
To: 
Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: 
Re: 
I should help. if you prefer to talk to darren=C2 do so. 
On Thu, Jan 22, 2015 at 11:32 PM, Jean Luc Brune 
wrote: 
No problem 
But I cannot work any more 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com</=» 
Date: Thursday, January 22, 2015 at=10:25 PM 
To: Jean Luc Brunel 
Subject: <no subject> 
sorry 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01644946 
EFTA02512254

please =ote 
The information contained in this communication is confiden=ial, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside informati=n, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the propert= of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communica=ion or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If =ou have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediat=ly by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com> , and destroy this comm=nication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -.II rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_0 1644947 
EFTA02512255

