# EFTA02436191

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein|
|To|Farkas, Andrew L.|
|Sent|Sat Aug 29 05:24:15 2009|
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** To: jeevacationegmail.comueevacation©gmail.com] From: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent Sat 8/29/2009 12:43:09 PM Subject: Re: I'll definitely call later. I have chapter ii deal team call at 9:30, lunch at grubman's at noon, meeting w/ Icahn re chapter iii at 2:00, tennis at 4:00 (weather permitting), cocktails at Jacobs' at 6:00 and a dinner at 8:00. Crazy day, but the

**[WORD]:** Re: I'll definitely call later. I have chapter ii deal team call at 9:30, lunch at grubman's at noon, meeting w/ Icahn re chapter iii at 2:00, tennis at 4:00 (weather permitting), cocktails at Jacobs' at 6:00 and a dinner at 8:00. Crazy day, but there's time. From: Jeffrey Epstein To: Farkas, Andrew L. Sent: Sat Aug 29 05:24:15 2009 Subject: im home all day today if you want to chat ***********************************************M********* The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intende

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
jeevacationegmail.comueevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent 
Sat 8/29/2009 12:43:09 PM 
Subject: 
Re: 
I'll definitely call later. I have chapter ii deal team call at 9:30, lunch at grubman's at noon, meeting w/ Icahn re 
chapter iii at 2:00, tennis at 4:00 (weather permitting), cocktails at Jacobs' at 6:00 and a dinner at 8:00. Crazy 
day, but there's time. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Sent: Sat Aug 29 05:24:15 2009 
Subject: 
im home all day today if you want to chat 
***********************************************M********* 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01508575 
EFTA02436191

