# EFTA00021893 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** WORD
**Mentions:** 4

## Email Metadata
- **From:** 
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** Tuesday, August 4, 2020 1:48 PM
- **Subject:** RE: new materials for Maxwell upload to Relativity

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: ' To: ' >1" Cc: Subject: RE: new materials for Maxwell upload to Relativity Date: Mon, 10 Aug 2020 19:55:03 +0000 Understood. Thank you. From: Sent: Monday, August 10, 2020 3:48 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: new materials for Maxwell upload to Relativity It has been sent! It should get there tomorrow. From: Sent: Monday, August 10, 2020 3:30 PM T

### Match 2
> From: ' To: ' >1" Cc: Subject: RE: new materials for Maxwell upload to Relativity Date: Mon, 10 Aug 2020 19:55:03 +0000 Understood. Thank you. From: Sent: Monday, August 10, 2020 3:48 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: new materials for Maxwell upload to Relativity It has been sent! It should get there tomorrow. From: Sent: Monday, August 10, 2020 3:30 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: new materials for Maxwell upload to Relativity Hello, I was just checking to see if the hard drive was sent out to arrive today? Thank you. From: Sent: Tu

### Match 3
> 2020 19:55:03 +0000 Understood. Thank you. From: Sent: Monday, August 10, 2020 3:48 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: new materials for Maxwell upload to Relativity It has been sent! It should get there tomorrow. From: Sent: Monday, August 10, 2020 3:30 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: new materials for Maxwell upload to Relativity Hello, I was just checking to see if the hard drive was sent out to arrive today? Thank you. From: Sent: Tuesday, August 4, 2020 1:48 PM To: Cc: < M>; Subject: RE: new materials for Maxwell upload to Relativity I know you're on vacation this week, but wanted to very b

### Match 4
> Sent: Monday, August 10, 2020 3:30 PM To: Cc: Subject: RE: new materials for Maxwell upload to Relativity Hello, I was just checking to see if the hard drive was sent out to arrive today? Thank you. From: Sent: Tuesday, August 4, 2020 1:48 PM To: Cc: < M>; Subject: RE: new materials for Maxwell upload to Relativity I know you're on vacation this week, but wanted to very briefly follow up on the below — I'm going to ask to mail you the thumb drive referenced below, which has folders for five devices (NYCO24332, NYCO24369, NYCO24369_1, NYCO24372, and NYCO24384) on this coming Monday, so
