# EFTA02244811

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To|Eva Dubin|
|Sent|Monday, April 2, 2018 7:18 AM|
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[FULL]:** To: From: itsit Sent Mon 4/2/2018 3:12:43 PM Subject RE: Jeffrey Epstein Thanks! Allison Yorke DUBIN & COMPANY 767 Fifth Avenue — 4V' Hoor I New York, NY 10IS3 T: Fro Sent: Monday, A ril 2, 2018 11:11 AM To: Eva Dubin • Allison Yorke Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Gift cards have been delivered Vered and are with the doorman. Sent from my iPhone On Apr 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin <E M. wrote: I am here until 1 pm...hand deliver or leave with doorman ! Both very safe:) Please note, my email address has c

**[FULL]:** on Yorke DUBIN & COMPANY 767 Fifth Avenue — 4V' Hoor I New York, NY 10IS3 T: Fro Sent: Monday, A ril 2, 2018 11:11 AM To: Eva Dubin • Allison Yorke Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein Gift cards have been delivered Vered and are with the doorman. Sent from my iPhone On Apr 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin <E M. wrote: I am here until 1 pm...hand deliver or leave with doorman ! Both very safe:) Please note, my email address has changed From: Sent: Monday, April 2, 2018 7:18 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Jeffrey Epstein EFTA_R1_01019684 EFTA02244811 Good morning Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a

**[FULL]:** rds have been delivered Vered and are with the doorman. Sent from my iPhone On Apr 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin <E M. wrote: I am here until 1 pm...hand deliver or leave with doorman ! Both very safe:) Please note, my email address has changed From: Sent: Monday, April 2, 2018 7:18 AM To: Eva Dubin Subject: Jeffrey Epstein EFTA_R1_01019684 EFTA02244811 Good morning Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a gift delivered to Maya. I understand you are home from vacation. May we bring to the apartment today? Please advise if We should hand deliver at a specific time or ok to leave with the doorma

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
From: 
itsit 
Sent 
Mon 4/2/2018 3:12:43 PM 
Subject RE: Jeffrey Epstein 
Thanks! 
Allison Yorke 
DUBIN & COMPANY 
767 Fifth Avenue — 4V' Hoor I New York, NY 10IS3 
T: 
Fro 
Sent: Monday, A ril 2, 2018 11:11 AM 
To: Eva Dubin 
• Allison Yorke 
Subject: Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Gift cards have been delivered Vered and are with the doorman. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 2, 2018, at 10:00 AM, Eva Dubin <E
M. wrote: 
I am here until 1 pm...hand deliver or leave with doorman ! Both very safe:) 
Please note, my email address has changed 
From: 
Sent: Monday, April 2, 2018 7:18 AM 
To: Eva Dubin 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
EFTA_R1_01019684 
EFTA02244811

Good morning Eva. Jeffrey would like to have a gift delivered to Maya. I understand you 
are home from vacation. May we bring to the apartment today? Please advise if 
We should hand deliver at a specific time or ok to leave with the doorman. (The 
gift is valuable gift cards!). Thank you 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_01019685 
EFTA02244812

