# EFTA02527504

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.=om»|
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** break <=td> 17:00/18:30 </=d>3 closing summaries 30=/font> </=ont>mins=A0e=ch synthesis/antithesis/diagnosis/prognosis=span style="font- size: lOpx;"> </=ont> 19=00 -=0:00 Premiere of Jesse Dylan's LHC movie (10mins) & Cl=sing Cocktail Reception Gordy=Kane, Joe Lykken and Maria Spiropulu with Andrew Lange, Mark Wise, Marc<=span> K=mionkowski, Sunil Golwala<=pan style="font-size: l0px;"> and with advice from Steven Weinberg, Nima=A0Arkani-Hamed and Savas <=ont size="2">Dimopoulos4=pan>4=pan> <=r> </=pan> 3 EFTA_R1_01668161 EFTA02527506 The information contained i= this communication is

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Sent: 
To: 
Subject: 
who is organizing.. is it diamandis? 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Monday. November 30.2009 6:05 PM 
Re: Fwd: your daughter can go 
On =on, Nov 30, 2009 at 12:39 PM, <-
I am going. An= I can try to help. 
Sent from my Verizon Wireless BlackBerry 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.=om» 
Date: Mon, 30 
• 
• 
- 
=o: Lisa Randal 
u» 
Subject: 
> wrote:=br> 
are you going? i=would like the daughter of my friend to attend her name is 
who should i talk 
to. or could you assist? 
jeff I hope it will work as well as for you (or=close at least)-- I put a bunch of money from my academic 
startup to th=s-- so in my case it costs me .... but I am convinced it is worth it- l=wanted to let you know and thank you 
for setting a grand example-- greetin=s to the family- I really please want the picture you took of me with the =ylon if 
you get a chance. 
Hosted at=span> </=pan>Spacek<=font>, Caltech an= the=A0Andaz West Hollywood Hyatt, January 8,9,10 2010 
To accomplish the extraordinary, you must see= extraordinary people. — James Lee Byars 
In this two day retreat w= hope to bring together the top minds (thinkers and doers) in the fields o= the physics 
of the universe both theoretical and experimental. We want to=ask and answer questions like "How much can we 
understand about the univ=rse, soon?" "What is the role of theory and of experiment in gettin= there?" "Are there 
things we may not understand?" and "How m=ch of what we think we know might be wrong?". The meeting fosters 
discussion=and we are convinced that when the best people talk the outcome is advance=and growth. We are hoping 
we can avoid standard prepared talks, and focus on exci=ing forefront issues, where there may be differences of 
opinion, or new re=ults that will provoke wide discussion. You will receive more inform=tion about the program and 
your own possible role in the near future. The =ummit is inspired by the onset of the Large Hadron Collider, the Planck 
mi=sion, the recent results by satellite and ground based experiments on dark=matter searches, and the vast progress in 
EFTA_R1_01668159 
EFTA02527504

theory. Also by meetings such as=the LHC Olympics, and the workshops of the past years at the MCTP, KITP an= 
Perimeter as well as interdisciplinary gatherings of the ASU Origins, the=Edge Master-Classes and Google's . 
Venues/Highlights: 
1. =/span> The first day of the summit will be held at the headquarte=s of=A0=span style="font-size: 
l0px;">SpaceX <http://www.spacex.com> . The end of the day will be mar=ed byElon Musk giving a tour of his "Falcon" 
and "Dragon" construction=and missions. A Tesla surprise will be built into the tour. 
2. =/font> The second day will be held at Caltech's Cahill Center for Astronomy and Astrop=ysics. 
3. =/font> Participants will be housed at the The=/font>5. =A0The summit is by invitation only; There is no 
registration or other f=es; Just make your way to LA and the rest is covered (limited air travel s=pport will be available 
for younger participants). 
Invited Participants inc=ude: Steven Weinberg, Mathew Buckley, Frank Wilczek, Neil Weiner, 
<=span>Savas<=font> D=mopoulos,Liantao Wang, Chung, Nima Arkani-Hamed, Aaron Pierce, =isa Randall, Nappi, John 
Preskill, Fabiola Gianotti<=pan style="font-size: 10px;">, Laura Baudis, David <=ont size="2">Saltzberg,=font size="2"> 
<=pan>Asimina <=font>Arvani=aki= Kathryn Zurek, Mirko Boezio, and others (to be ordered alphabetically). 
Friday January 8, </=ont> 
6 pm</=pan> 
Cocktail Reception/Dinner<=span> 
7:30/8:30 
Group breakfast at private di=ning room<=span> SpaceX 
9:30/10:00 
"Dueling Big Pictures: Duel=1" 
10:10/10:40 
</=d>"Duel" 2 
<=td> 
10:50/11:20 
</=d>"Duel" 3 
<=td> 
11:30/12:00 
</=d>"Duel" 4 
<=td> 
12:15 /14:00 
<=td>Lunch 
14:00/15:00 
</=d>Panel/Round Table Discussion =n "Duels" 
15:00/15:30 
</=d>Coffee Break 
<=td> 
15:30/17:30 
</=d>10 minutes contributions from=participants [10 slides max- 6 presentations + discussion] 
17:45/18:40 
</=d>Elon Musk 
18:40/19:30 
</=d>Buses to<=ont size="2"> Andaz<hpan> Hotel=/div> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01668160 
EFTA02527505

20:00/22:00 
</=d>Dinner Party 
<=td> 
7:30/8:30 
Group breakfast at private di=ning room<=span> Andaz Hotel 
8:30/9:15 
Buses to Cahill/Caltech 
9:30 /11:00 
</=d>3 deconstruction talks: What =e think we really know, but maybe we don't? 
Cahill auditorium/Caltech<=span> 
10:30/11:00 
</=d>Coffee Break 
<=td>Cahill Center library and pat=os<=font> 
11:00/12:00 
</=d>Panel/Round Table Discussion =n deconstruction talks 
12:00/13:00 
</=d>Feature of "Firsts and =/font>Recen=s" : first LHC collisions data/ first Planck data/recent CDMS opened 
box/other<=span> 
13:00/14:00 
</=d>Lunch 
Cahill Center library and pat=os<=font> 
14:30/16:30 
</=d> 
16:30/17:00 
</=d>Coffee break 
<=td> 
17:00/18:30 
</=d>3 closing summaries 30=/font> </=ont>mins=A0e=ch synthesis/antithesis/diagnosis/prognosis=span style="font-
size: lOpx;"> 
</=ont> 
19=00 -=0:00 Premiere of Jesse Dylan's LHC movie (10mins) & Cl=sing Cocktail Reception 
Gordy=Kane, Joe Lykken and Maria Spiropulu with Andrew Lange, Mark Wise, Marc<=span> K=mionkowski, Sunil 
Golwala<=pan style="font-size: l0px;"> and with advice from Steven Weinberg, Nima=A0Arkani-Hamed and Savas <=ont 
size="2">Dimopoulos4=pan>4=pan> 
<=r> 
</=pan> 
3 
EFTA_R1_01668161 
EFTA02527506

The information contained i= this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged,=may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or=by e-mail to je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies t=ereof, 
including all attachments. 
The information contained in this co=munication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
= ********* 
**** 
******* 
* • * * * ***** 
* * • * * ********** 
** 
The information contain=d in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privile=ed, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy thi= communication and all copies thereof, 
4 
EFTA_R1_01668162 
EFTA02527507

including all attachments. 
5 
EFTA_R1_01668163 
EFTA02527508

