# EFTA02463205

**BILL GATES REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: foundation

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** ns an a=ditional $5,000 to $10,000 in real estate taxes per house to go to the sch=ol system. Perhaps more importantly, we probably can enroll the guid=nce of the substantial non-profit educational groups that have been, for y=ars, outlining better ways to teach. For example, the Bill and Melin=a Gates Foundation invested $4 billion to document how a child can learn b=st. The efficiency of building an educational sys=em from the ground up has enormous potential savings. For example, m= mother, in 1921, moved to Stroud, Oklahoma to teach fourth grade in a sch=ol where my father was a high schoo

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Gerald Barton 
Sent: 
Monday, April 23, 2018 5:30 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: 
I AM NOT DEAF, DUMB, NOR BLINDED BY OUR FRIENDSHIP. 
In my concept, you would only deal with me and what I would be=doing, which would take a year or so, in working on 
creating a new town.=C2* When the new town is formed, it would naturally have a school system=which I would want 
to be superior. In no way would you have any rela=ionship with the new town or the school. 
I will e=plain more fully in my memo on Thursday, but understand that I understand.=/div> 
Jerry 
On Mon, Apr 23, 2018 at 11:40 AM, =effrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» wrote: 
sorry, children projects=t2Q, not realisitc with my google . though i appreica=te the idea 
erald Barton 
wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
I am excited. I think there is p=tential for you to get a large tax deduction and for both of us to have a 
=ot of fun while we are doing great work to advance the public school syste= in our country. To put my cards on the 
table, I want you to underst=nd I want no profit from this master planned community. I will work =or no compensation, 
but reimbursable expenses until it becomes real. =Then, I would hope to have modest compensation from the non-profit 
develop=r. The key to be able to build a school from scratch is having the h=ge profits normally made by a master 
planned community developer and using=that money to build the capital expenditures in the early years. 
By Thursday, I will send you a general outline of what I pr=pose that we consider. In general, the 
concept is to use the state I=ws of New Mexico to form a new town on Zorro Ranch. The new town wou=d create a new 
school system which will follow the state mandate and get t=e $9,752 per child from the state, but also we could tax its 
citizens an a=ditional $5,000 to $10,000 in real estate taxes per house to go to the sch=ol system. Perhaps more 
importantly, we probably can enroll the guid=nce of the substantial non-profit educational groups that have been, for 
y=ars, outlining better ways to teach. For example, the Bill and Melin=a Gates Foundation invested $4 billion to 
document how a child can learn b=st. 
The efficiency of building an educational sys=em from the ground up has enormous potential savings. 
For example, m= mother, in 1921, moved to Stroud, Oklahoma to teach fourth grade in a sch=ol where my father was a 
high school principal, teacher, and football coac=. If they came back to Stroud today, they would find they could 
step=into the fourth grade and the high school classes with only a minimal adju=tment. Try to think of any substantial 
institution that is basically=the same as it was 100 years ago. 
EFTA_R1_01570117 
EFTA02463205

Obviously, the =own does not necessarily require the whole ranch and you should preserve, =or your 
enjoyment, those parts that are important to you. I will out=ine what I think needs to be done now in my memorandum 
on Thursday. 
<=iV> 
Jerry 
On Mon, Apr 23, 2018 at 9:36 AM, jeffrey =. <jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
> wrote: 
outline , yes i still own it*=A0 but do not use it very much 
<=r> 
On Mon A r 23, 2018 at 9:31 AM, Gerald Barto= 
<mailt 
> wrote: 
Jeffrey, 
In the early =0s, you showed me enormous friendship and kindness. Since that time,=l 
felt a debt to you to somehow compensate for your deep consideration, ho=ever, although we won a great decision in 
the Court of Claims and in the S=preme Court, the judgment we got was substantially less than the 10-year c=st of our 
fight and, therefore, much of my time was consumed with my own p=oblems. 
The purpose of this email is to see if yo= still own all or part of Zorro Ranch. If you do, I 
think we should =alk, because there is an opportunity for you to potentially get a great re=ard out of that real estate 
which would take very little of your time and =robably none of your capital. If you still have ownership and don l-=3 
enjoy it as much as you did watching Zorro on television as a child, ei=her give me a call so we can discuss in detail or ask 
me to outline the co=cept in a longer email. 
I know you will always re=ain outrageous, brilliant, and quietly kind. I hope your health 
is g=od and there is still a sparkle in your eye. 
Your=friend, Jerry 
<https://docs.google.com/u=?id=084nXWc5q3rWbM2J6eGdNWXhhVU0&export=download> 
Gerald=G. Barton 
The Barton Development Group, In=. 
2 
EFTA_R1_01570118 
EFTA02463206

1741 Saint Margaret's Road 
MIN 
</=iv> 
=C2* please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
c=nstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or co=ying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you 
have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.comg=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<https://doc=.google.com/uc?id=0B4nXWc5q3rWbM2J6eGdNWXhhVUO&export=download> 
Gerald G. Barton 
The Barton Develop=ent Group, Inc. 
3 
EFTA_R1_01570119 
EFTA02463207

=/div> 
please note 
The in=ormation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorn=y-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended=only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unau=horized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part th=reof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received t=is 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-=ail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all c=pies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved=br> 
=div> <https://docs.google.com/uc?id=0B4nXWc5q3rWbM2J6eGdNWXhhV=0&export=download> 
<=div><=iv>G<=span>erald G. Barton 
=/span> 
The Barton Development Group, Inc. 
4 
EFTA_R1_01570120 
EFTA02463208

