# EFTA00029877 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 30 Filed 07/27/20 Page 1 of 2 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x • UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, • . AFFIDAVIT OF CERTIFICATION v. . PURSUANT TO LOCAL • CRIMINAL RULE 16.1 GHISLAINE MAXWELL, . Defendant. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) • x I, Christian R. Everdell, an attorney duly admitted to practice in New York State and before this Court, declare the following is true and correct under penalty of perjury pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746: 1. I am a partner at Cohen & Gresser LLP, counsel f

### Match 2
> nt. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) • x I, Christian R. Everdell, an attorney duly admitted to practice in New York State and before this Court, declare the following is true and correct under penalty of perjury pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746: 1. I am a partner at Cohen & Gresser LLP, counsel for defendant Ghislaine Maxwell in the above-captioned case. 2. I certify pursuant to Local Criminal Rule 16.1 that defense counsel has conferred in good faith with Assistant U.S. Attorneys and regarding the government's proposed protective order pursuant to Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 16. 3. While the parties hav

### Match 3
> Case 1:20-cr-00330-AJN Document 30 Filed 07/27/20 Page 1 of 2 UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK x • UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, • . AFFIDAVIT OF CERTIFICATION v. . PURSUANT TO LOCAL • CRIMINAL RULE 16.1 GHISLAINE MAXWELL, . Defendant. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) • x I, Christian R. Everdell, an attorney duly admitted to practice in New York State and before this Court, declare the following is true and correct under penalty of perjury pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746: 1. I am a partner at Cohen & Gresser LLP, c

### Match 4
> nt. 20 Cr. 330 (AJN) • x I, Christian R. Everdell, an attorney duly admitted to practice in New York State and before this Court, declare the following is true and correct under penalty of perjury pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1746: 1. I am a partner at Cohen & Gresser LLP, counsel for defendant Ghislaine Maxwell in the above-captioned case. 2. I certify pursuant to Local Criminal Rule 16.1 that defense counsel has conferred in good faith with Assistant U.S. Attorneys and regarding the government's proposed protective order pursuant to Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 16. 3. While the par
