# EFTA02363103

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL, WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Solomon, Robin|
|To|=jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> " <=a|
|Sent||
|Subject|FW: Your message|

---

**[FULL]:** From: Eva Dubin < Sent: Saturday, April 28, 2012 3:54 AM To: Jeffrey Subject: RE: Your message she can sit there and just look pretty and not straightening up, if that =akes it better!! This woman Hamal has something against russian girls I th=nk Date: Fri, 27 Apr 2012 21:52:37 -0400 Subject: Fwd: FW: You

**[WORD]:** ave any input into changing. Hope having the facts is helpful. Best, Robin Fro=: Vyas, Hamel Sent: Friday, April 27, 2012 4:08 PM To: Solomon, Robin Subject: Your message Hi Robin: EFTA_R1_01356170 EFTA02363103 I received your message about the foreign national seeki=g to volunteer in the Dubin Center. The issue which has arisen is =he volunteer tasks potentially conflict with the duties designated for the union. As per Jeff Cohen, Wayne Keathl=y will be arranging a meeting with himself and Dr. Dubin to discuss. If there isn't a union issue, the individual will be=cleared to volunteer.

**[WORD]:** 2363103 I received your message about the foreign national seeki=g to volunteer in the Dubin Center. The issue which has arisen is =he volunteer tasks potentially conflict with the duties designated for the union. As per Jeff Cohen, Wayne Keathl=y will be arranging a meeting with himself and Dr. Dubin to discuss. If there isn't a union issue, the individual will be=cleared to volunteer. Please let me know if you have any questions. Best, Hamel Hamel Vyas, Esquire Director, International Personnel Human Resources Mount Sinai Medical Center One Gustave L. Levy Place Box 1514 New York, NY

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Eva Dubin <
Sent: 
Saturday, April 28, 2012 3:54 AM 
To: 
Jeffrey 
Subject: 
RE: Your message 
she can sit there and just look pretty and not straightening up, if that =akes it better!! This woman Hamal has something 
against russian girls I th=nk 
Date: Fri, 27 Apr 2012 21:52:37 -0400 
Subject: Fwd: FW: Your =essage 
From: jeevacation@gmail.com 
To: EMONNEMil 
<=iv class="ecxgmail_extra">i tried 
 
Forwarded message 
From: Solomon, Robin 
Date: Fri, Apr 27, 2012 at 7:32 PM 
Subject: FW: Your message 
To: =jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> " <=a 
href="mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com">jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Hi Jeffrey, 
Got your message. See below. It is a union issue that is preventing finaliz=tion of the clearance for the young woman you 
called about to volunteer.&n=sp; Eva wanted help "straightening up". The union sees this as a=potential way to have 
less paid personnel and has raised an issue with Labor Relations. We have to go throug= the process before it can be 
cleared. As you see Wayne Keathley t=e President of the hospital will be meeting with Eva to discuss. It's not =n issue I 
have any input into changing. Hope having the facts is helpful. 
Best, 
Robin 
Fro=: Vyas, Hamel 
Sent: Friday, April 27, 2012 4:08 PM 
To: Solomon, Robin 
Subject: Your message 
Hi Robin: 
EFTA_R1_01356170 
EFTA02363103

I received your message about the foreign national seeki=g to volunteer in the Dubin Center. The issue which has arisen 
is =he volunteer tasks potentially conflict with the duties designated for the union. As per Jeff Cohen, Wayne Keathl=y 
will be arranging a meeting with himself and Dr. Dubin to discuss. 
If there isn't a union issue, the individual will be=cleared to volunteer. 
Please let me know if you have any questions. 
Best, 
Hamel 
Hamel Vyas, Esquire 
Director, International Personnel 
Human Resources 
Mount Sinai Medical Center 
One Gustave L. Levy Place Box 1514 
New York, NY 10029 
= ******** 
**** 
***** 
***** 
The information contained in this communication =s confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitut= 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unau=horized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part =hereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received=this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail =r by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.=om <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01356171 
EFTA02363104

=--_fdc6e9b5-5a25-4a04-8215-ae89d7a9de6a date-last-viewed 0 date-received 1335585268 flags 261121 original-
mailbox imap://jeevacation@imap.gmail.com/%5BGmail%5D/A11%20Mail remote-id 219812 
3 
EFTA_R1_01356172 
EFTA02363105

