# EFTA02706227

**GLENN & EVA DUBIN REF** | Types: FULL | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From|Lesley Groff [mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.com]|
|To|Boris Nikolic; Sam Jaradeh Boris Friend|
|Sent|Thursday, November 29, 2012 6:41 AM|
|Subject|Jeffrey Epstein|

---

**[FULL]:** ay. Will know in a day or=two. All the best Boris Original Message From: Lesley Groff [mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.com] Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2012 6:41 AM To: Boris Nikolic; Sam Jaradeh Boris Friend Subject: Jeffrey Epstein Hello Boris and Sam...I wanted to pass along the invitation to Eva Dubin's =enefit on Dec. 10th in NY ...I understand you will both be attending as Je=frey's guests! Please let me know you have received the invitation and confirm to me you w=ll both be able to make it. Thanks so much and I hope all is going well. Thanks, Lesley EFTA_R1_02099598 EFTA02706227

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Boris Nikolic <Boris.Nikolic@bgc3.com> 
Sent: 
Sunday, December 2, 2012 7:37 PM 
To: 
Lesley Groff (lesley.jee@gmail.com) 
Cc: 
Jeffrey Epstein (jeevacation@gmail.com) 
Subject: 
FW: Jeffrey Epstein 
Attachments: 
DBC12 One Page Invite with Reply.pdf 
I just noticed that I am scheduled to return from Miami on December 10th ar=und 10pm. 
Eva's event starts at 8pm. 
I will try to change a flight to an earlier one but very likely I will be l=te (as I have a meeting in Miami Monday afternoon 
that I need to attend). 
I am wondering whether it is safer to cancel and Jee invites someone else! 
I will also try to move my mtg to an earlier in day. Will know in a day or=two. 
All the best 
Boris 
 
Original Message 
From: Lesley Groff [mailto:lesley.jee@gmail.com] 
Sent: Thursday, November 29, 2012 6:41 AM 
To: Boris Nikolic; Sam Jaradeh Boris Friend 
Subject: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hello Boris and Sam...I wanted to pass along the invitation to Eva Dubin's =enefit on Dec. 10th in NY ...I understand you 
will both be attending as Je=frey's guests! 
Please let me know you have received the invitation and confirm to me you w=ll both be able to make it. 
Thanks so much and I hope all is going well. 
Thanks, Lesley 
EFTA_R1_02099598 
EFTA02706227

