# EFTA00032724 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL, TITLE
**Mentions:** 5

## Email Metadata
- **From:** BOBBI C STERNHEIM
- **To:** 
- **Sent:** 
- **Subject:** Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM To: Cc: " >, Christian Everdell Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 16 Jun 2021 14:23:01 +0000 Good morning- As reported yesterday, the modifications made in the VTC room are negatively impacting attorney-client communication. The video is blurry; the audio includes distorting noises. I am requesting that these problems be remedied immedia

### Match 2
> From: BOBBI C STERNHEIM To: Cc: " >, Christian Everdell Subject: Ghislaine Maxwell 02879-509 Date: Wed, 16 Jun 2021 14:23:01 +0000 Good morning- As reported yesterday, the modifications made in the VTC room are negatively impacting attorney-client communication. The video is blurry; the audio includes distorting noises. I am requesting that these problems be remedied

### Match 3
> tions made in the VTC room are negatively impacting attorney-client communication. The video is blurry; the audio includes distorting noises. I am requesting that these problems be remedied immediately. Also, I am bringing to your attention the inappropriate behavior of the guards presently on Ms. Maxwell's detail: threatening discipline if Ms. Maxwell is "off camera" while leaning against a wall to soothe her aching back; barking orders regarding the noise emanating from the washing machine and the pace of her gait when walking; laughing amongst themselves as if any of this is funny. The manner

### Match 4
> ing attorney-client communication. The video is blurry; the audio includes distorting noises. I am requesting that these problems be remedied immediately. Also, I am bringing to your attention the inappropriate behavior of the guards presently on Ms. Maxwell's detail: threatening discipline if Ms. Maxwell is "off camera" while leaning against a wall to soothe her aching back; barking orders regarding the noise emanating from the washing machine and the pace of her gait when walking; laughing amongst themselves as if any of this is funny. The manner in which some of the guards responded to me on S

### Match 5
> aching back; barking orders regarding the noise emanating from the washing machine and the pace of her gait when walking; laughing amongst themselves as if any of this is funny. The manner in which some of the guards responded to me on Sunday gives me reason to be concerned about how they treat Ms. Maxwell when out of public view. The courtesy of a response is requested. Thank you- Bobbi BOBBI C. STERNHEIM, ESQ. Law Offices of Bobbi C. Sternheim New York, NY 10011 Main: Cell: Fax: "Covid-19 Notice: The office is currently closed but we continue to work remotely. Please use entail or fax, i
