# EFTA02279490

**PRINCE ANDREW (Duke of York) REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** Jeffrey Epstein On Mar 13, 2019, at 2:27 PM, Guan Chen e 'k wrote: Dear =, EFTA_R1_01098153 EFTA02279490 I hope all is well! My name is Guan, and I am coordinating the Hasty Pudding Institute's Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala this year. Maddie Hagen gave me your email. I received word from Andrew Farkas that Mr. Epstein has generously agreed to contribute $50,000 to the Hasty Pudding Institute for the Gala. We are so appreciative of his donation and continued support over the years, which directly impacts and improves our programming. I just wanted to check in on his preferred method o

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Guan Che 
Cc: 
Bella Klein 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 3/20/2019 2:19:14 PM 
Subject Re: Order of the Golden Sphinx Contribution 
Excellent! Thanks 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 20, 2019, at 10:17 AM, Guan Chen 
wrote: 
Hi Bella & 
The check was received yesterday. Thank you very much again for your 
assistance! 
Best, 
Guan 
On Wed, Mar 13, 2019 at 4:10 PM 
wrote: 
great! 
On Mar 13, 2019, at 3:42 PM, Guan Chen 
wrote: 
Thank you very much. Bella and I just connected via phone and I sent her the best 
address for mailing the check. 
Best, 
Guan 
On Wed, Mar 13, 2019 at 3:40 PM 
wrote: 
Hello Guan. I have Bella in our accounting dept cc'd on this mail. 
She will let us know how the payment will arrive. 
Thank you, 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
On Mar 13, 2019, at 2:27 PM, Guan Chen 
e
'k wrote:
Dear =, 
EFTA_R1_01098153 
EFTA02279490

I hope all is well! My name is Guan, and I am coordinating the Hasty Pudding 
Institute's Order of the Golden Sphinx Gala this year. 
Maddie Hagen gave me your email. 
I received word from Andrew Farkas that Mr. Epstein has generously agreed 
to contribute $50,000 to the Hasty Pudding Institute 
for the Gala. We are so appreciative of his donation and 
continued support over the years, which directly 
impacts and improves our programming. 
I just wanted to check in on his preferred method of making this donation 
(check, credit, or direct deposit), and if there is 
anything I could do to help facilitate. If it has already 
been made, please let me know the method so I can 
confirm that it arrives safely. 
Many thanks again to Mr. Epstein for his generous support! 
Best, 
Guan 
Guan-Yue Chen 
Project Coordinator and Alumni Manager 
Hasty Pudding Institute 
Guan-Yue Chen 
Project Coordinator and Alumni Manager 
I 
i to 
Guan-Yue Chen 
Project Coordinator and Alumni Manager 
Hast Puddin Institute 
EFTA_R1_01098154 
EFTA02279491

