# EFTA02385512

**JEAN-LUC BRUNEL REF** | Types: WORD | XRefs: epstein, paris

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[WORD]:** April 17, 2015 11:15 AM To: jeevacation@gmail.com Subject: Aff. J-L. BRUNEL / J. EPSTEIN Dear Mr. Epstein, My client Mr. Brune= has instructed me to contact you regarding the proposals which might cont=ibute to settle the current dispute. It seems that you intend to propose s=lutions to Mr. Brunel. Mr. Brunel prefers not to be involved person=lly in this process, since he is extremely stressed and upset by the prese=t situation, i.e the blow to its business and his personal image. W=en the matter will settled Mr. Brunel will be pleased to meet you again. I suggest that your lawyer be in

**[WORD]:** current dispute. It seems that you intend to propose s=lutions to Mr. Brunel. Mr. Brunel prefers not to be involved person=lly in this process, since he is extremely stressed and upset by the prese=t situation, i.e the blow to its business and his personal image. W=en the matter will settled Mr. Brunel will be pleased to meet you again. I suggest that your lawyer be in touch with me. Nevertheless, =f you prefer to communicate directly with me, feel free to do it and I wil= transmit the information to Mr. Brunel. Yours sincerely Marianne Abgrall Avocat =u Barreau de Paris ***** **=** Ce m

**[WORD]:** the blow to its business and his personal image. W=en the matter will settled Mr. Brunel will be pleased to meet you again. I suggest that your lawyer be in touch with me. Nevertheless, =f you prefer to communicate directly with me, feel free to do it and I wil= transmit the information to Mr. Brunel. Yours sincerely Marianne Abgrall Avocat =u Barreau de Paris ***** **=** Ce mess=ge est envoyé par un cabinet d'avocats et peut contenir des i=formations confidentielles ou couvertes par le secret professionnel. Si ce=message ne vous est pas destiné, nous vous prions d'en inform=r immédiatem

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

From: 
Marianne Abgrall 
Sent: 
Friday, April 17, 2015 11:15 AM 
To: 
jeevacation@gmail.com 
Subject: 
Aff. J-L. BRUNEL / J. EPSTEIN 
Dear Mr. Epstein, 
My client Mr. Brune= has instructed me to contact you regarding the proposals which might cont=ibute to settle the 
current dispute. It seems that you intend to propose s=lutions to Mr. Brunel. 
Mr. Brunel prefers not to be involved person=lly in this process, since he is extremely stressed and upset by the prese=t 
situation, i.e the blow to its business and his personal image. 
W=en the matter will settled Mr. Brunel will be pleased to meet you again. 
I suggest that your lawyer be in touch with me. 
Nevertheless, =f you prefer to communicate directly with me, feel free to do it and I wil= transmit the information to Mr. 
Brunel. 
Yours sincerely 
Marianne Abgrall 
Avocat =u Barreau de Paris 
***** 
**=** 
Ce mess=ge est envoyé par un cabinet d'avocats et peut contenir des i=formations confidentielles ou couvertes par le 
secret professionnel. Si ce=message ne vous est pas destiné, nous vous prions d'en inform=r immédiatement son auteur 
et de le supprimer avec ses éventuell=s pièces jointes sans en conserver de copie. 
EFTA_R1_01404646 
EFTA02385512

