# EFTA00018008 -- GHISLAINE MAXWELL

**Source:** DataSet8
**Match types:** FULL
**Mentions:** 4

## Match Contexts

### Match 1
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. INSTRUCTIONS TO FOCUS GROUP EFTA00018008 Summary of Indictment The Indictment contains three counts. or "charges," against GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant. Count One of the Indictment charges the defendant, with conspiring—that is, agreeing— with others to transport a minor in i

### Match 2
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. INSTRUCTIONS TO FOCUS GROUP EFTA00018008 Summary of Indictment The Indictment contains three counts. or "charges," against GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant. Count One of the Indictment charges the defendant, with conspiring—that is, agreeing— with others to transport a minor in interstate and foreign commerce, with intent that the minor engage in sexual activity for which a person can be charged with a criminal offense. Count One re

### Match 3
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. INSTRUCTIONS TO FOCUS GROUP EFTA00018008 Summary of Indictment The Indictment contains three counts. or "charges," against GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant. Count One of the Indictment charges the defendant, with conspiring—that is, agreeing— with others to transport a mi

### Match 4
> UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK UNITED STATES OF AMERICA GHISLAINE MAXWELL, Defendant. INSTRUCTIONS TO FOCUS GROUP EFTA00018008 Summary of Indictment The Indictment contains three counts. or "charges," against GHISLAINE MAXWELL, the defendant. Count One of the Indictment charges the defendant, with conspiring—that is, agreeing— with others to transport a minor in interstate and foreign commerce, with intent that the minor engage in sexual activity for which a person can be charged with a criminal offense. Count
