# EFTA02410048

**BILL & HILLARY CLINTON REF** | Types: ORG | XRefs: epstein, foundation

|Field|Value|
|---|---|
|From||
|To||
|Sent||
|Subject||

---

**[ORG]:** el and I are traveling to Washington on the 10-14th, as we have a very high end meeting with many of Obama's top advisors at the WH, as well as meetings with OPIC, and other government agencies. Then, we have to go to NY between the 15th - 18th, as we have more meetings there, including with the Clinton Foundation and the UN. This is all related to our water project, which is taking off Isabel and I were wondering if you still had apartments we could stay at in New York during the nights of the 15-18th? And, also, if you would be in NY at that time, and we could all catch up. Hope all is well 

---

## Full Text (first 10K chars)

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacation@gmail.com] 
From: 
Al seckel 
Sent 
Thur 7/8/2010 8:32:29 PM 
Subject New York 
Hi Jeff, 
Hope you are well. Let's catch up by phone when you have a moment. Been pretty busy on this 
end. Isabel and I are traveling to Washington on the 10-14th, as we have a very high end meeting 
with many of Obama's top advisors at the WH, as well as meetings with OPIC, and other 
government agencies. Then, we have to go to NY between the 15th - 18th, as we have more 
meetings there, including with the Clinton Foundation and the UN. This is all related to our water 
project, which is taking off 
Isabel and I were wondering if you still had apartments we could stay at in New York during the 
nights of the 15-18th? And, also, if you would be in NY at that time, and we could all catch up. 
Hope all is well and exciting in your world. Looking forward to catching up. 
When do you want to do your get together? Can we discuss? 
Cheers, 
me 
EFTA_R1_01470599 
EFTA02410048

