# EFTA02436030

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: elon musk, elon

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | John Brockman [mailto |
| **To** | Pritzker, Nick; Elon Musk; W. Daniel Hillis; Jeffrey Epstein; Larry Page; Salar Kamangar; Nathan Myhrvold; Charles Simonyi; Jeff Skoll; Pierre Omidyar; Sean Parker |
| **Sent** | Wednesday, August 26, 2009 11:25 AM |
| **Subject** | Lisa Randall Eastover Farm Nick, Elon, Danny, JE, Larry, Salar, Nathan, Charles, Jeff, Pierre, Sean, Lisa Randall needs advice re a possible move from the Harvard Physics Department to either Caltech or NYU, both of which have extended job offers. She's unhappy at Harvard, where the department seems to be intent on pulling the rug out from under her at every opportunity, and she wants a change. I am writing to all of you because I am out of my depth in advising her on her choices between universities and physics departments, compensation packages, etc. In this regard, it occurred to me that any of you might have good advice and/or connections and that Lisa might benefit by talking to you directly. Some background: I believe NYU has already matched her Harvard salary and just this week, a donor put up $5 million to build up the physics department around her if she comes [i.e. adding two more senior faculty, support services, etc.). She prefers Caltech, both for the department and the ambience of LA. EFTA_R1_01508325 EFTA02436030 Their offer involves much less teaching but also less money. I have advised her not to take a penny less than she is making now. If there are resources available to allow Caltech to match her deal with NYU, that would require someone who knows the department to check it out (and that's not me). As Lisa's literary agent, as far as getting the attention of the media and readers in general, Harvard is the gold standard, and Caltech is high-value. But NYU is not even on the cultural map. (I have exactly one client there and don't know of anyone to chase). In any event, Lisa's next book is sold and this shouldn't be a consideration in her decision. And in general, it hasn't hurt Steve Weinberg and Shelly Glashow to have left Harvard. I know: Lisa is not easy. Some people are that way. But I say she's worth it. And, in terms of science, we all need to do what we can to give women a place at the table. It's not easy being a woman - perhaps the top woman - in theoretical physics, and nobody expects her male counterparts to be regular guys (nor are they). As I have said many times with regard to myself and the people I like to talk to: "Nice isn't enough". (And that includes all of you!). Contact info: Lisa Randall mobile Best to all, JB mobile John Brockman Edge Foundation, Inc. 5 East 59th Street New York, NY 10022 tel: Visit the EDGE Website: http://www.edge.org EFTA_R1_01508326 EFTA02436031 |
| **Cross-refs** | epstein, party, tech, money |

---

## Context Excerpts

> T: eevaca ion gmal .com eevaca ion gmai .com , From: Elon Musk Sent: Wed 8/26/2009 4:52:06 PM Subject: Re: Lisa Randall I agree Original Message From: Pritzker, Nick To: John Brockman • :•; Elon Musk; W. Daniel Hillis Jeffrey Epstein <'eevacatione• ail.com>; Larry Page Saler Kamangar Nathan Myhrvold Charles Simonyi Jeff Skoll Pierre Omidyar

> T: eevaca ion gmal .com eevaca ion gmai .com , From: Elon Musk Sent: Wed 8/26/2009 4:52:06 PM Subject: Re: Lisa Randall I agree Original Message From: Pritzker, Nick To: John Brockman • :•; Elon Musk; W. Daniel Hillis Jeffrey Epstein <'eevacatione• ail.com>; Larry Page Saler Kamangar Nathan Myhrvold Charles Simonyi Jeff Skoll Pierre Omidyar • Sean Parker Sent: Wed Aug 26 09:33:45 2009 Subject: RE: Lisa Randall John: with a board of advisors of this caliber, Lisa could be in REAL tr

> re most of us live. I'm not sure about the negotiating/institutional dynamics though. I will give Lisa a call to discuss in any event. I'm sure she appreciates your efforts to help. n Original Message From: John Brockman [mailto Sent: Wednesday, August 26, 2009 11:25 AM To: Pritzker, Nick; Elon Musk; W. Daniel Hillis; Jeffrey Epstein; Larry Page; Salar Kamangar; Nathan Myhrvold; Charles Simonyi; Jeff Skoll; Pierre Omidyar; Sean Parker Subject: Lisa Randall Eastover Farm Nick, Elon, Danny, JE, Larry, Salar, Nathan, Charles, Jeff, Pierre, Sean, Lisa Randall needs advice re a possible move

> nal Message From: John Brockman [mailto Sent: Wednesday, August 26, 2009 11:25 AM To: Pritzker, Nick; Elon Musk; W. Daniel Hillis; Jeffrey Epstein; Larry Page; Salar Kamangar; Nathan Myhrvold; Charles Simonyi; Jeff Skoll; Pierre Omidyar; Sean Parker Subject: Lisa Randall Eastover Farm Nick, Elon, Danny, JE, Larry, Salar, Nathan, Charles, Jeff, Pierre, Sean, Lisa Randall needs advice re a possible move from the Harvard Physics Department to either Caltech or NYU, both of which have extended job offers. She's unhappy at Harvard, where the department seems to be intent on pulling the rug o

---

## Full Email Text

T: 
eevaca ion gmal .com eevaca ion gmai .com ,
From: 
Elon Musk 
Sent: 
Wed 8/26/2009 4:52:06 PM 
Subject: 
Re: Lisa Randall 
I agree 
 
 Original Message  
From: Pritzker, Nick 
To: John Brockman •
:•; Elon Musk; W. Daniel Hillis 
Jeffrey Epstein <'eevacatione• ail.com>; Larry Page 
Saler Kamangar 
Nathan 
Myhrvold 
Charles Simonyi 
Jeff 
Skoll 
Pierre Omidyar 
• Sean 
Parker 
Sent: Wed Aug 26 09:33:45 2009 
Subject: RE: Lisa Randall 
John: with a board of advisors of this caliber, Lisa could be in REAL trouble!! 
I suspect the consensus would be for Cal Tech, because it's closer to where most 
of us live. I'm not sure about the negotiating/institutional dynamics though. I 
will give Lisa a call to discuss in any event. 
I'm sure she appreciates your efforts to help. n 
 
Original Message 
From: John Brockman [mailto 
Sent: Wednesday, August 26, 2009 11:25 AM 
To: Pritzker, Nick; Elon Musk; W. Daniel Hillis; Jeffrey Epstein; Larry Page; 
Salar Kamangar; Nathan Myhrvold; Charles Simonyi; Jeff Skoll; Pierre Omidyar; 
Sean Parker 
Subject: Lisa Randall 
Eastover Farm 
Nick, Elon, Danny, JE, Larry, Salar, Nathan, Charles, Jeff, Pierre, Sean, 
Lisa Randall needs advice re a possible move from the Harvard Physics Department 
to either Caltech or NYU, both of which have extended job offers. She's unhappy 
at Harvard, where the department seems to be intent on pulling the rug out from 
under her at every opportunity, and she wants a change. I am writing to all of 
you because I am out of my depth in advising her on her choices between 
universities and physics departments, compensation packages, etc. In this regard, 
it occurred to me that any of you might have good advice and/or connections and 
that Lisa might benefit by talking to you directly. 
Some background: 
I believe NYU has already matched her Harvard salary and just this week, a donor 
put up $5 million to build up the physics department around her if she comes 
[i.e. adding two more senior faculty, support services, etc.). 
She prefers Caltech, both for the department and the ambience of LA. 
EFTA_R1_01508325 
EFTA02436030

Their offer involves much less teaching but also less money. I have advised her 
not to take a penny less than she is making now. If there are resources available 
to allow Caltech to match her deal with NYU, that would require someone who knows 
the department to check it out (and that's not me). 
As Lisa's literary agent, as far as getting the attention of the media and 
readers in general, Harvard is the gold standard, and Caltech is high-value. But 
NYU is not even on the cultural map. (I have exactly one client there and don't 
know of anyone to chase). In any event, Lisa's next book is sold and this 
shouldn't be a consideration in her decision. And in general, it hasn't hurt 
Steve Weinberg and Shelly Glashow to have left Harvard. 
I know: Lisa is not easy. Some people are that way. But I say she's worth it. 
And, in terms of science, we all need to do what we can to give women a place at 
the table. It's not easy being a woman - perhaps the top woman - in theoretical 
physics, and nobody expects her male counterparts to be regular guys (nor are 
they). As I have said many times with regard to myself and the people I like to 
talk to: "Nice isn't enough". (And that includes all of you!). 
Contact info: 
Lisa Randall 
mobile 
Best to all, 
JB 
mobile 
John Brockman 
Edge Foundation, Inc. 
5 East 59th Street 
New York, NY 10022 
tel: 
Visit the EDGE Website: 
http://www.edge.org 
EFTA_R1_01508326 
EFTA02436031
