# EFTA02441755

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: elon musk

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | Jeffrey i stein < v i n maim> |
| **To** | Al seckel |
| **Sent** | Thursday, April 16, 2009 2:52:54 PM |
| **Subject** | could you give me a list of who you think would enjoy a get together in florida„ smart , out of the box types EFTA_R1_01516408 EFTA02441759 |
| **Cross-refs** | epstein, maxwell |

---

## Context Excerpts

> ead). I can think of more names if I put my mind to it, but lets start here: I am happy to discuss anyone here Nathan Mhyrvold *Catherine Mohr *Jay Walker Christof Koch *Terry Sejnowski Danny Hillis *Bran Fcrrcn Vilamur Ramachandran Lisa Randall Frances Arnold Jesse Dylan Larry Page Elon Musk Stephen Wolfram Steve Juvertson *Pablo Ho Jaron Lanier Craig Venter paul Kirkaas Yossi Vardi *Eric Mjolsncss *Mike Douglas Dean Kamen *Shelly Glashow *Derrick Ashong James Cameron *Ronald Crowley *Jeffrey Lehman Christine Maxwell ' Brock Pierce *Rich Roberts *Lee Stein *Gerry Su

---

## Full Email Text

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationagmail.comj 
From: 
AI Seckel 
Sent 
Sun 4/19/2009 1:13:35 AM 
Subject: Re: I'm up. Call when you wish. 
Never mind about sending Picts, Isabel sent me the link. I also now know Who to suggest. More 
later 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 18, 2009, at 8:34 AM, Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
i tired „ sorry 
On Sat, Apr 18, 2009 at 9:37 AM, Al seckel 
wrote: 
I tried calling but got your machine. 
Call when you wish: 310-456-5170 
From: Jeffrey E 
ein <'eevacation 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Friday, April 17, 2009 1:48:34 PM 
Subject: Re: A little thought to thinkers... 
im in from 9 ny time what works for you 
On Fri, Apr 17, 2009 at 4:46 PM, Al seckel 
wrote: 
I am at a meeting from 9 - 12 pm. pct. Either before or after will work. Let me 
know what's best for you. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacation amail.com> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Friday, Apri 1 , 
1:44: 
PM 
Subject: Re: A little thought to thinkers... 
tomorrow 
On Fri, Apr 17, 2009 at 2:58 PM, Al seckel 
Are you available to talk about this some more? 
What would you like to come out of this? 
ote: 
EFTA_R1_01516404 
EFTA02441755

Is there a focus? 
Do you want some really fun smart people too? 
From: leeva 
aa,com>
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Friday, pri 1 , 
1 : 
: 9 AM 
Subject: Re: A little thought to thinkers... 
I agree 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 17, 2009, at 1:17 PM, Al seckel 
Jeff, 
ote: 
Good to talk to you this morning on this subject, as it is one I am entirely 
comfortable with. ;-) 
The list I sent you yesterday has the criteria of thinkers, out of the box. These are 
amongst the very brightest people that I know, where I enjoy 
listening to them, and they say insightful things along with a deep 
understanding of the subject matter. Intellectual judgment along 
with intellectual ability. The two don't always go hand-in-hand. 
This is also a list of people who have a certain type of intelligence, 
but may not necessarily have social intelligence, i.e, they are a bit 
awkward. 
Jay is incredibly skilled socially compared to some of the people on this list. Just fyi. 
I personally am not bothered by social awkwardness, but this is 
your thing, and you would like a good mix, and that is 
understandable. Criteria will just be different then. 
You brought up Jay. This is a good example. Jay does listen, and then tends to offer 
up his own views. I very much enjoy interacting with Jay, and he is 
a close friend, and although I may not always agree with him, he 
does always offer up ideas that are interesting and worth thinking 
about. That's why I put him on the list. He has a certain way he 
maps the world and he is also very well read and informed. This is 
not an argument about Jay, just why I put him on the list. I would 
also put Nathan in the same category as Jay. Doesn't listen much, 
pontificates, don't always agree with what he says, but he tends to 
EFTA_R1_01516405 
EFTA02441756

say things that are provocative and interesting. He has an 
interesting way of mapping the world too, and is well read and 
informed. I enjoy bantering with both of them, and count them as 
real friends that I have known and hung out with for many years. 
Some of the names listed are titans of intellectual ego. Steven Wolfram being 
amongst the worst of them. Others are very shy and socially and 
fashion awkward, but are amongst the very brightest and informed 
that I know, and will run intellectual circles around some of the 
names on this list. 
I very much like the idea of your asking people on this list to contribute names of 
the ten "brightest" people that they know. This list would provide 
an excellent set of references. 
Please note, that although I have a diversity of thinkers, I have distinctly avoided 
people who map the world in a magical way, and would encourage 
us to avoid "magical thinkers." 
From: leeya 
<"c 
ail. om> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Friday, April 17, 2009 5:16:16 AM 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 16, 2009, at 6:33 PM, Al scckcl 
wrote: 
Anyone you don't know on an immediate list, ask me 
or google them. All are good friends of mine for years, 
but these very high end circles travel together, so you 
should be very familiar with almost all of them. And, a 
few that you don't know, are off the charts, and in 
some respects smarter than the ones that are familiar... 
;-) They just didn't seek the limelight. I have marked 
these people with an asterisk. Not everyone on this list 
is a scientist. 
EFTA_R1_01516406 
EFTA02441757

There is no order to this list (this is a cross-section off the top of my head). I 
can think of more names if I put my mind to it, but lets 
start here: 
I am happy to discuss anyone here 
Nathan Mhyrvold 
*Catherine Mohr 
*Jay Walker 
Christof Koch 
*Terry Sejnowski 
Danny Hillis 
*Bran Fcrrcn 
Vilamur Ramachandran 
Lisa Randall 
Frances Arnold 
Jesse Dylan 
Larry Page 
Elon Musk 
Stephen Wolfram 
Steve Juvertson 
*Pablo Ho 
Jaron Lanier 
Craig Venter 
paul Kirkaas 
Yossi Vardi 
*Eric Mjolsncss 
*Mike Douglas 
Dean Kamen 
*Shelly Glashow 
*Derrick Ashong 
James Cameron 
*Ronald Crowley 
*Jeffrey Lehman 
Christine Maxwell 
' Brock Pierce 
*Rich Roberts 
*Lee Stein 
*Gerry Sussman 
*John Conway 
Dan Dubno (just because he is very interesting) 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <ieevacationaamail.com>
EFTA_R1_01516407 
EFTA02441758

To: Al seckel 
Sent: Thursday, April 16, 2009 2:56:34 PM 
Subject Re: 
of course 
On Thu, Apr 16, 2009 at 5:55 PM, Al seckel 
wrote: 
Ah, you have actually asked my speciality. Seriously. 
Ok, different disciplines and business too? 
From: Jeffrey i 
stein < 
v 
i n
maim> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Thursday, April 16, 2009 2:52:54 PM 
Subject: 
could you give me a list of who you think would enjoy a get together in 
florida„ smart , out of the box types 
EFTA_R1_01516408 
EFTA02441759
