# EFTA02592397

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: elon

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | "Jeffrey E." =o: Greg Wyler |
| **To** | Greg Wyler |
| **CC** | ?? if elon is not funding hirw are you getting it done? EFTA_R1_01775293 EFTA02592397 please=note The information contained in this communication is confidential= may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, =nd is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of=br>JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication=or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you =ave received this communication in error, please notify us immediately =y return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= target=> , and destroy this communic=tion and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all =ights reserved =br> =C2 please note The information contained in this communication is=br>confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute insi=e information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is=the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thisar>communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be u=lawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify=us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com> , and destr=y this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments.=copyright -all rights reserved </=iv> =C2 please note The informat=on contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only =or the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthoriz=d use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this return e-mail o= by e-mail to j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies =hereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved </=iv> 2 EFTA_R1_01775294 EFTA02592398 |
| **Sent** | Wednesday, October =1, 2014 8:59 AM |
| **Subject** | No subject |
| **Cross-refs** | money |

---

## Context Excerpts

> g Wyler Subject: Re: No subject signed agreements don't mean much, im afraid, =AO what is it that get sin the way of this amazing fucking deal. =AO its beeen months and months. On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 9:19 AM, Greg Wyler wrote: I obviously suck at this (actually I have a=signed agreement with Elon but at the last minute before funding he wanted=to see if he could buy it or if we could bring in others).4=pan> =/u> I signed arbinding term sheet with another company that wants to lead. Hopefully they=close by October 31 and we will wrap up the whole thing. <1=> From: jeffrey E. [mailto:je

> will be less than 100=u> On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 8:55 AM, Greg Wyler He has not de=ided he is not funding. He has said he would invest or buy it. I have seve=al other lead investors, so there will be a few. Original =essage Subject: No subject From: "Jeffrey E." =o: Greg Wyler CC: ?? if elon is not funding hirw are you getting it done? EFTA_R1_01775293 EFTA02592397 please=note The information contained in this communication is confidential= may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, =nd is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property

---

## Full Email Text

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 1, 2014 6:28 PM 
To: 
Greg Wyler 
Subject: 
Re: No subject 
signed agreements don't mean much, im afraid, =AO what is it that get sin the way of this amazing fucking deal. =AO its 
beeen months and months. 
On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 9:19 AM, Greg Wyler 
wrote: 
I obviously suck at this (actually I have a=signed agreement with Elon but at the last minute before funding he 
wanted=to see if he could buy it or if we could bring in others).4=pan> 
=/u> 
I signed arbinding term sheet with another company that wants to lead. Hopefully they=close by October 31 
and we will wrap up the whole thing. 
<1=> 
From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Wednesday, October =1, 2014 8:59 AM 
To: Greg Wyler 
Subject: Re: No subject=u> 
NOT again. . take someone in who can m=nage the finance piece. otherwise the next bid will be less than 
100=u> 
On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 8:55 AM, Greg Wyler 
He has not de=ided he is not funding. He has said he would invest or buy it. I have seve=al other lead 
investors, so there will be a few. 
 
Original =essage 
Subject: No subject 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
=o: Greg Wyler 
CC: 
?? if elon is not funding hirw are you getting it done? 
EFTA_R1_01775293 
EFTA02592397

please=note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential= may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, =nd is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of=br>JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication=or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you =ave received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately =y 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com= target=> , and 
destroy this communic=tion and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all =ights reserved 
=br> 
=C2 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is=br>confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute insi=e information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is=the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of thisar>communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be u=lawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify=us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeeva=ation@gmail.com> , and 
destr=y this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments.=copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
=C2 
please note 
The informat=on contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-cli=nt privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only =or the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthoriz=d use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof =s strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this 
return e-mail o= by e-mail to j=evacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this 
communication and all copies =hereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved </=iv> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01775294 
EFTA02592398
