# EFTA02441772

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: elon musk

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | Jeevacation <jeevacation(gmail.com> |
| **To** | Al seckel |
| **Sent** | Thursday, n , : : 4 PM |
| **Subject** | could you give me a list of who you think would enjoy a get together in Florida„ smart , out of the box types EFTA_R1_01516470 EFTA02441776 |
| **Cross-refs** | maxwell, party |

---

## Context Excerpts

> head). I can think of more names if I put my mind to it, but lets start here: I am happy to discuss anyone here Nathan Mhyrvold *Catherine Mohr *Jay Walker Christof Koch *Terry Sejnowski Danny Hillis *Bran Ferren Vilamur Ramachandran Lisa Randall Frances Arnold Jesse Dylan Larry Page Elon Musk Stephen Wolfram Steve Juvertson *Pablo Ho Jaron Lanier Craig Venter paul Kirkaas EFTA_R1_01516469 EFTA02441775 Yossi Vardi *Eric Mjolsness *Mike Douglas Dean Kamen *Shelly Glashow *Derrick Ashong James Cameron *Ronald Crowley *Jeffrey Lehman Christine Maxwell *Brock Pierce *Rich

---

## Full Email Text

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteiteyacationagmail.comj 
From: 
AI seckel 
Sent 
Sat 4/18/2009 3:53:52 PM 
Subject Re: I'm up. Call when you wish. 
Fun and smart is perfect, and then the emphasis doesn't just have to be on the useful and 
practical. 
This would alter my suggestions that I sent somewhat. 
Just off the top of my head, I could help arrange this event to be unique, interesting and way fun. 
There needs to be an element of play. 
My suggestion would be do create an event which makes the social networking far easier, take it 
off the egos, and makes it more fun and experiential, so that the normal groupings of individuals 
who know each other are immediately broken down, and there is full and fertile cross-
pollinization. 
Also, given the nature of this, potential attendees would give a lot of creative thought to 
"wowing" the audience. 
Evening fun ideas (this is in addition to a program): 
First day 
One idea would be that everyone is required to bring an "interesting object." They will need to go 
before the group and give a I minute presentation of why their object is interesting. People would 
enjoy this, and you will see some fun things, but it is not a competition. 
Second day 
"Speed to Cool" The idea is to have presentations where you get the audience to say "cool" or 
"wow" in as little time as possible. Again, people would see and hear some fun things. 
Got to run to a meeting, will talk later. ;-) 
From: Jeffrey E stein <'eeyacation 
mail.com> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Saturday, April 18, 2009 8:34:26 AM 
Subject: Re: I'm up. Call when you wish. 
i tired „ sorry 
On Sat, Apr 18, 2009 at 9:37 AM, Al seckel 
wrote: 
I tried calling but got your machine. 
Call when you wish: 
EFTA_R1_01516466 
EFTA02441772

From: Jeffrey 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Friday, 
n 
, 
1: 
Subject: Re: A little thought to thinkers... 
im in from 9 ny time what works for you 
On Fri, Apr 17, 2009 at 4:46 PM, Al seckel 
wrote: 
I am at a meeting from 9 - 12 pm. pa. Either before or after will work. Let me know what's 
best for you. 
From: Jeffreya
riiiiiiri
n
scp
i l
m> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent Friday, April 17, 2009 1:44:03 PM 
Subject: Re: A little thought to thinkers... 
tomorrow 
On Fri, Apr 17, 2009 at 2:58 PM, Al seckel 
wrote: 
Are you available to talk about this some more? 
What would you like to come out of this? 
Is there a focus? 
Do you want some really fun smart people too? 
From: Jeeyac 
< 
a 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Friday, April 17, 2009 10:22:09 AM 
Subject: Re: A little thought to thinkers... 
I agree 
Sent from my iPhonc 
On Apr 17, 2009, at 1:17 PM, Al seckel 
wrote: 
Jeff; 
Good to talk to you this morning on this subject, as it is one I am entirely comfortable 
EFTA_R1_01516467 
EFTA02441773

with. ;-) 
The list I sent you yesterday has the criteria of thinkers, out of the box. These arc amongst 
the very brightest people that I know, where I enjoy listening to them, and they 
say insightful things along with a deep understanding of the subject matter. 
Intellectual judgment along with intellectual ability. The two don't always go 
hand-in-hand. This is also a list of people who have a certain type of 
intelligence, but may not necessarily have social intelligence, i.e, they are a bit 
awkward. 
Jay is incredibly skilled socially compared to some of the people on this list. Just fyi. I 
personally am not bothered by social awkwardness, but this is your thing, and 
you would like a good mix, and that is understandable. Criteria will just be 
different then. 
You brought up Jay. This is a good example. Jay does listen, and then tends to offer up his 
own views. I very much enjoy interacting with Jay, and he is a close friend, and 
although I may not always agree with him, he does always offer up ideas that 
are interesting and worth thinking about. That's why I put him on the list. He 
has a certain way he maps the world and he is also very well read and informed. 
This is not an argument about Jay, just why I put him on the list. I would also 
put Nathan in the same category as Jay. Doesn't listen much, pontificates, don't 
always agree with what he says, but he tends to say things that are provocative 
and interesting. He has an interesting way of mapping the world too, and is well 
read and informed. I enjoy bantering with both of them, and count them as real 
friends that I have known and hung out with for many years. 
Some of the names listed are titans of intellectual ego. Steven Wolfram being amongst the 
worst of them. Others are very shy and socially and fashion awkward, but are 
amongst the very brightest and informed that I know, and will run intellectual 
circles around some of the names on this list. 
I very much like the idea of your asking people on this list to contribute names of the ten 
"brightest" people that they know. This list would provide an excellent set of 
references. 
Please note, that although I have a diversity of thinkers, I have distinctly avoided people 
who map the world in a magical way, and would encourage us to avoid 
"magical thinkers." 
EFTA_R1_01516468 
EFTA02441774

From: Jeevacation <jeevacation(gmail.com>
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Friday, April 17, 2009 5:16:16 AM 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Sent from my iPhonc 
On Apr 16, 2009, at 6:33 PM, Al seckel 
wrote: 
Anyone you don't know on an immediate list, ask me or google 
them. All are good friends of mine for years, but these very high 
end circles travel together, so you should be very familiar with 
almost all of them. And, a few that you don't know, are off the 
charts, and in some respects smarter than the ones that are 
familiar... ;-) They just didn't seek the limelight. I have marked 
these people with an asterisk. Not everyone on this list is a 
scientist. 
There is no order to this list (this is a cross-section off the top of my head). I can 
think of more names if I put my mind to it, but lets start here: 
I am happy to discuss anyone here 
Nathan Mhyrvold 
*Catherine Mohr 
*Jay Walker 
Christof Koch 
*Terry Sejnowski 
Danny Hillis 
*Bran Ferren 
Vilamur Ramachandran 
Lisa Randall 
Frances Arnold 
Jesse Dylan 
Larry Page 
Elon Musk 
Stephen Wolfram 
Steve Juvertson 
*Pablo Ho 
Jaron Lanier 
Craig Venter 
paul Kirkaas 
EFTA_R1_01516469 
EFTA02441775

Yossi Vardi 
*Eric Mjolsness 
*Mike Douglas 
Dean Kamen 
*Shelly Glashow 
*Derrick Ashong 
James Cameron 
*Ronald Crowley 
*Jeffrey Lehman 
Christine Maxwell 
*Brock Pierce 
*Rich Roberts 
*Lee Stein 
*Gerry Sussman 
*John Conway 
Dan Dubno (just because he is very interesting) 
Front: Jeffreyiagailies_
i n
il
m> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Thursday, April 16, 2009 2:56:34 PM 
Subject: Re: 
of course 
On Thu, Apr 16, 2009 at 5:55 PM, Al seckel 
wrote: 
Ah, you have actually asked my speciality. Seriously. Ok, different 
disciplines and business too? 
Front: Jeffrey E 
eln < e v 
ti n a n 
om> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Thursday, 
n , 
: : 4 PM 
Subject: 
could you give me a list of who you think would enjoy a get together in Florida„ 
smart , out of the box types 
EFTA_R1_01516470 
EFTA02441776
