# EFTA02487260

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: musk

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | =/b>Kimbal Musk |
| **To** |  |
| **CC** | Chuck Trout Hey I wanted to personally invite you to The Kitchen Community's =nnual fundraiser during the Restaurant High Conference on October 14 in =os Angeles. It will be an awesome event and I'd love for =ou to be there. You can get your tickets here. Chuck is in charge =f the list if you have questions. Hope you can make it! Best. Kimbal EFTA_R1_01606713 EFTA02487260 |
| **Sent** | September 18, 2015 at 7:27:16 PM EDT |
| **Subject** | =/b>TKC Fundraiser in =A: October 14 |
| **Cross-refs** | party, money |

---

## Context Excerpts

> From: Sent: Saturday, Octo To: jeffrey E. Subject: Fwd: TKC Fundraiser in LA October 14 So sad I'm missing you in NY. I'll be =ack when you said though to start up accutane. Kimbal invited me =o this below, what do you think? Begin forwarded message: From: =/b>Kimbal Musk Subject: =/b>TKC Fundraiser in =A: October 14 Date: September 18, 2015 at 7:27:16 PM EDT To: Cc: Chuck Trout Hey I wanted to personally invite you to The Kitchen Community's =nnual fundraiser during the Restaurant High Conference on October 14 in =os Angeles. It will be an awesome event and

---

## Full Email Text

From: 
Sent: 
Saturday, Octo 
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Fwd: TKC Fundraiser in LA October 14 
So sad I'm missing you in NY. I'll be =ack when you said though to start up accutane. Kimbal invited me =o this below, 
what do you think? 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: =/b>Kimbal Musk 
Subject: =/b>TKC Fundraiser in =A: October 14 
Date: September 18, 2015 at 7:27:16 PM EDT 
To: 
Cc: Chuck Trout 
Hey 
I wanted to personally invite you to The Kitchen Community's =nnual fundraiser during the Restaurant High 
Conference on October 14 in =os Angeles. It will be an awesome event and I'd love for =ou to be there. 
You can get your tickets here. Chuck is in charge =f the list if you have questions. Hope you can make it! 
Best. 
Kimbal 
EFTA_R1_01606713 
EFTA02487260
