# EFTA02517370

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: elon

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | "jeffrey E." |
| **To** | Greg Wyler |
| **CC** | ?? if elon is not funding how are you getting it done? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeev=cation@gmail.com anailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved =C2 please note The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for JEE Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to jeevacafion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof:, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved </=iv> EFTA_R1_01652623 EFTA02517370 |
| **Sent** | Wednesday, October 1, 2014 12:59 PM |
| **Subject** | No subject |
| **Cross-refs** | money |

---

## Context Excerpts

> be less than 100 On Wed, Oct 1, =014 at 8:55 AM, Greg Wyler > wrote: He has not decided he is not funding. He has s=id he would invest or buy it. I have several other lead investors, so ther= will be a few. Original Message Subject: No subject From: "jeffrey E." To: Greg Wyler CC: ?? if elon is not funding how are you getting it done? please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosur

---

## Full Email Text

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 1, 2014 12:59 PM 
To: 
Greg Wyler 
Subject: 
Re: No subject 
NOT again. . take someone in who can manage th= finance piece. otherwise the next bid will be less than 100 
On Wed, Oct 1, =014 at 8:55 AM, Greg Wyler 
> wrote: 
He has not decided he is not funding. He has s=id he would invest or buy it. I have several other lead investors, so ther= 
will be a few. 
 
Original Message 
Subject: No subject 
From: "jeffrey E." 
To: Greg Wyler 
CC: 
?? if elon is not funding how are you getting it done? 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, 
disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have 
received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeev=cation@gmail.com anailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
=C2 
please note 
The information co=tained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client pr=vileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for 
JEE 
Unauthorized use= disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is str=ctly prohibited and may be 
unlawful. If you have received this commu=ication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e=mail to 
jeevacafion@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof:, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
</=iv> 
EFTA_R1_01652623 
EFTA02517370
