# EFTA02702508

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: musk

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** |  |
| **To** |  |
| **Sent** |  |
| **Subject** |  |
| **Cross-refs** | trump, island, flight, tech, money |

---

## Context Excerpts

> ines could think, and offers some suggestions on how to approach achiev- ing mechanical thought. To the objection that only souls can think, Turing asks whether God lacks the power the grant souls to machines. To the objection "I hope not," Baring turns away—though today thinkers like Hawking, Musk, and Gates embrace the fear. To the objection that Godel took care of that for us. TUr- ing points out that G0del took care of only a specific form of incompleteness, which might not be relevant, and besides. why are humans immune from it? To the objection that ma- chines have certain disabiliti

> at a topic based on a set of words suggested to it. In Spring 20151 was demoing InkWell to a former long- time colleague; he asked me "can you ask it to write a haiku about this: blues guitar and loud music." I asked InkWell to write five poems, and this was one of them: 7 tuned adrenalin my musk, a beat•boogled heedful I believe this is...well, you decide. CG pointed out one that seemed funny—"the powerful head." DC commented on it as follows: Those words are all deadly—potentially deadly. Unpo- etic, right? They're abstract. Who ever has used "cogni- tion" in a poem? There are some w

---

## Full Email Text

"in the control room of the banquet" 
Richard P. Gabriel 
IBM Research 
Abstract 
The Turing Test, AI, programming, creativity, and mystery. 
Categories and Subject Descriptors D.2.10 [Software Engi-
neering, Designl; D.3.0 [Programming Languages, General]; 
1.2.7 (Artificial Intelligence, Natural Language Processing 
General Terms Artificial Intelligence, Natural Language 
Processing 
Keywords Science; programming; natural language generation 
I am writing this essay because I am puzzled. In July 2015 
I took eighteen haiku-like poems to a writers' conference 
and presented them as my own work. In reality, a program 
I created called "Inkwell" wrote them, and I intended to 
execute a variant of the Thring Test. The results were better 
than I had hoped for in verifying InkWell as a good poet, but 
I was left with disquiet about what the experience meant for 
understanding the Turing Test, programming, the artificial 
intelligence research program, and what consciousness is. 
In the Winter of 2014 I programmed my English language 
revision system [1] to write haiku—just to see whether it 
could do so plausibly. I let the system run overnight generat-
ing about 2000 haiku. Among them were the four at the top 
of the next column. They stopped me in my tracks because 
the quick program I wrote was not of the monkeys typing 
at keyboards variety—instead I programmed the system to 
determine its own topic and then write coherently about it 
using a few dozen haiku templates as starting points. And 
Permisslon to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work (or petsonal or 
classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies art not made or distrib• 
toed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full 
citation on the first page. Copyrights for components of this work owned by others 
than the author must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To con 
otherwise. or republish. to post on servers or to redistribute to lists, requires prior 
specific permission andfor a fee. Request permissions from permissionseacm.org, 
ChswardS14. October 20-2a.201OrPorthodrOvegotRUSA. 
Consightithekibyths es. h.,.. 
..sou.., 
lh...,.dtu ACM. 
A04970-1-1503-25tertrlittInAl0. 
hurifdx.dotorgil0.1145r266ttifir2661I55-
deep in the dark—
the power of snow 
walking in the deepness 
scrupulous in the twilight—
the price of gold chases 
the way of the world in power 
awake In the dark—
the edge of the water can 
spread in your presence 
time of life issue: 
a bird of prey pulls up 
out of the way into the palm 
those four haiku are good—not just human-like, but good 
poetry with two of them close to being exceptional. I worked 
on the system more over the next six months, broadening 
and expanding the template language to give more control 
to InkWell, deepening its understanding of language and 
the music of language, and adding more observations Ink-
Well could make of its drafts and along with them more 
revisions. Over those months InkWell produced a lot more 
haiku, and I selected fourteen of them to add to the above 
four for a Turing Test. 
In October 1950, the British journal Mind published an 
essay by Alan M. Turing titled, "Computing Machinery 
and Intelligence," in which Turing proposed an operational 
definition for "intelligence" [2]. This definition would come 
to be called "the Turing Test." Turing himself called it "the 
imitation game," in which a questioner separated from two 
contestants would submit questions to those contestants. 
read their replies, and ultimately choose one as human and 
the other as machine. 
Interestingly, Thring introduced this game with a similar 
but different one in which the interrogator was to attempt to 
determine the gender of two contestants, one male the other 
female. Interesting because Turing was homosexual and 
perhaps accustomed to such an imitation game. But in the 
matter of intelligence, such an operational definition made 
some sense. Thring wrote the following: 
May not machines carry out something which ought 
to be described as thinking but which is very different 
from what a man does? This objection is a very strong 
one, but at least we can say that if nevertheless, a ma-
EFTA_R1_02074939 
EFTA02702508

chine can be constructed to play the imitation game 
satisfactorily, we need not be troubled by this objection. 
-Turing, Computing Machinery and Intelligence, 1950 
The Turing Test is at (or near) the heart of the research 
program called artificial intelligence. In my youth I described 
artificial intelligence research as an exercise in trying to write 
programs one doesn't know how to write—at least for engi-
neering-type Al research. Some of us generalized this to the 
idea of "exploratory programming: in which one had a gen-
eral sense of what the program should do, and only a partially 
formulated idea of how to achieve it. In recent years the idea 
of what programming is has drifted away from including this 
view toward specifiable. routine. infrastructurish programs 
and systems. i've heard this referred to as the static-verse. in a 
famous debate / discussion, Michael Polanyi and Alan Turing 
talked about whether the mind / the brain was unspecifiable 
or merely not-yet specified [3]. And what would an incorrect 
but Thring-Test-passing system be? 
In his discussion of how the imitation game might go in 
the computer version, Thring wrote this as the first example 
of a question in the game: 
Q: Please write inc a sonnet on the subject of the Forth 
Bridge. 
A: Count me out on this one. I never could write poetry. 
-Turing, Computing Machinery and Intelligence, 1950 
In the Summer of 20151 attended the Warren Wilson Alum-
ni Writing Conference, which is held annually for graduates 
of the Warren Wilson MFA program. i am such a graduate. 
in poetry. The conference was held at Lewis & Clark College 
in Portland, Oregon. The week was unusually hot and humid 
for Portland, and this physical difficulty was reflected in an 
edginess to the conference. My plan was threefold: read the 
eighteen haiku aloud on the first night of the conference to all 
attendees: participate a few days later in a writers' workshop 
as the writer of those eighteen haiku; and on the final day of 
the conference, give a lecture entitled "is My Program a Better 
Writer than You?" The abstract for that lecture was as follows: 
I've been working on a program that thinks like a 
poet and produces nice stuff. I'll show you how it works 
and why it's not like the kinds of progmms that do your 
banking or predict the weather. But everything I'll talk 
about is really about writing. 
i read on Sunday night. After the reading a few of the writers 
came up to me and commented on my reading. My reading 
was short because the poems were short—and the attendees 
knew i didn't normally write haiku. Their comments includ-
ed these: "terse condensations: "evocative: "took the top of 
my head or "funny and profound: "natural, personal, and 
2 
rhythmic: "compact fluid energy: 'wry and elliptical: and 
"whimsical elegance." 
I didn't consider this as evidence that InkWell passed the 
Turing Test. it was the first day of the conference and people 
were jet-lagged and not entirely prepared for the rigors of 
the conference; and my reading took about four minutes of 
an allocated ten. Most writers stretched their reading time at 
least a little, thus my short reading of short pieces stood out 
as energetic and sudden. I was still uncertain whether the 
hint was noticed—the hint contained in the title and abstract 
for my lecture. 
Here is what a haiku is: 
A haiku in English is a very short poem in the Eng-
lish language, following to a greater or lesser extent the 
form and style of the Japanese haiku. A typical haiku 
is a three-line, quirky observation about a fleeting mo-
ment involving nature. 
-Wikipedia 141 
For many, the quintessential haiku poet is Basho in the 17" 
century; an exemplar of his haiku is the following 151: 
On a withered branch 
A crow has alighted: 
Nightfall in autumn. 
The nature of haiku is complex and has changed over the 
centuries—time and place are still essential: counting on is 
not (some mistakenly conflate on and syllables). 
InkWell is a small program (about 45,000 lines of Common 
Lisp code), but it has a lot of data (about 15gb when all the 
dictionaries, databases, and tables are loaded). Turing wrote 
"I should be surprised if more than 10' [binary digits] was re-
quired for satisfactory playing of the imitation game." InkWell 
has more than 10". InkWell "knows" a lot about words, per-
sonality, sentiment, word noise, rhythm, connotations, and 
writing. Its vocabulary is probably more than five times larger 
than yours, gentle reader. The core engine works by taking a 
template in a domain-specific writing language along with a 
set of about fifty writing-related parameters and constraints, 
a description of a writer to imitate, and other hints, and com-
piles all that into an optimization problem which the writing 
engine works to find a good way to express what the template 
and constraints specify. Although some parts of InkWell were 
created through machine learning, the overall approach is 
optimization, not machine-learned transformations. 
The primary research question is to try to isolate and codify 
what separates information transfer from beautiful writing. 
Here is an example of information transfer: 
EFTA_R1_02074940 
EFTA02702509

The summer homes on Long Island were closed. Tonight 
I watched a ferry begin its crossing to Connecticut. The 
moon was rising, and as it rose I thought about how the 
houses are not part of the natural world and what the 
island looked like to early Dutch sailors coming upon 
it—like something new. 
And here is how F. Scott Fitzgerald wrote "the same thing" in 
`The Great Gatsby" (6J: 
Most of the big shore places were closed now and there 
were hardly any lights except th