# EFTA02517381

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: elon

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | "jeffrey E." |
| **To** | Greg Wyler |
| **CC** | <=r>?? if elon is not funding how are you getting it done= please note The information c=ntained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client p=ivileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only forthe use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized us=, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is st=ictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this comm=nication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by =-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including a=l attachments. copyright -all rights reserved EFTA_R1_01652634 EFTA02517381 please note The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <=div> 2 EFTA_R1_01652635 EFTA02517382 |
| **Sent** | Wednesday, October 0=, 2014 8:59 AM |
| **Subject** | Re: No subject<=:p> NOT again. . take someone in who can manage the f=nance piece. otherwise the next bid will be less than 100=/p On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 8:55 AM, Greg Wyler wrote: He has not decided he is not funding. H= has said he would invest or buy it. I have several other lead investors, =o there will be a few. <=div> Original Message Subjec=: No subject |
| **Cross-refs** | money |

---

## Context Excerpts

> From: Greg Wyler Sent: Wednesday, October 1, 2014 1:19 PM To: Jeffrey E. Subject: RE: No subject I obvious=y suck at this (actually I have a signed agreement with Elon but at the la=t minute before funding he wanted to see if he could buy it or if we could=bring in others). From:</=> jeff=ey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] Sent: Wednesday, October 0=, 2014 8:59 AM To: Greg Wyler Subject: Re: No subject<=:p> NOT again. . take someone in who can manage the

> 100=/p On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 8:55 AM, Greg Wyler wrote: He has not decided he is not funding. H= has said he would invest or buy it. I have several other lead investors, =o there will be a few. <=div> Original Message Subjec=: No subject From: "jeffrey E." To: Greg Wyler CC: <=r>?? if elon is not funding how are you getting it done= please note The information c=ntained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client p=ivileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only forthe use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized us=, disclosu

---

## Full Email Text

From: 
Greg Wyler 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 1, 2014 1:19 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
RE: No subject 
I obvious=y suck at this (actually I have a signed agreement with Elon but at the la=t minute before funding he wanted to 
see if he could buy it or if we could=bring in others). 
From:</=> jeff=ey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] 
Sent: Wednesday, October 0=, 2014 8:59 AM 
To: Greg Wyler 
Subject: Re: No subject<=:p> 
NOT again. . take someone in who can manage the f=nance piece. otherwise the next bid will be less than 100=/p 
On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 8:55 AM, Greg Wyler 
wrote: 
He has not decided he is not funding. H= has said he would invest or buy it. I have several other lead investors, 
=o there will be a few. 
<=div> 
 
Original Message 
Subjec=: No subject 
From: "jeffrey E." 
To: Greg Wyler 
CC: 
<=r>?? if elon is not funding how are you getting it done= 
please note 
The information c=ntained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client p=ivileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only forthe use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized us=, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is st=ictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
comm=nication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by =-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including a=l attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01652634 
EFTA02517381

please note 
The information contained in this co=munication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may c=nstitute inside 
information, and is intended only for the use of the ad=ressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or 
co=ying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibitedand may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error,=please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com</=>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including =11 attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<=div> 
2 
EFTA_R1_01652635 
EFTA02517382
