# EFTA02651006

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: elon, tesla

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | Gianni Serazzi |
| **To** | jeffrey E. |
| **Sent** | Tuesday, May 2, |
| **Subject** | Re: Market... We can talk about it if you want. Thx<=div> On May 2, 2017 11:44 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: inve=tment ? Ciao Je=f, I hope all is great. Let me know if you get to Monaco anytime soon!=ln the meantime if useful -Luxury companies continue to grow, Ch=na mainland is 8 months that is growing aggressively. EM in general and As=a great, EU and US OK. US slowing in April -Have a cool investme=t if you want to talk about it. Sizeable (- 100M), cannot do by myself -Tech getting expensive. Several friends are trying to hedge their po=itions and they work in these companies. Big internal pressure not to sell=their stock (bonus cut etc) -Tesla stock cannot be explained by =eople that work in Tesla... Managers getting upset with Elon's big ann=uncements on timing etc when they are not approved internally Thx please note The=information contained in this communication is confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is inten=ed only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE U=authorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part=thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have receive= this communication in error, please notify us immediately by EFTA_R1_01892083 EFTA02651006 return=e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and al= copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reser=ed 2 EFTA_R1_01892084 EFTA02651007 |
| **Cross-refs** | tech, money |

---

## Context Excerpts

> d US OK. US slowing in April -Have a cool investme=t if you want to talk about it. Sizeable (- 100M), cannot do by myself -Tech getting expensive. Several friends are trying to hedge their po=itions and they work in these companies. Big internal pressure not to sell=their stock (bonus cut etc) -Tesla stock cannot be explained by =eople that work in Tesla... Managers getting upset with Elon's big ann=uncements on timing etc when they are not approved internally Thx please note The=information contained in this communication is confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may constitute

> f you want to talk about it. Sizeable (- 100M), cannot do by myself -Tech getting expensive. Several friends are trying to hedge their po=itions and they work in these companies. Big internal pressure not to sell=their stock (bonus cut etc) -Tesla stock cannot be explained by =eople that work in Tesla... Managers getting upset with Elon's big ann=uncements on timing etc when they are not approved internally Thx please note The=information contained in this communication is confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is inten=ed only for the use

> (- 100M), cannot do by myself -Tech getting expensive. Several friends are trying to hedge their po=itions and they work in these companies. Big internal pressure not to sell=their stock (bonus cut etc) -Tesla stock cannot be explained by =eople that work in Tesla... Managers getting upset with Elon's big ann=uncements on timing etc when they are not approved internally Thx please note The=information contained in this communication is confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is inten=ed only for the use of the addressee. It is the property

---

## Full Email Text

From: 
Gianni Serazzi 
Sent: 
Tuesday, May 2,
To: 
jeffrey E. 
Subject: 
Re: Market... 
We can talk about it if you want. 
Thx<=div> 
On May 2, 2017 11:44 AM, "jeffrey E." <jeevacation@gmail.com> wrote: 
inve=tment ? 
Ciao Je=f, 
I hope all is great. Let me know if you get to Monaco anytime soon!=ln the meantime if useful 
-Luxury companies continue to grow, Ch=na mainland is 8 months that is growing aggressively. EM in 
general and As=a great, EU and US OK. US slowing in April 
-Have a cool investme=t if you want to talk about it. Sizeable (- 100M), cannot do by myself 
-Tech getting expensive. Several friends are trying to hedge their po=itions and they work in these 
companies. Big internal pressure not to sell=their stock (bonus cut etc) 
-Tesla stock cannot be explained by =eople that work in Tesla... Managers getting upset with Elon's big 
ann=uncements on timing etc when they are not approved internally 
Thx 
please note 
The=information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be att=rney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is inten=ed only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
U=authorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part=thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have receive= this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
EFTA_R1_01892083 
EFTA02651006

return=e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and al= copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reser=ed 
2 
EFTA_R1_01892084 
EFTA02651007
