# EFTA02412893

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: elon musk

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | Jeffrey E stein <'e va ion m i > |
| **To** | Al seckel |
| **Sent** | Thursday, April 16, 2009 2:52:54 PM |
| **Subject** | could you give me a list of who you think would enjoy a get together in florida„ smart , out of the box types EFTA_R1_01474664 EFTA02412894 |
| **Cross-refs** | epstein, maxwell |

---

## Context Excerpts

> head). I can think of more names if I put my mind to it, but lets start here: I am happy to discuss anyone here Nathan Mhyrvold *Catherine Mohr *Jay Walker Christof Koch *Terry Sejnowski Danny Hillis *Bran Ferren Vilamur Ramachandran Lisa Randall Frances Arnold Jesse Dylan Larry Page Elon Musk Stephen Wolfram EFTA_R1_01474663 EFTA02412893 Steve Juvertson *Pablo Ho Jaron Lanier Craig Venter paul Kirkaas Yossi Vardi *Eric Mjolsness *Mike Douglas Dean Kamen *Shelly Glashow *Derrick Ashong James Cameron *Ronald Crowley *Jeffrey Lehman Christine Maxwell *Brock Pierce *Rich

---

## Full Email Text

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueeyacationagmail.comj 
From: 
Al seckel 
Sent 
Thur 4/16/2009 11:01:55 PM 
Subject: Re: 
Add: 
Baron Van Reichart (believe it or not that's his name) 
Also, 
Michael Robertson 
From: Jeffrey Epstein < eemcation©gmail.com> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Thursday, April 16, 2009 3:39:32 PM 
Subject: Re: 
thanks, i will research 
On Thu, Apr 16, 2009 at 6:33 PM, Al seckel a 
wrote: 
Anyone you don't know on an immediate list, ask me or google them. All are good friends of 
mine for years, but these very high end circles travel together, so you should be very familiar 
with almost all of them. And, a few that you don't know, are off the charts, and in some 
respects smarter than the ones that are familiar... ;-) They just didn't seek the limelight. I have 
marked these people with an asterisk. Not everyone on this list is a scientist. 
There is no order to this list (this is a cross-section off the top of my head). I can think of more 
names if I put my mind to it, but lets start here: 
I am happy to discuss anyone here 
Nathan Mhyrvold 
*Catherine Mohr 
*Jay Walker 
Christof Koch 
*Terry Sejnowski 
Danny Hillis 
*Bran Ferren 
Vilamur Ramachandran 
Lisa Randall 
Frances Arnold 
Jesse Dylan 
Larry Page 
Elon Musk 
Stephen Wolfram 
EFTA_R1_01474663 
EFTA02412893

Steve Juvertson 
*Pablo Ho 
Jaron Lanier 
Craig Venter 
paul Kirkaas 
Yossi Vardi 
*Eric Mjolsness 
*Mike Douglas 
Dean Kamen 
*Shelly Glashow 
*Derrick Ashong 
James Cameron 
*Ronald Crowley 
*Jeffrey Lehman 
Christine Maxwell 
*Brock Pierce 
*Rich Roberts 
*Lee Stein 
*Gerry Sussman 
*John Conway 
Dan Dubno (just because he is very interesting) 
From: Jeffrey E stein < eevacationr6 mail.com> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Thursday, April 16, 2009 2:56:34 PM 
Subject: Re: 
of course 
On Thu, Apr 16, 2009 at 5:55 PM, Al seckel ‹
> wrote: 
Ah, you have actually asked my speciality. Seriously. Ok, different disciplines and business 
too? 
From: Jeffrey E stein <'e va 
ion 
m i 
> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Thursday, April 16, 2009 2:52:54 PM 
Subject: 
could you give me a list of who you think would enjoy a get together in florida„ smart , out of 
the box types 
EFTA_R1_01474664 
EFTA02412894
