# EFTA02442723

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: musk

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | Clarence Arthur |
| **To** | Brice Gordon < |
| **CC** | William Murphy Conversation: Opt ns |
| **Sent** | Thu, 21 May : :4 - 4 |
| **Subject** | Options After many road blocks of Ideas that I thought were going to work, I think what's going to have to happen Is that we'll unfortunatc4y have to speed up the testing of an alternative setup to the mpls network. One of the short term solution that ATT recommended was to setup a high gain antennae to connect to the cellular network and get about one meg to a meg and half so that we can test to see if we're able to engineer a solution that will still provide the services that users currently need. I thought about just getting a local provider on this, but most likely they'll usually want a at least an annual contract. There shouldn't be too much of an Investment and we wont be causing any interruption with current network services that are being utilized. If we can successfully come up with a new design that is agreed upon, and test it, the Idea would be to use the existing circuit that splint uses to bring service over and move forward with the migration from them. The only downside is that the power outage problem will still remain, however we can start there from getting in the necessary bandwidth. We may have to go back to looking at the wireless solution, but I know that given the time frame and the issues that will arise with that, hence pushing forward with the alternative setup to test the speed and network services of the cellular connection. I'm not convinced that this will be able to handle all of the need, but it will serve the purpose In the interim of moving forward. Let me know if we need to get together to discuss the options via conference. Roadblocks: The initial thought of extending the demark Is possible, and would allow a bypass to to the shutdown of services If there was an extended power outage. However, I was told that Innovative will not do it, even if we can split the channels of one of your circuits. However, I think if Cecile puts in a request, things may change on that end, and also in speeding up getting a new circuit if were to just go ahead with a connection from ATT without any wireless, but dont know the details on If that's possible. If Its not we're a bit stuck on getting another data connection in order to test out what we'll need to have in place in order to maintain current network services to then migrate from the current setup. One other option that I wanted to see was to we could get the LS) fiber Into the Char Am office in town where ATT's data connection comes Into the Island. This would have literally brought down the connection time frame Into weeks Instead of the estimated several months. We could then directly hook Into An Pipe, and we'd be good trim there for whatever capadty. Currently the fiber has a run only from one of Innovative's east end location out to the Island, and does not reach into town. This could be solved in that usually if we're able to get into their Nazareth location, they would be able to create a fiber musk and that would loop into their direct runs into Char Am, but once again this is what would be Incredibly costly and time consuming as this would have to bring In WAPA, permits, the whole nine yards of doing digging up the road. We could do an anal run, which would speed up the time, but the cost for this would still be high. there were two more thoughts, but they also were a no no. I think the best use of time now would be to see how we can get a temporary setup and go from there. On Wed, May 20, 2009 at 9:48 PM, Brice Gordon - wrote: > Do we have any updates Please, I'm seeing )EE tomorrow. > Thanks Brice EFTA_R1_01517857 EFTA02442726 End of Forwarded Message End of Forwarded Message EFTA_R1_01517858 EFTA02442727 |
| **Cross-refs** | epstein, island, tech, money |

---

## Context Excerpts

> d be good trim there for whatever capadty. Currently the fiber has a run only from one of Innovative's east end location out to the Island, and does not reach into town. This could be solved in that usually if we're able to get into their Nazareth location, they would be able to create a fiber musk and that would loop into their direct runs into Char Am, but once again this is what would be Incredibly costly and time consuming as this would have to bring In WAPA, permits, the whole nine yards of doing digging up the road. We could do an anal run, which would speed up the time, but the cos

---

## Full Email Text

To: 
J Epsteinueevacation 
mail.com 
Cc: 
Darren Indyke 
From: 
Brice Gordon 
Sent: 
Fri 5/22/2009 3:18:55 PM 
Subject: LSJ Telco/Data 
Title: LSJ Telco/Data FYI, we seemed to have come full circle on this, back to Microwave link to 
deliver service to LSJ. I will review info from Dick Sherwin, VCI and others and will forward a solution 
to you, I will need at least 2-3 weeks. 
Brice 
 
 Forwarded Message 
From: Richard Sherwin < 
Date: Fri, 22 May 2009 06:22:45 -0400 
To: Brice Gordon 
> 
Conversation: Options 
Subject: RE: Options 
Brice, 
I think a direct microwave link from a point of presence on STT would be your best option, if that works. That is, 
you need line of sight from a tower on STT to LSJ. The cost of a direct microwave link using unlicensed 
spectrum, would not be that expensive. That could get you operational quickly and then you can apply for a 
frequency license in a similar band to avoid changing radios. If you can get 45 mbps service from either ATT or 
Sprint, and bring it to a tower on STT, I would estimate that the cost of the equipment would be under $30,000. 
I have pasted a potential product for your review below. 
Establishing a demarc on LSJ would be easy and you could use intelligent switches to power wired and WI Fi 
driven access points across the entire island. The power issue is relatively simple to deal with. A small diesel 
power generator at $25,000 can be placed on both LSJ and STT (provided ATT or Sprint can survive power 
outage) to provide power back up for as long as you can acquire diesel fuel. 
The key issue is what you will need to pay either ATT or Sprint for 45 mbps service and tower space on STT. 
SOLECTEK 
BROADBAND WIRELESS NETWORKS 
How to Buy 
Partners 
<http://www.solectek.com> 
<http://www.solectek.com/howtobuy-us.php> 
<http://www.solectek.com/partner/index.php> 
<http://www.solectek.com/index.php> 
<http://www.solectek.com/products-main.php> 
<http://www.solectek.com/sol.php?page=news> 
<htto://www.solectek.com/solmhp?page=suoport> 
<http://www.solectek.com/sol.php?page=techlib> 
EFTA_R1_01517854 
EFTA02442723

http w\‘‘v.;oIectck.com/sol.php?page=custprof> 
Imp' 
\A V, .soIectck.com/howtobuy-us,php> 
\\ V, \A ‘MICCICI: CO111 SOI- 
plip?pagralliances> 
<http://www.solectek.com/products.php?prod=swexcel&amp:page=feat> 
<http://www.solectek.com/products,php9prod=swexcel&amnage=specs> 
In 
‘vww.solectek.comifiles/pdf/datasheets/SkyWay-Excel.pdf> 
<htto://www.solectek.com/howtobuy-us.php> 
hip WWW.solectek.com/sol.php?pagc = support> 
SkyWay Excel Series 5.8 GHz MIMO 100 Mbps Throughput Link 
Technology Summary 
TT a SkyWay Excel Series. Sotecteks third-generation 5.8 Getz Broadband wireless product line. represents a quantum leap forward in meeting the ever-
increasing needs for backhaul capacity across unlicensed spectrum Gulped:erring others in the Markel. the Excel Series is capable of delwerirc a full 100Mbps 
of usable throughput at long rang* This extraordinary capability is possible through the use of an outdoor grade. 2x2 MIMO (multiple input, multiple out) 
radio system The RF packet transport of the Excel Series is optimized for high capacity links and is capable of presenang the maximum amount of throughput at 
king distances Tired tame aggregation in consinction with SoMmek s HypeirARCr• intelligent packet retransmission makes me most of the Excel MIMO 
architecture and the limited spectrum Quality of Service (OoS) feaaes maim the SkyWay Excel archilectixe afore lagged voice and video traffic to take priority 
over general data packet transfer providing reliable, real-lime capability even under congested link conditions Priority privileges kr marked frames ale 
maintained from port to port: Ethernet through RF Vibth secumy remelting a key consideration in many applications. the Skyway Excel Series delvers 128 bit 
MS encryption / decryption The MS algomhm was selected to be the standard encryption method of the US Government by the National Institute of Standards 
and Technology (NIST). In addition. the Excel Series provides up to two levels of AAA protection through the configurable use of 802 ix/Radius and RF MAC 
authentication. The Excel Series FTP kits are available with integrated 23 dB' antennas external 29 dEli antenna. or conneclonzed with dual N-type RF 
connectors 
EFTA_R1_01517855 
EFTA02442724

Picture 
<http://www.solectek.com/pic.oho?id=swexcel> 
Skyway Excel Senes 
PTP Backheul 
PTP Applications 
Winless carrier / ESP backhaut 
Metro/Core backbone 
Emergency / disaster recovery 
Video/ Surveillance backhaul 
Other Ethernet data transport applications 
Richard J. Sherwin 
Chief Executive Officer 
S of On Networks LLC 
No Wires, No Worries, No Waiting 
The information contained in this transmission may be a confidential communication or may 
otherwise be privileged or confidential. If you are not the intended recipient, please do not 
read, copy, or re-transmit this communication. If you have received this communication in 
error, please notify us by replying to the sender of this message, and delete this message (and 
your reply) and any attachments. Thank you in advance for your cooperation and assistance. 
From: Brice Gordon [mailto• 
Sent: Thursday, May 21, 2009 12:50 PM 
To: Richard Sherwin 
EFTA_R1_01517856 
EFTA02442725

Subject: FW: Options 
FYI 
looks like Microwave Is our only alternative, please let me know your thoughts 
Brice 
 
 Forwarded MesSagcl
,
From: Clarence Arthur 
Date: Thu, 21 May 
: :4 - 4 
To: Brice Gordon < 
Cc: William Murphy 
Conversation: Opt ns 
Subject: Options 
After many road blocks of Ideas that I thought were going to work, I 
think what's going to have to happen Is that we'll unfortunatc4y have 
to speed up the testing of an alternative setup to the mpls network. 
One of the short term solution that ATT recommended was to setup a 
high gain antennae to connect to the cellular network and get about 
one meg to a meg and half so that we can test to see if we're able to 
engineer a solution that will still provide the services that users 
currently need. I thought about just getting a local provider on this, 
but most likely they'll usually want a at least an annual contract. 
There shouldn't be too much of an Investment and we wont be causing 
any interruption with current network services that are being 
utilized. 
If we can successfully come up with a new design that is agreed upon, 
and test it, the Idea would be to use the existing circuit that splint 
uses to bring service over and move forward with the migration from 
them. The only downside is that the power outage problem will still 
remain, however we can start there from getting in the necessary 
bandwidth. 
We may have to go back to looking at the wireless solution, but I know 
that given the time frame and the issues that will arise with that, 
hence pushing forward with the alternative setup to test the speed and 
network services of the cellular connection. I'm not convinced that 
this will be able to handle all of the need, but it will serve the 
purpose In the interim of moving forward. 
Let me know if we need to get together to discuss the options via conference. 
Roadblocks: 
The initial thought of extending the demark Is possible, and would 
allow a bypass to to the shutdown of services If there was an extended 
power outage. However, I was told that Innovative will not do it, 
even if we can split the channels of one of your circuits. However, I 
think if Cecile puts in a request, things may change on that end, and 
also in speeding up getting a new circuit if were to just go ahead 
with a connection from ATT without any wireless, but dont know the 
details on If that's possible. If Its not we're a bit stuck on 
getting another data connection in order to test out what we'll need 
to have in place in order to maintain current network services to then 
migrate from the current setup. 
One other option that I wanted to see was to we could get the LS) 
fiber Into the Char Am office in town where ATT's data connection 
comes Into the Island. This would have literally brought down the 
connection time frame Into weeks Instead of the estimated several 
months. We could then directly hook Into An Pipe, and we'd be good 
trim there for whatever capadty. Currently the fiber has a run only 
from one of Innovative's east end location out to the Island, and 
does not reach into town. This could be solved in that usually if 
we're able to get into their Nazareth location, they would be able to 
create a fiber musk and that would loop into their direct runs into 
Char Am, but once again this is what would be Incredibly costly and 
time consuming as this would have to bring In WAPA, permits, the whole 
nine yards of doing digging up the road. We could do an anal run, 
which would speed up the time, but the cost for this would still be 
high. 
there were two more thoughts, but they also were a no no. I think the 
best use of time now would be to see how we can get a temporary setup 
and go from there. 
On Wed, May 20, 2009 at 9:48 PM, Brice Gordon -
 wrote: 
> Do we have any updates Please, I'm seeing )EE tomorrow. 
> Thanks Brice 
EFTA_R1_01517857 
EFTA02442726

End of Forwarded Message 
End of Forwarded Message 
EFTA_R1_01517858 
EFTA02442727
