# EFTA02412722

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: elon musk

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | Jeffrey E stein <'eevacation mail.com> |
| **To** | Al seckel |
| **Sent** | Thursday, April 16, 2009 2:52:54 PM |
| **Subject** | could you give me a list of who you think would enjoy a get together in florida„ smart , out of the box types EFTA_R1_01474414 EFTA02412723 |
| **Cross-refs** | epstein, maxwell |

---

## Context Excerpts

> head). I can think of more names if I put my mind to it, but lets start here: I am happy to discuss anyone here Nathan Mhyrvold *Catherine Mohr *Jay Walker Christof Koch *Terry Sejnowski Danny Hillis *Bran Ferren Vilamur Ramachandran Lisa Randall Frances Arnold Jesse Dylan Larry Page Elon Musk Stephen Wolfram EFTA_R1_01474413 EFTA02412722 Steve Juvertson *Pablo Ho Jaron Lanier Craig Venter paul Kirkaas Yossi Vardi *Eric Mjolsness *Mike Douglas Dean Kamen *Shelly Glashow *Derrick Ashong James Cameron *Ronald Crowley *Jeffrey Lehman Christine Maxwell *Brock Pierce *Rich

---

## Full Email Text

To: 
Jeevacation[jeevacationegmail.com] 
From: 
Al seckel 
Sent 
Fri 4/17/2009 2:18:24 PM 
Subject: Re: Re: 
There was no message in your email. 
From: Jeevacation Ceevacation© mail.com> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Friday, April 17, 2009 5:16:16 AM 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 16, 2009, at 6:33 PM, Al seckel 
wrote: 
Anyone you don't know on an immediate list, ask me or google them. All are good 
friends of mine for years, but these very high end circles travel together, so you 
should be very familiar with almost all of them. And, a few that you don't know, 
are off the charts, and in some respects smarter than the ones that are familiar... ;-) 
They just didn't seek the limelight. I have marked these people with an asterisk. 
Not everyone on this list is a scientist. 
There is no order to this list (this is a cross-section off the top of my head). I can think of 
more names if I put my mind to it, but lets start here: 
I am happy to discuss anyone here 
Nathan Mhyrvold 
*Catherine Mohr 
*Jay Walker 
Christof Koch 
*Terry Sejnowski 
Danny Hillis 
*Bran Ferren 
Vilamur Ramachandran 
Lisa Randall 
Frances Arnold 
Jesse Dylan 
Larry Page 
Elon Musk 
Stephen Wolfram 
EFTA_R1_01474413 
EFTA02412722

Steve Juvertson 
*Pablo Ho 
Jaron Lanier 
Craig Venter 
paul Kirkaas 
Yossi Vardi 
*Eric Mjolsness 
*Mike Douglas 
Dean Kamen 
*Shelly Glashow 
*Derrick Ashong 
James Cameron 
*Ronald Crowley 
*Jeffrey Lehman 
Christine Maxwell 
*Brock Pierce 
*Rich Roberts 
*Lee Stein 
*Gerry Sussman 
*John Conway 
Dan Dubno (just because he is very interesting) 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com>
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Thursday, Aror.91.
11.tIM 
Subject: Re: 
of course 
On Thu, Apr 16, 2009 at 5:55 PM, Al seckel •Milla> 
wrote: 
Ah, you have actually asked my speciality. Seriously. Ok, different disciplines and 
business too? 
From: Jeffrey E stein <'eevacation 
mail.com> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Thursday, April 16, 2009 2:52:54 PM 
Subject: 
could you give me a list of who you think would enjoy a get together in florida„ smart , 
out of the box types 
EFTA_R1_01474414 
EFTA02412723
