# EFTA02591308

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: elon

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | "jef=rey E." |
| **To** | Greg Wyler |
| **CC** | ?? if elon is no= funding how are you getting it done? 40=A0 please note EFTA_R1_01773748 EFTA02591308 The information contained in this communication i= confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute ins=de information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It i= the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this=br>communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be =nlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notif= us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeev=cation@gmail.com> , and dest=oy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments= copyright -all rights reserved please note<=u> The information contained in this=communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, mayconstitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the=addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or=copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibite= and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in err=r, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<=a>, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including=all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may =e attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is=intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JE= Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or an= part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have r=ceived this communication in error, please notify us immediately by =eturn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 2 EFTA_R1_01773749 EFTA02591309 |
| **Sent** | Wedn=sday, October 01, 2014 8:59 AM |
| **Subject** | No subject |
| **Cross-refs** | money |

---

## Context Excerpts

> ffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Wednesday, October 1, 2014 3:45 PM To: Greg Wyler Subject: Re: No subject who is paying for things currently 2 On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 9:1= AM, Greg Wyler > wrote: <= class="MsoNormal">l obviously suck at this (=ctually I have a signed agreement with Elon but at the last minute before =unding he wanted to see if he could buy it or if we could bring in others)= I signed a binding term sheet with another company that wants to lea=. Hopefully they close by October 31 and we will wrap up the whole thing.<=> <=> From:<=span> jeffrey E. imailtoleevac

> e less than 100 On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 8:55 A., Greg Wyler > wrote: He has not decided he is not funding. He has said he would invest or bu= it. I have several other lead investors, so there will be a few. - Original Message Subject: No subject From: "jef=rey E." To: Greg Wyler CC: ?? if elon is no= funding how are you getting it done? 40=A0 please note EFTA_R1_01773748 EFTA02591308 The information contained in this communication i= confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute ins=de information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It i= the prop

---

## Full Email Text

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 1, 2014 3:45 PM 
To: 
Greg Wyler 
Subject: 
Re: No subject 
who is paying for things currently 
2 
On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 9:1= AM, Greg Wyler 
> wrote: 
<= class="MsoNormal">l obviously suck at this (=ctually I have a signed agreement with Elon but at the last 
minute before =unding he wanted to see if he could buy it or if we could bring in others)= 
I signed a binding term sheet with another company that wants to lea=. Hopefully they close by October 31 and 
we will wrap up the whole thing.<=> 
<=> 
From:<=span> jeffrey E. imailtoleevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gm=il.com> 
Sent: Wedn=sday, October 01, 2014 8:59 AM 
To: Greg Wyler 
Subject:=Re: No subject 
4>=A0 
NOT again. . take som=one in who can manage the finance piece. otherwise the next bid will=be less than 100 
On Wed, Oct 1, 2014 at 8:55 A., Greg Wyler 
> wrote: 
He has not decided he is not funding. He has said he would invest or bu= it. I have several other lead 
investors, so there will be a few. 
- 
Original Message 
Subject: No subject 
From: "jef=rey E." 
To: Greg Wyler 
CC: 
?? if elon is no= funding how are you getting it done? 
40=A0 please note 
EFTA_R1_01773748 
EFTA02591308

The information contained in this communication i= 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute ins=de information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It i= the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this=br>communication or any part thereof is strictly 
prohibited 
and may be =nlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notif= us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeev=cation@gmail.com> , and 
dest=oy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments= copyright -all rights reserved 
please note<=u> 
The information contained in this=communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, mayconstitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the=addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or=copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibite= 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in err=r, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com<=a>, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including=all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may =e attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is=intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JE= 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or an= part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have r=ceived this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
=eturn e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication =nd all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights=reserved 
2 
EFTA_R1_01773749 
EFTA02591309
