# EFTA02566911

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: elon musk, spacex

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation=gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> |
| **To** | Elon Musk |
| **CC** | Lesley Groff; |
| **Sent** | Sunday, February 17, 2013 11:26 AM |
| **Subject** | did your brother tell you about jenns pregnant joke, ? will you be a= ted? The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> <mailto:je=vacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com», and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved EFTA_R1_01732480 EFTA02566911 |
| **Cross-refs** | epstein |

---

## Context Excerpts

> From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, February 19, 2013 11:11 AM To: Elon Musk Cc: Lesley Groff; Subject: Re: great , will do On Mon, Feb 18, 20=3 at 9:50 PM, Elon Musk <elon@spacex.com < > wrote: I will be speaking at TED, but not there for very long. If you would like to talk, it would be best to do so at the SpaceX rocket f=ctory, which is quite close to Long Beac

> From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, February 19, 2013 11:11 AM To: Elon Musk Cc: Lesley Groff; Subject: Re: great , will do On Mon, Feb 18, 20=3 at 9:50 PM, Elon Musk <elon@spacex.com < > wrote: I will be speaking at TED, but not there for very long. If you would like to talk, it would be best to do so at the SpaceX rocket f=ctory, which is quite close to Long Beach. From: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation=gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, F

> I will be speaking at TED, but not there for very long. If you would like to talk, it would be best to do so at the SpaceX rocket f=ctory, which is quite close to Long Beach. From: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation=gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, February 17, 2013 11:26 AM To: Elon Musk Subject: did your brother tell you about jenns pregnant joke, ? will you be a= ted? The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Je

> From: Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Tuesday, February 19, 2013 11:11 AM To: Elon Musk Cc: Lesley Groff; Subject: Re: great , will do On Mon, Feb 18, 20=3 at 9:50 PM, Elon Musk <elon@spacex.com < > wrote: I will be speaking at TED, but not there for very long. If you would like to talk, it would be best to do so at the SpaceX rocket f=ctory, which is quite close to Long Beach. From: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation=gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, February 17, 2

> nt: Tuesday, February 19, 2013 11:11 AM To: Elon Musk Cc: Lesley Groff; Subject: Re: great , will do On Mon, Feb 18, 20=3 at 9:50 PM, Elon Musk <elon@spacex.com < > wrote: I will be speaking at TED, but not there for very long. If you would like to talk, it would be best to do so at the SpaceX rocket f=ctory, which is quite close to Long Beach. From: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation=gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> Sent: Sunday, February 17, 2013 11:26 AM To: Elon Musk Subject: did your brother tell you about jenns pregnant joke, ? will you be a= ted? The information contained

---

## Full Email Text

From: 
Jeffrey Epstein <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Tuesday, February 19, 2013 11:11 AM 
To: 
Elon Musk 
Cc: 
Lesley Groff; 
Subject: 
Re: 
great , will do 
On Mon, Feb 18, 20=3 at 9:50 PM, Elon Musk <elon@spacex.com < 
> wrote: 
I will be speaking at TED, but not there for very long. 
If you would like to talk, it would be best to do so at the SpaceX rocket f=ctory, which is quite close to Long Beach. 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [jeevacation=gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: Sunday, February 17, 2013 11:26 AM 
To: Elon Musk 
Subject: 
did your brother tell you about jenns pregnant joke, ? will you be a= ted? 
The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeev=cation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> <mailto:je=vacation@gmail.com 
<mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com», and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. 
copyright -all rights reserved 
The information contained in this c=mmunication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute 
inside information, and is intended only for the use of the a=dressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized 
use, di=closure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictl= prohibited and may be unlawful. If you 
have received this communication in error, p=ease notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to 
jeevacation@gmail.com, =nd destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all 
rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01732480 
EFTA02566911
