# EFTA02682634

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: musk

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** |  |
| **To** |  |
| **Sent** |  |
| **Subject** |  |
| **Cross-refs** | epstein, tech, money |

---

## Context Excerpts

> y support for their efforts. A few individuals already have their salary guaranteed and are willing to participate pro bono, though typically their percent effort would be less than 10% because of other commitments. Program in Neuroscience Mark _Jude Tramo, MD, PhD Director, The Institute for Musk & Brain Science Associate Professor of Neurology, Harvard Medical School & Attending Neurologist, Massachusetts General Hospital Steering Committee, Harvard University Mind/Brain/Behavior Initiative Research Affiliate, Research Laboratory of Electronics, Dept of Electrical Engineering & Computer

---

## Full Email Text

creative Boni 
Mast bide Tr io MD. MD. !Mellor 
liarearrt hrulnr, of %e 
' 
kturssehersette Craned H., n 
'turtling map 
Manor frusals fyr 6, for I 
lssonate 
Sill. Herren+ I 
iffirsale 
**ban S. Fireman, PhD, K
id ( It Hunan 
IL 
bur 
Nea. fox:,, ;.., 
Anne H 
Phu 
Marron, f 
. 
sc. , 
•. . orti. in 
Neurology 
Nemmlogy 
Nichular I Lens..
Manna 1.. 
Pro/cruor 
• 
•' '`&03wY 
Coe
'Ono 
tine ". Lain, 
It. HIE), PhD 
: 
' 
• 
Synces 
lough I. 2. . Kennet. 
of Inil.. Neurology 
.Mau(:mealflop. lour Chief of Chad Neurology 
MGD Carter for Aforyhometric Analysts. flintier 
Statement of Need 
THE INSTITUTE FOR 
MUSIC & BRAIN SCIENCE 
Pllimbdkne Sra,,,ynneWI 
R.n.n,M 
 
02114 C'.
SAN via? al/4e, 
SS4hef sr.
 AGa. 
Executive Summary 
1, 
1:0,41,1 
Fr 6enrl;e Ma tit n. C HE 
UauJII Ht. 
MD 
Sob,' 
folow in 
%IPA 
Cream 
(Wray 
L0111. 
Wads,HAD 
PIN' 
i 
•,rxenµy !OLT 
Denver grAlf
—.=
 
 • u u. r• 
Damn& Director 
R. Brandon Amid. MD 
Apollo Nr. rhea! Parton. .Managing Ihreefor 
Mialati S. Coraaniga. PhD 
Unroof 
, 
• ..f Prrukotogy 
COX., 
threclor 
D.:. %I (..II 
1. 
Swann.. Hanwr. I dn. MT PC 
&Alec r 
World fed, , 
PhD 
Robb., tee 
Inn.
,
 I 
nr.t. wn, MHA 
Tr/ 
Officio 
There is no institution in the world conducting integrated neuroscience, clinical, education, and 
technology research programs that are devoted to establishing: 
• Neuroanatomical, Neurochemical, Neurophysiological, Neuroethological, and Genetic bases of 
humans innate, universal competence for music. 
• The benefits of music and other forms of controlled auditory stimulation in the treatment of: 
Surgical Pain, Cancer Pain, Chronic Pain Syndrome, and other types of pain 
Hypertension, Arrhythmias after Heart Surgery, and other autonomic problems 
Parkinson's Disease, Paralysis after Stroke, and other movement disorders 
Attention Deficit Disorder, Alzheimer's Disease, and other cognitive disorders 
Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, General Anxiety Disorder, and other emotional disorders 
Adverse effects of medically-necessary treatments (e.g., Chemotherapy, Radiation Therapy) 
• The utility of music and other forms of paralinguistic communication for 
Education of school children who arc in the early stages of language and math acquisition 
The large proportion of children with developmental language and math disorders who 
can benefit from paralinguistic cues during learning beyond the early years of language 
acquisition. 
Solution 
Assemble an interdisciplinary team with expertise in cognitive neuroscience, adult and child neurology, 
early education, music, computer science, and product development from academia, the health care 
industry, and the private sector in order to: 
• Found a 49420(3) Private Operating Foundation whose Board members arc affiliated with a major 
university, major medical center, and venture capitalists/entrencurs 
.O200871st Institute for Music & Brain Science 
E FTA_R 1_01997726 
EFTA02682634

02008 The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Proposal: Florida Science Foundation 20081111 
• Conduct basic neuroscience research on neuroanatomical, neurochemical, neurophysiological, 
neuroethological, and genetic bases of humans' innate, universal competence for music using space and 
some resources provided by the affiliated university and major medical center and approved by their 
Institutional Review Boards, and other resources, related overhead, and all research salary and fringe 
paid by our Foundation 
• Conduct rigorous, prospective, longitudinal, randomized-controlled clinical trials of infants, children, 
and adults who are patients being diagnosed and treated at the affiliated major medical center for pain, 
movement disorders, high blood pressure, emotional disorders, cognitive disorders, chremotherapy, 
radiation therapy, and other disorders. 
• Develop and patent treatment protocols and devices in the course of doing the above clinical trials. 
• Conduct rigorous, prospective, longitudinal, randomized-controlled trials of novel educational tools 
for teaching reading and math to elementary school children, beginning with reading programs for 1st 
grade urban schoolchildren that incorporate paralinguistic devices — e.g., prosodic cueing with rhythm, 
rhyme, and assonance — to enhance word recognition, reading speed, and reading comrehension. 
• Develop and patient education protocols and tools in the course of doing the above educational trials. 
• Build the world's first MusicMindBrain Database of behavioral, neural, and genetic data from all 
healthy and sick infants, children, and adults studied during the course of the above basic neuroscience 
research, clinical trials, and educational trials. 
Organization and Expertise 
The following individuals are committed to participating in the research, clinical, and education activities 
of the proposed Private Operating Foundation. All that is needed for their participation is salary 
support for their efforts. A few individuals already have their salary guaranteed and are willing to 
participate pro bono, though typically their percent effort would be less than 10% because of other 
commitments. 
Program in Neuroscience 
Mark _Jude Tramo, MD, PhD 
Director, The Institute for Musk & Brain Science 
Associate Professor of Neurology, Harvard Medical School & Attending Neurologist, Massachusetts General Hospital 
Steering Committee, Harvard University Mind/Brain/Behavior Initiative 
Research Affiliate, Research Laboratory of Electronics, Dept of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science, M.I.T. 
Research Associate, Eaton-Peabody Laboratory of Auditory Physiology, Massachusetts Eyc & Ear Infirmary 
Songwriter Member, ASCAP 
Best Doctors in America®/America's Top Physicians® 
David H. Hubei, MD 
Founding Board Member, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Nobel Laureate in Physiology or Medicine 
John Franklin Enders University Professor, Harvard University 
Founding Member, Harvard Department of Neurobiology 
2 
EFTA_R1_01997727 
EFTA02682635

O2008 The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Proposal: I•lorida Science Foundation 20081111 
Anne Young, MD, PhD 
Founding Board Member, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Chief, Department of Neurology, Massachusetts General Hospital 
Julianne Dom Professor of Neurology, Harvard Medical School 
Louis D. Braida, PhD 
Faculty, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Co-Director, Harvard-ALIT. Speech & Hearing Biosciences & Technology Graduate Studies Program 
Co-Director, Research Laboratory of Electronics, Dept of Electrical Engineering & Computer Science, M.I.T. 
Henry Ellis Warren Professor, Division of Health Sciences & Technology, I larvard Medical School — M.I.T. 
Jennifer IL Mekher, PhD 
Faculty, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Asst Professor of Otology & Laryngology, Harvard Medical School & Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary 
Founding Director, Auditory Neurology Section, Eaton-Peabody Laboratory of Auditory Physiology, Massachusetts Eye & 
Ear Infirmary 
Research Associate, Itlartinos Center for Biomedical Imaging, Massachusetts General Hospital 
Research Scientist, Auditory Neuroscience Program, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
David Kennedy, PhD 
Faculty, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Director of Programmatic Development, Center for Morphometric Analysis, Massachusetts General Hospital 
Assoc Professor of Neurology and of Radiology, Harvard Medical School 
Nikos Makris, MD, PhD 
Faculty, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Co-Director, Center for Morphometric Analysis, Massachusetts General Hospital 
Asst Professor of Neurology, Harvard Medical School & Massachusetts General Hospital 
Katherine B. Sims, MD 
Director, Neurogenetics Laboratory, Massachusetts General Hospital 
Assoc Professor of Neurology, Harvard Medical School & Massachusetts General Hospital 
Winnic Xin, PhD 
Neurogenetics Laboratory, Massachusetts General Hospital 
Sarthak Misra, MD 
Research Associate, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Andrew Dykstra, BS, MS 
Graduate Student, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Graduate Student, Hansard-ALIT. Speech & Hearing Biosciences & Technology Graduate Studies Program 
Matthew Serna 
Undergraduate Student, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Undergraduate Student, 
Dept of Brain & Cognitive Sciences 
James Symons 
Undergraduate Student, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Undergraduate Student, Berklee College of Music 
Alexis Dale 
Undergraduate Student, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Undergraduate Student, Undergraduate Student, M.I.T. Dept of Brain & Cognitive Sciences 
3 
EFTA_R1_01997728 
EFTA02682636

O2008 Thy Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Proposal: 1•lorida Science Foundation 20081111 
Program in Heat/b & Medicine 
Nicholas Zervas, MD, PhD 
Founding Board Member, 'Mc Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Higgins Distinguished Professor of Neurosurgery, Harvard Medical School 
Wiliam Chief of Neurosurgery, Massachusetts General Hospital 
President ex Ode, Boston Symphony Orchestra 
Verne S. Caviness, MD, PhD 
Executive Board, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Joseph & Rose Kennedy Professor of Neurology, Harvard Medical School 
Chief, Division of Pediatric Neurology, Dept of Neurology, Massachusetts General Hospital 
Director, Center for Morphomtric Analysis, Massachusetts General Hospital 
Steering Committee, Harvard University Mind/Brain/Behavior Initiative 
Jonathan H. Cronin, MD 
Faculty, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Chief, Division of Perinatology, Massachusetts General Hospital for Children 
Director, Newborn Intensive Care Unit 
Associate Professor of Perinatology, Harvard Medical School 
Margaret Settle, RN, MS 
Faculty, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Nurse Manager, Newborn Intensive Care Unit 
Massachusetts General Hospital for Children 
Fred H. Hochberg, MD 
Advisory Board, The Institute for Music & Brain Science 
Founding Director, Music & Medicine Clinic, Massachusetts General Ho