# EFTA02336409

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: elon

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | "Jeffrey E." |
| **To** | Greg Wyler |
| **CC** | ??.=A0 if elon is not funding how are you getting it done? please note The information contained=in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privilege=, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the us= of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, discl=sure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly p=ohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communicatio= in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail t= jeevacation@gm=il.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, i=cluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved <=blockquote> <1=> 40=A0 please note The info=mation contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney=client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended o=ly for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauth=rized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part ther=of is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received thi= communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-ma=l or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and destroy this communication and all cop=es thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 4>=A0 please note The information contained in this communicati=n is 2 EFTA_R1_01296564 EFTA02336410 confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute=inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. =t is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of =his communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may=be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please n=tify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com> , and =estroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 3 EFTA_R1_01296565 EFTA02336411 |
| **Sent** | Wednesday, October 1, 2014 3:47 PM |
| **Subject** | No subj=ct |
| **Cross-refs** | epstein, money |

---

## Context Excerpts

> 47 PM To: Jeffrey Epstein Subject: Re: No subject Me Original Message Subject: Re: No subject =rom: "jeffrey E." To: Greg Wyler CC: who is paying for things currently On We=, Oct 1, 2014 at 9:19 AM, Greg Wyler wr=te: I obv=ously suck at this (actually I have a signed agreement with Elon but at th= last minute before funding he wanted to see if he could buy it or if we c=uld bring in others). I signed a binding term sheet with another comp=ny that wants to lead. Hopefully they close by October 31 and we will wrap=up the whole thing. <=>From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail

> at 8:55 AM, Greg Wyler > wrote: He has not decided he is not funding. He has said=he would invest or buy it. I have several other lead investors, so there w=lI be a few. Original Message 1 EFTA_R1_01296563 EFTA02336409 Subject: No subj=ct From: "Jeffrey E." To: Greg Wyler CC: ??.=A0 if elon is not funding how are you getting it done? please note The information contained=in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privilege=, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the us= of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, discl=

---

## Full Email Text

From: 
Greg Wyler 
Sent: 
Wednesday, October 1, 2014 3:47 PM 
To: 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Subject: 
Re: No subject 
Me 
 
 Original Message 
Subject: Re: No subject 
=rom: "jeffrey E." 
To: Greg Wyler 
CC: 
who is paying for things currently 
On We=, Oct 1, 2014 at 9:19 AM, Greg Wyler 
wr=te: 
I obv=ously suck at this (actually I have a signed agreement with Elon but at th= last minute before funding he 
wanted to see if he could buy it or if we c=uld bring in others). 
I signed a binding term sheet with another comp=ny that wants to lead. Hopefully they close by October 31 and 
we will wrap=up the whole thing. 
<=>From: jeffrey E. [mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com] =br>Sent: Wednesday, October 01, 2014 8:59 AM 
To: Greg Wyl=r 
Subject: Re: No subject 
NOT again.40=A0 . take someone in who can manage the finance piece. otherwi=e the next bid will be less than 
100 
On Wed, =ct 1, 2014 at 8:55 AM, Greg Wyler 
> wrote: 
He has not decided he is not funding. He has said=he would invest or buy it. I have several other lead investors, 
so there w=lI be a few. 
Original Message 
1 
EFTA_R1_01296563 
EFTA02336409

Subject: No subj=ct 
From: "Jeffrey E." 
To: Greg Wyler 
CC: 
??.=A0 if elon is not funding how are you getting it done? 
please note 
The information contained=in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privilege=, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the us= of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, discl=sure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly p=ohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communicatio= in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail t= jeevacation@gm=il.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
i=cluding all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
<=blockquote> 
<1=> 
40=A0 please note 
The info=mation contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney=client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended o=ly for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauth=rized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part ther=of is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received thi= 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-ma=l or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com> , and 
destroy this communication and all cop=es thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
4>=A0 please note 
The information contained in this communicati=n is 
2 
EFTA_R1_01296564 
EFTA02336410

confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute=inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. =t is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of =his 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may=be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please n=tify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com <mailto:=eevacation@gmail.com> , and 
=estroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachm=nts. copyright -all rights reserved 
3 
EFTA_R1_01296565 
EFTA02336411
