# EFTA02438137

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: tesla

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | Jeffrey Epstein |
| **To** | Jeffrey Epstein |
| **Sent** | Thu Oct 08 05:53:26 2009 |
| **Subject** | test *********************************************************** The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationagmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. EFTA_R1_01511184 EFTA02438137 The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of Jeffrey Epstein Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to ice\ acation@gmail.com and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. EFTA_R1_01511185 EFTA02438138 |
| **Cross-refs** | epstein, tech, money |

---

## Context Excerpts

> y Epsteinueevacationgsmail.com] From: Pritzker, Nick Sent Thur 10/8/2009 3:15:31 PM Subject: RE: Re: just got back from France: hiking, biking and visiting my daughter and her family living in Paris for the year. I'm interested in renewable energy technology (following my love affair with my Tesla for the past 18 months, and investment in the company. I'm also about to buy an amazing electric bicycle www.pimobihtv.com, although I'm not about to invest in the company spending a lot of time on the west coast with our children. My sons started a business in SF www.neonmonster.com they are s

---

## Full Email Text

To: 
Jeffrey Epsteinueevacationgsmail.com] 
From: 
Pritzker, Nick 
Sent 
Thur 10/8/2009 3:15:31 PM 
Subject: RE: Re: 
just got back from France: hiking, biking and visiting my daughter and her family living in Paris for the year. 
I'm interested in renewable energy technology (following my love affair with my Tesla for the past 18 months, 
and investment in the company. I'm also about to buy an amazing electric bicycle www.pimobihtv.com, although 
I'm not about to invest in the company 
spending a lot of time on the west coast with our children. My sons started a business in SF 
www.neonmonster.com they are selling comics, designer toys, vinyl records and art. they have a booth in the 
design district during Art Basel this year: I'll be in Miami around then if you're going to be in Florida. 
What's up with you? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein [mailtrtjeemcation@gmailoom] 
Sent: Thursday, October 08, 2009 07:59 AM 
To: Pritzker, Nick 
Subject Re: 
i was wondering what you were up to? 
On Thu, Oct 8, 2009 at 8:26 AM, Pritzker, Nick 
wrote: 
What would you like to test? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein 
To: Jeffrey Epstein 
Sent: Thu Oct 08 05:53:26 2009 
Subject: 
test 
*********************************************************** 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01511184 
EFTA02438137

The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
Jeffrey Epstein 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to ice\ acation@gmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. 
EFTA_R1_01511185 
EFTA02438138
