# EFTA02412735

**MUSK-RELATED EMAIL** | Matched: elon musk

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | Jeffrey Epstein <'eevacatione mail.com> |
| **To** | Al seckel |
| **Sent** | Thursday, : : PM Subject could you give me a list of who you think would enjoy a get together in florida„ smart , out of the box types EFTA_R1_01474441 EFTA02412737 |
| **Subject** | Re: of course wrote: On Thu, Apr 16, 2009 at 5:55 PM, Al seckel Ah, you have actually asked my speciality. Seriously. Ok, different disciplines and business too? |
| **Cross-refs** | epstein, maxwell |

---

## Context Excerpts

> head). I can think of more names if 1 put my mind to it, but lets start here: I am happy to discuss anyone here Nathan Mhyrvold *Catherine Mohr *Jay Walker Christof Koch *Terry Sejnowski Danny Hillis *Bran Ferrer, Vilamur Ramadan& an Lisa Randall Frances Arnold Jesse Dylan Larry Page Elon Musk Stephen Wolfram Steve Juvertson *Pablo Ho Jaron Lanier Craig Venter paul ICirkaas Yossi Vardi *Eric Mjolsness *Mike Douglas EFTA_R1_01474440 EFTA02412736 Dean Kamen *Shelly Glashow *Derrick Ashong James Cameron *Ronald Crowley *Jeffrey Lehman Christine Maxwell *Brock Pierce *Ric

---

## Full Email Text

To: 
Jeevacationfieevacation©gmail.com] 
From: 
Al seckel 
Sent 
Fri 4/17/2009 5:17:50 PM 
Subject: A little thought to thinkers... 
Jeff, 
Good to talk to you this morning on this subject, as it is one I am entirely comfortable with. ;-) 
The list I sent you yesterday has the criteria of thinkers, out of the box. These are amongst the 
very brightest people that I know, where I enjoy listening to them, and they say insightful things 
along with a deep understanding of the subject matter. Intellectual judgment along with 
intellectual ability. The two don't always go hand-in-hand. This is also a list of people who have a 
certain type of intelligence, but may not necessarily have social intelligence, i.c, they arc a bit 
awkward. 
Jay is incredibly skilled socially compared to some of the people on this list. Just fyi. I personally 
am not bothered by social awkwardness, but this is your thing, and you would like a good mix, 
and that is understandable. Criteria will just be different then. 
You brought up Jay. This is a good example. Jay does listen, and then tends to offer up his own 
views. I very much enjoy interacting with Jay, and he is a close friend, and although I may not 
always agree with him, he does always offer up ideas that are interesting and worth thinking 
about. That's why I put him on the list. He has a certain way he maps the world and he is also very 
well read and informed. This is not an argument about Jay, just why I put him on the list. I would 
also put Nathan in the same category as Jay. Doesn't listen much, pontificates, don't always agree 
with what he says, but he tends to say things that are provocative and interesting. He has an 
interesting way of mapping the world too, and is well read and informed. I enjoy bantering with 
both of them, and count them as real friends that I have known and hung out with for many years. 
Some of the names listed are titans of intellectual ego. Steven Wolfram being amongst the worst 
of them. Others are very shy and socially and fashion awkward, but are amongst the very brightest 
and informed that I know, and will run intellectual circles around some of the names on this list. 
I very much like the idea of your asking people on this list to contribute names of the ten 
"brightest" people that they know. This list would provide an excellent set of references. 
Please note, that although I have a diversity of thinkers, I have distinctly avoided people who map 
the world in a magical way, and would encourage us to avoid "magical thinkers." 
From: Jeevacation <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
EFTA_R1_01474439 
EFTA02412735

To: Al seckel <aseckel@yahoo.com> 
Sent: Friday, April 17, 2009 5:16:16 AM 
Subject: Re: Re: 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Apr 16, 2009, at 6:33 PM, Al seckel 
wrote: 
Anyone you don't know on an immediate list, ask me or google them. All are good 
friends of mine for years, but these very high end circles travel together, so you 
should be very familiar with almost all of them. And, a few that you don't know, 
are off the charts, and in some respects smarter than the ones that are familiar... ;-) 
They just didn't seek the limelight. I have marked these people with an asterisk. 
Not everyone on this list is a scientist. 
There is no order to this list (this is a cross-section off the top of my head). I can think of 
more names if 1 put my mind to it, but lets start here: 
I am happy to discuss anyone here 
Nathan Mhyrvold 
*Catherine Mohr 
*Jay Walker 
Christof Koch 
*Terry Sejnowski 
Danny Hillis 
*Bran Ferrer, 
Vilamur Ramadan& an 
Lisa Randall 
Frances Arnold 
Jesse Dylan 
Larry Page 
Elon Musk 
Stephen Wolfram 
Steve Juvertson 
*Pablo Ho 
Jaron Lanier 
Craig Venter 
paul ICirkaas 
Yossi Vardi 
*Eric Mjolsness 
*Mike Douglas 
EFTA_R1_01474440 
EFTA02412736

Dean Kamen 
*Shelly Glashow 
*Derrick Ashong 
James Cameron 
*Ronald Crowley 
*Jeffrey Lehman 
Christine Maxwell 
*Brock Pierce 
*Rich Roberts 
*Lee Stein 
*Gerry Sussman 
*John Conway 
Dan Dubno (just because he is very interesting) 
From: Jeffrey E 
ein <*eevacation 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Thursday, April 16, 2009 2:56:34 PM 
Subject: Re: 
of course 
wrote: 
On Thu, Apr 16, 2009 at 5:55 PM, Al seckel 
Ah, you have actually asked my speciality. Seriously. Ok, different disciplines and 
business too? 
From: Jeffrey Epstein <'eevacatione mail.com> 
To: Al seckel 
Sent: Thursday,
 
: 
: 
PM 
Subject 
could you give me a list of who you think would enjoy a get together in florida„ smart , 
out of the box types 
EFTA_R1_01474441 
EFTA02412737
