---
source_image: "book-page__EFTA01720503_20260130_p018_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01720503.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 1078
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T16:04:03.970962
---

Drugs and Murder- My buddy, Rodger 
Jacobs put out a new book on the 
Wonderland Murder,,, uoing actual court 
tranocripta. Here'o a quick Q & A with 
Rodg-
What made you want to put this book out? 
There's a huge, cult like audience hungry for 
inzormation on the Wonderland killings. Like 
many unsolved murder cases, a lot of myth 
and conjecture has arisen over the years. With 
this book, those looking to devour more infor-
maticn cn one of L.A.'s most gruesome slay-
ings are provided with an opportunity to hear what happened on 
that fateful night in July of 1981 through the exact words of those 
who survived: Susan Launius, the solo survivor of the attack; David 
Lind, the smooth-talking felon who was one of the trigger men in 
the robbery of reputed mobster Eddie Nash that preceded and 
instigated the slayings; and Tracy McCourt, the getaway driver for 
the Nash heist. 
Why would people want to read your book? It's a compelling 
read because it's testimony in the words of those who were there. 
There's some interesting drama on the witness stand, for instance, 
between Lind and McCourt. Tracy McCourt is petulant and pouting 
over the fact that Lind was introduced into the robbery at the last 
minute and McCourt's gun was confiscated and given to Lind, 
hence McCourt's relegation to getaway driver and a smaller cut of 
the loot taken 'tom Nash. 
How did you get ahold of these documents? I have boxes upon 
boxes of documents that I acquired during production of "Wadd: 
The Life and Times of John C. Holmes" in 1999. 
How does the actual transcript compare to the movie that they 
made about the Wonderland murders?A great deal of the 
screenplay for "Wonderland" was based on the court trans:ripts. 
More info at httpotAvww.fulu.ccm.:or ter tr130 '2o 
Yep, That's Tera Patrick, and she has a 
new job description! She rows owns a 
talent/management company called 
The Tera Patrick Agency and she sent 
this note out. 
Hello everyone! Tera Patrick here with 
an exciting announcement! I want to tell 
you personally that today is the launch 
of my new company the Tera Patrick 
Agency. We officially are now open fot 
business. The Tera Patrick Agency is a, 
full service management company th 
fully licensed, bonded and insured. W 
provide cervices for adult film/video, 
print, internet, dancing and mainstream 
modeling. TPA has fresh new faces as 
coals like Finesse Navaro, Lucy Lee and 
All Of our girls are 18 or over and are compliant to all 2257 
For booking please checkout our website at www.tera 
tom and see our gorgeous lineup of girls. 
,Tera 
Lezlie Zen is moving to Miami! She is relocating in order to work for 
PinkTV. PinkTV studios am located here and they are shooting for a 
July 1st launch. Their Programs will start out on the Internet, then 
expand to other outlets. tezlie will be doing two shows. One is a 
vampire BDSM soap opera 
called "Into the Mist" and 
another is a sexually themed 
game show called Match 
that Snatch". Both of those 
shows will be shot exclusive-
ly in Miami Rorida, both at 
the PinkTV studios and on 
location. More info at 
PinkTV.com 
So what in the gorgeous 
Shy Love up to? 
Shy is up to a ton of stuff these da - 
She is currently directing for Toni 
new film company who specializes in 
female directors. She also directs for 
her own production company Full 
Throttle Productions as well as anothe-
company called Defiance. She feature 
dances in a burlesque style type show 
with Kelly Erikson titled Heaven & Hell 
They have several dates coming up 
She is also dancing solo all over the 
US. She is still performing in scenes 
approx. 3 times a week for all compa-
nies. She is shooting for Genesis 
Magazine in a solo and a g/g with 
Kelly Erikson. They just finished a b.g 
13 pge Expose for Club Magazine. She is bocked out for in-store 
appearances all over the US thru the end of the year. Her web 
site is www.shylovexxx.com and she keeps a detailed appearance 
list there for her fans. (This is in the free section ) She is a fre-
quent guest on Cyber Net, Danni's Hard Drive and is oearing up 
to start her own live chat via her web site. Wow, she's just a &tie 
busy.. Sny, take a few days off and come on over to my house, the 
all over suntan and drinks are on me! 
The X-Rated Critics Organization just held it's 21st annual 
award ceremony. Since I got to vote in this prestigious event 
I thought I'd list a few of the winners. For a complete list go 
to XRCO.com 
TerZ 
Best Film-Vivid's The Masseuse 
Best New Stud- Tommy Gunn 
Unsung Siren- Katie Morgan 
Unsung Swordsman- Brian Surewood 
Girl/Girl- JM's The Violation of 
Audrey Hollander (omq, hot movie) 
Group Scene- Missy Monroe, Kami 
Andrews, Julie Knight, others in 
Platinum X Pictures Baker's Dozen 2 
Wanna go to REHAB? They said it would never happen! 
Actually, they saw it should never happen. But, SkinTight 
Pictures has shot its 50th film, Army of Ass #9l To commemo-
rate the occasion, SkinTight Pictures will give 50 lucky porn fans 
the opportunity to hobnob with the stars of Army of Ass #9 dur-
ing an all expense paid weekend at the exclusve and luxurious 
Oceans Rehab Treatment Center! Most fans only get to see their 
favorite porn stars at conventions and store signings.' explains 
Grp Johnson. 'You have to stand in long lines and buy some shit-
ty flick for 30 bucks. It's so impersonal. We wanted to we our 
fans the opportunity to hang out with porn stars in their natural 
habitat. So. rehab seemed like the ideal place to celebrate our 
S0th movie release."$exy scratcher tickets featuring the likes of 
porn super vixens Victoria Sin, Keeani Lei, Annie Cruz, Celestia 
Star, and Steven French will be included in 
random dvd copies of SkinTight Pictures' 
Army of Ass #9. To win, fans simply scratch 
and look for the word 'Skintight'. SO win-
ners will be flown out to Oceans in beauti-
ful Malibu for a weekend of coffee, ciga-
rettes, and group hugs with the entire cast 
of Army of Ass 09 . 'It seems like just last 
month we were doing our 49th film,' 
reflects Grip proudly.'Now, look at us. SO! 
For a special message from SkinTight 
Pictures please go to 
http://www.skintighfloictures.corn/aoa9-50.wriv 
EFTA01720520
