---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01726703_20260130_p066_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01726703.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 571
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:15.127579
---

DUPLICATE COPY 
Pt 
rd For 
Account Malt'. 
)OOOOOeXa 
Page 8 of 8 
A Special TravelFunds® Card Offer for AARP Members 
Receive a complimentary emergency travel kit with the purchase of 
$1000 or more in TravelFunds Cards from American Express.* 
It has the safety and security of Travelers Cheques with the 
convenience of a plastic Card. It's also prepaid and reloadable. Like 
Travelers Cheques, if it is lost or stolen, the balance on your Card is 
refunded, usually within 24 hrs. Offer is also available for U.S. 
Travelers Cheques, "fee-free" foreign currency Travelers Cheques 
and "fee-free" foreign currency. 
'Limit one Idt per order. There is a $14.95 Issuance fee per TravelFunds Card purchase, 
which includes standard shipping and processing, $15.00 order fee plus shipping for U.S. 
Travelers Cheques. For complete terms and conditions, visit wwwattup.orgfamex. 
Offer available hr AARP 
members ONLY at 
vevny.aarp.orgramex and 
at 1400-721-9754. 
Members must enter or 
mention promotion code 
101. 
(CE 104772) 
Sign Up For American Express Alerts 
Get important information pertaining to your account delivered to you 
whenever and wherever you want. With American Express Alerts, you 
can choose to be notified when your payment is due, irregular 
account activity is detected, your payment Is received and you are 
approaching your line of credit/spending limit. Alerts can be sent to 
your e-mail address, mobile phone, pager or PDA. 
To sign up for Alerts, visit 
vnnyamerfcanexpress. 
com/alerts. 
(CE 104807) 
The Purchase Protection Plan - At No Additional Charge 
If it's damaged or stolen, we can help.You just dropped your brand 
new vase? Not to worry. With the Purchase Protection Plan, you're 
covered against accidental damage and theft for 90 days from the 
date of purchase. 
For more information, call 
1.800-322-1277. 
(CE 104808) 
You Could Be Paying Too Much for Your Auto Insurance 
More than 75,000 Cardmembers have already made the switch to the 
American Express Property Casualty companies' auto and home 
Insurance! We otter great rates—in fact, we beat our competitors' 
prices 54% of the timel* Plus, get valuable extras like free roadside 
assistance when you buy towing coverage, convenient payment 
options and the freedom to pick your own repair shop. 
'Price comparison data collected from respondents at time of contact. Statistics based 
on a countrywide average during a six-month period ening 3/31/03. Properly Casualty 
insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company or IDS Property Casualty 
Insurance Company, De Pere, WI. Discounts apply to certain coverages and vary by 
state. insurance not wreaks in all states. 
Call 1.800-842.3344 today 
and be sure to mention 
reference code 1N9 to 
receive your quick, 
no-obligation quote! 
Or, if you prefer, visit 
iinvw.ammicanexpress. 
com/autohome to 
request your quote. 
Service you'd expect. 
Savings you wouldn't.° 
(CE 104813) 
Request Your FREE Financial Workbook 
Available from American Express Financial Advisors, our Smart Money 
Management Workbook contains 18 pages of easy-to-follow 
information including worksheets, checklists and charts. American 
Express Financial Advisors is here to help you achieve financial 
success. In the complimentary workbook, you will find simple steps 
and smart strategies that will help you find ways to reduce your taxes, 
plan for college, balance risks and investments, and determine your 
net worth. Call 1-800-952-9271. 
Inanclal 
Advisor_ 
American Express Financial Advisors Inc. Member NASD. 
Order your FREE guide 
today by calling American 
Express Financial 
Advisors Inc. at 
1.800-952.9271. 
(CE 104793) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01726768
