---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01726901_20260130_p069_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01726901.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 670
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:15.134569
---

Prefixed Fee 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
DUPLICATE COPY 
Amw
xxxZ!X)000(4-31005 
Page 8 of 8 
JOHNSTON &MURPHY 
15% Off Your Purchase of $200 or More at Johnston & Murphy 
Call, click or stop by a Johnston & Murphy store to receive 15% off 
your next purchase of $200 or more. We offer a wide selection of 
premium men's footwear, accessories, apparel and small leather 
goods. Call 1-800-424-2854 to order a catalog or find the retail 
location nearest you. Or, you can visit our website at 
johnstonmurphy.com. Be sure to use promo code AEXP0905 on the 
phone, in our stores or when placing an order on our website. 
Payment must be made with the American Expresso Card. Expiration date is November 30, 
2005. 
Call 1.800.424.2854 
or log onto 
Johnstonmulphy.com 
(CE 106283) 
Join the Walk that Millions Will Never Forget! 
More than 43 million Americans have Alzheimer's disease. Memory 
Walk is the Alzheimer's Association national signature event to help 
those battling Alzheimer's. Since 1989, Memory Walk participants 
have raised more than $175 million. American Express, through an 
alliance with Kintera, will make an additional contribution for all 
donations charged to an American Express速 Card through Memory 
Walk websites during 2005. 
The Alzheimer's Association will receive an additional contribution of 0.20% from American 
Express for all donations charged to an American Express Card through Memory Walk 
websites during 2005. Donations are 100% tax-deductible. Terms and conditions of the 
American Express and Kintera For Your Cause program apply. 
Please join us in taking 
steps to end Alzheimer's. 
To register for the 2005 
Alzheimer's Association 
Memory Walk in your area 
call 1.800.272.3900 or 
visit atz.kintera.orgtamex. 
(CE 106316) 
A Change in Auto Insurance Can Bring You More Than Change 
You could save $200* when you change to Ameriprise Auto & Home 
Insurance, formerly known as the American Express Property 
Casualty companies. 
While our name is changing, our high standards for service will 
remain. We will continue to offer valuable extras like 24-hour roadside 
assistance--free with towing coverage, 24-hour claims reporting 
service and the ability to service your policy and report a claim online. 
Trice comparison data collected from respondents at time of contact. Statistics are based 
on a countrywide average during a two-year period ending 9/30/04. 
Ameriprise 
Aorbincenloosoute 
keno wal.42 
Make the change today! 
Call 1.800-842-3344 or 
visit ameriprise.com/ 
autohome. Be sure to 
mention reference code 
1N9 to receive your quick, 
no-obligation quote. 
(CE 106302) 
Tune In to Free Tracks from MSN速 Music! 
For every 10 songs you purchase from MSN Music with your 
American Express速 Card, you'll receive one free song credit. There's 
no limit to the number of song credits you can earn, so the more you 
buy, the more should be coming your way. And what a selection! You 
can choose your favorite tracks from a library of over half-a-million 
songs from classical to alternative to blues to folk to rock and every 
genre in between. 
Offer expires November 7, 2005. Song credits will be automatically credited to your MSN 
Music account. An active MSN Music account is required to redeem your free downloads. 
Song credits must be earned by 11/07/2005 and redeemed by 
Start shopping today at 
muslc.msn.comfaxp. 
(CE 106242) 
Now Accepting American Express速 Cards! 
The Inn at Little Washington - Experience Patrick O'Connell's 
refined world-renowned American cuisine in a fantasy world, just an 
hour outside Washington, DC. 540-675-3800. 
Claudio's Restaurant - Waterfront dining in historic Greenport, L. I. 
Family-run since 1870. Deep harbor marina. Visit claudlos.com or 
call 631-477-0627. 
Ben & Jack's Steakhouse - Offering a fine-dining experience in the 
Grand Central area that's perfect for business, social or romantic 
occasions. 219 E. 44th St., NYC. 212-682-5678. 
If there are other playa 
where you would like to 
see the Card accepted, 
Sege  
numbe
dstomer
r that is 
located at the top of your 
statement or the number 
that is on the back of your 
Card. 
(CE 106176) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01726969
