---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01726703_20260130_p048_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01726703.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 515
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:15.125580
---

KRUPS 
torattoN 
$100 
t23 
s 
limmillirATE 
COPY 
Introducing the 
the Krups Duothek Stainless Steel 
Therm 
Krups would like to introduce the Duothek Stainless Steel 
Therm (PRM359) for 31,000 points. Make coffee and tea at 
the same time! The Duothek Stainless Steel Therm has two 
independent brewing systems, perfect for making regular 
and decaf coffee or tea and coffee. Two double-insulated, 
eight-cup thermal carafes keep coffee hot for hours. The 
Duothek has Krups Deep Brew technology to provide you 
with coffee full of rich, robust flavor. Available in Stainless 
Steel. 
2x Points•Greeting Cards from Gallery Collection 
Stop running To The Store! Order premium quality greeting 
cards at low, Direct-from-the-Publisher prices. Earn Double 
Membership Rewards® points on all orders from June 1 to 
August 31, 2004. 
To be este° tins bonus Foils. you swat to enroled in the Pekteheesko Pewards swam S the Ira <4 
purchase tied you mull charge your pulthr.so on an elgidio. emoted ATCfr.411 Exse-ae Caed. &sus 
poinb wdl be credited to your tainterth'p Rewash OCCC.Wil with.. 6-8 weeks aver charges awes on your 
big Vehement. Bons ID: OW. 
Redeem at GAP this Summer 
Summer is in the air! Welcome warm weather In breezy 
tiered styles and floral prints. Redeem Membership 
Rewardse points this summer for Gap Gift Cards! 
Join the Fun • Geoffrey's Birthday Club! 
Now, you can redeem Membership Rewards& points for 'R' 
Us gift cards! Use them to buy toys, clothing and baby items 
in any Toys'R'Us or Babies'R'Us store. And while you're in 
Toys'R'Us, sign your child up for Geoffrey's Birthday Club! 
Every Club member gets a birthday card from Geoffrey, a 
special surprise and Fun Pass for an incredible Birthday Club 
experience in our store. Mom gets a party planner with 
valuable tips and coupons. And it's all FREE! 
Please aim at least otte weep tarn line d swam.% S mats adrthday cod Foe nave Ore 
Icestion and to askew 0WIT Us Feeney Itetwsy Poky, oat 1.110114OYEAUS (1-600469-77117) or see 
veatOyeruesonVpdvacypollcy. 
Use Points for a Be My Guest® Dining Card 
Redeem points for a $50, $1OO or $200 Be My Guest Dining 
Card this summer! The Be My Guest Dining Card is a 
prepaid gift card accepted at restaurants in the U.S. that 
welcome the American Expresse Card. The Card is 
embossed with the recipients' names and can be used at the 
restaurant(s) of their choice. The Be My Guest Dining Card is 
the perfect gift for any occasion this season--graduations, 
weddings, birthdays, and more! 
Page 4 of 6 
Redeem now at 
owmamericanexpress. 
comfrewards or 
Call 1-800-AXP-EARN 
(297-3276). 
(MR Message 1465) 
Browse our selection of 
Birthday, Holiday and All 
Occasion Cards at 
www.gallerycollection. 
comfamex or call 
(201) 41.0700 for a 
tabg. 
(Bonus ID 8684) 
Visit wvov.amencon 
express.comlrewards 
cr call 1.800-AXP-EARN 
(297-3276) to redeem 
pugs today. 
(MR Message 7008) 
Sign op for Geoffrey's.
Birthday Club for FREE at 
any Toys'R'Us Store! 
(MR Message 5097) 
Call 1-800-AXP-EARN 
(297-3276) to start 
redeeming today. 
(MR Message 2481) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01726750
