---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01726901_20260130_p087_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01726901.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 538
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:15.137570
---

Rwencl Re 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
DUPLICATE COPY 
)000(-)0000(431005 
Page 8 of 8 
Great Ski Offers Only for American Express® Cardmembers 
Need to get away this winter? Fresh powder, fast runs, mountain 
scenery, great meals and exciting nightlife all await you. Visit 
American Express• Selects' at www.mylifemycard.com/ 
mountains for great ski offers exclusively for American Express 
Cardmembers. Take advantage of great offers from ski destinations 
across North America and get away from it all—even if it's just for a 
weekend. 
imv.myllfemycard. 
com/mountaIns. 
(CE 106530) 
30% Off Vacations at SnapTravel.com/americanexpress 
There's a new universe of family-friendly vacations out there for you to 
discover. From Orlando to the Caribbean, skiing to golfing, we are 
proud to offer you—powered by Snap Travel—spacious and luxurious 
accommodations. So, if you're looking for something beyond what 
you think of when you think of family vacations, let Amencan Express 
take you there. 
Subject to availability. Advance reservations required. Snap Travel is offered by RCI 
Holiday Network, Inc., an Indiana licensed real estate salesperson, whose principal broker 
is John Lawrence Hertweck. Snap Travel is a service mark licensed to such licensee. All 
rights reserved. Each office is independently owned and operated. 
Get 30% off when you 
book a vacation and pay 
with the Card. To book, or 
for more information, visit 
www.snaptravel.com/ 
americanexpress or call 
1.866.644-2015 today. 
(CE 106529) 
Car Rental Insurance at No Additional Cost 
Use your Card to reserve and pay for an auto rental from a 
Commercial Car Rental Company and be covered for theft of or 
damage to most rental vehicles--at no additional charge. Simply 
decline the collision damage waiver .(CDW) or similar option offered 
by the Rental Company. This coverage is in excess to your other 
sources of insurance and applies for the first 30 days of rental. 
Car Rental Loss and Damage Insurance is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, 
Administrative Office, Green Bay, WI. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and 
exclusions of Policy AX0925 and is subject to change with notice. This document does not 
supplement or replace the Policy. 
CARDMEMBER 
BENERTS 
For more information, visit 
www.americanexpress. 
eornfearrentInsurance. 
(CE 106575) 
Sign Up for American Express® Alerts 
Be notified automatically by e-mail or on your wireless device when 
there's important news regarding your Card account. Sign up to 
receive helpful Alerts. You can decide to immediately know when a 
payment is due, a payment is received, your balance is updated, your 
Card account experiences irregular account activity, and if you're 
approaching your credit or spending limit. Enroll In Alerts now at 
www.americanexpress.com/alerts. 
To sign up for Alerts visit 
www.americanexpress. 
coin/alerts. 
(CE 106577) 
Pay Your Bill Easily - Online 
Manage your American Express• Card account payments on your 
schedule. Pay immediately or schedule a future payment. You can 
pay it online, anytime you have Internet access. Just enroll to Pay By 
Computer. It's the most convenient way to pay your bill and help 
avoid a late fee. Once it's paid, you'll get instant confirmation. Plus, 
you can set up helpful Alerts. Enroll now at www.americanexpress. 
com/paycardblll. 
a 
Sign up today at 
vnwe.amerIcanexpress. 
comfpayeardbIll. 
(CE 106581) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01726987
