---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01726603_20260130_p059_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01726603.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 564
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:15.120570
---

DUPLICATE COPY 
Account Nutt 
(*Ging Dale 
X)CC<- 
07/12/04 
CuStOtaxtraS" 
Page 9 or 9 
Los Angeles Baseball Tickets and Suites Now on Sale 
As a Platinum Card@ member, you can enjoy professional baseball in 
Los Angeles this season from plush seats located between the 
dugouts behind home plate (includes premium parking passes) or 
from a private luxury suite that accommodates up to 20 people. 
All sales are final and nonrefundable and resale is prohibited. Details and prices are subject 
to change. Suites and tickets are available on a first-Comet first-served basis. All ticket 
orders are subject to service charges. Payment must be made using the Platinum Card 
from American Express. Ticket limits may apply. Availability is limited. 
Call 1.800.321-RSVP 
(8 am-11pm EST, 7 days 
a week), to purchase your 
tickets today. 
(CE 104628) 
Now Accepting the American Express® Card! 
Wendy'so - Enjoy hot 'n juicy. hamburgers, Garden Sensation' 
Salads and Chicken Temptations'. Applies to locations that accept 
American Express Cards. www.wendys.com. 
Staybrldge Suites Hotel - All new upscale suites with complimentary 
daily breakfast, family-friendly Jersey shore location. 732-380.9300. 
www.staybridge.com. 
Bruegger's Bagels - For breakfast and lunch meetings. Fresh-baked 
bagels, cream cheese, sandwiches and coffee. For participating 
locations: 1-888-8BAKERY or www.brueggers.com. 
If there are other places 
where you would like to 
see the Card accepted, 
please call the Customer 
Service number that is 
located at the top of your 
statement or the number 
that is on the back of your 
Card. 
(CE 104594) 
A Special TravelFunds Card Offer for AARP Members 
Receive a complimentary emergency travel kit with the purchase of 
$1,000 or more in TravelFunds Cards from American Express.* It has 
the safety and security of Travelers Cheques and the convenience of 
a Card. The TravelFunds Card is prepaid and reloadable. It is safer 
than carrying cash and is not linked to your bank account. If it is lost 
or stolen, your balance is refunded, usually within 24 hours. Offer also 
available when purchasing American Express Travelers Cheques and 
foreign currency. 
'Limit one kit per order. There is a $14.95 issuance fee per TravelFunds Card purchase, 
which includes standard shipping and processing. For complete Terms and Conditions, 
visit 
wvAv.aarp.orgramex. 
Offer available for AARP 
members only at 
bwrw.earp.orgramex 
and at 143004214754. 
Members must enter or 
mention promotion code 
101. 
(CE 104632) 
How to Save up to 15% Off a Shopping Bill in Europe 
When shopping in the European Union countries, VAT (equivalent to 
sales tax) is included in the prices that you see, rather than added on 
at the cash register. As a resident outside of the European Union, one 
can reclaim up to 15% off the purchase price when leaving the 
country. And, so not to waste time at the airport foreign exchange 
desks, one can simply indicate on the form that they would like the 
refund to be credited to their American Expresso Card. 
A person must be resident outside of the European Union in order to benefit from tax-free 
shopping. VAT rates and minimum spending requitementS vary by country. Please refer to 
vAirwamericanexpress.comitraveltips for further details. 
To find out more about 
tax-free shopping, please 
visit mwtamerican 
express.comrtraveltips. 
Please don't forget to aSic 
a representative from 
Customs and Excise to 
stamp the form upon final 
departure. 
(CE 104591) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01726661
