---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01447713_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01447713.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 829
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:12.257809
---

summarize all of the conditions, covenants, representations, warranties, and other provisions of these 
instruments. 
Derivatives are financial transactions based upon one or more predetermined market factors where periodic 
payments (or a one-time lump-sum payment) are made by each of the parties to the transaction based upon 
the value of the market factor or factors. The amount of the payment(s) will either be set at a fixed 
amount or fluctuate as the value of the underlying market factor fluctuates. The underlying market 
factors are items or variables which are subject to market fluctuations; for example, interest rates, 
currency exchange rates, assets, stock prices, stock index levels, commodities or a combination of one or 
more of these factors. Derivatives are normally used either as a hedging device or as an investment 
vehicle. over the counter (OTc) derivative transactions involve numerous risks including, among others, 
market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. In certain transactions, you could lose your entire 
investment or incur unlimited loss. 
OTC options are issued by a counterparty, may not be traded in the secondary market and may not be 
standardized in their terms. over-the-counter ("oTc") options transactions involve numerous risks 
including, among others, market, counterparty default and illiquidity risk. In certain transactions, you 
could lose your entire investment or incur unlimited loss. You should understand the counterparty and 
credit risk, liquidity, marketability, settlement styles and pricing of any OTC option before transacting 
and you should discuss with your professional tax, legal, accounting and other advisor(s) as you deem 
appropriate, how a transaction may affect you. In any discussion of a proposed transaction we would act 
at arm's length and not in any advisory or fiduciary capacity. 
we or our affiliates may make a market in, trade instruments economically related to, or have an 
investment banking or other relationship with the issuer of a security underlying an OTC derivative you 
enter into. These instruments are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance corporation (FDIC) or any 
other u.s. Interest rate swaps expose investors to interest rate, credit, counterparty default, and 
liquidity risks. In certain transactions, you can lose your entire investment or incur an unlimited loss. 
Any decision to enter into a swap, should only be made after reviewing the final swap confirmation and 
conducting an investigation in order to independently determine the suitability and consequence of 
participating in the swap. Any offering will be made only by means of offering documentation, including a 
long-form confirmation, if applicable. 
Transactions in options carry a high degree of risk, and selling (or "writing") uncovered options may 
entail considerably greater risk. Options are not suitable for all investors. Before engaging in options 
trading, it is very important that you read the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options" (the 
Option Disclosure Document). This Option Disclosure Document may be obtained directly from the option 
clearing Corporation's website at www.optionsclearing.com in the "Publications" section, or you may 
request a copy from your Client Advisor. 
Before trading in a margin account, investors should be aware of the attendant risks which include, but 
are not limited to the fact that margin trading increases your level of market risk; loss is not limited 
to the collateral value in your margin account; and a purchase and/or sale of any securities in your 
account may be initiated without contacting you, to meet a margin call. Past Performance is not 
indicative of future results. 
Foreign exchange transactions involve multiple risks, including currency risks and settlement risk. 
Economic or financial instability, lack of timely or reliable financial information or unfavorable 
political or legal developments may substantially and permanently alter the conditions, terms, 
marketability, or price of a foreign currency. Profits and losses in transactions in FX will also be 
affected by fluctuations in currency where there is a need to convert the product's denominations to 
another currency. Time zone differences may cause several hours to elapse between a payment being made in 
one currency and an offsetting payment in another currency. Relevant movements in currencies during the 
settlement period may seriously erode potential profits or significantly increase any losses. Investors 
in foreign currency options should refer to the section entitled "Special Risks of Foreign Currency 
Options" in the "characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options" disclosure 
document. 
Deutsche Bank AG, including its subsidiaries and affiliates, does not provide legal, tax or accounting 
advice. This communication was prepared solely in connection with the promotion or marketing, to the 
extent permitted by applicable law, of the transaction or matter addressed herein, and was not intended 
or written to be used, and cannot be used or relied upon, by any taxpayer for purposes of avoiding any 
U.S. federal tax penalties. The recipient of this communication should seek advice from an independent 
tax advisor regarding any tax matters addressed herein based on its particular circumstances. 
uzair Aqeel 
Investment Specialist 
Key Client Partners 
Deutsche Bank AG, Filiale London 
105/108 Old Broad St (Pinners Hall), 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0 102437 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00248621 
EFTA01447713
