---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01661203_20260130_p031_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01661203.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 711
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:13.220352
---

Preparcd For 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
DUPLICATE 
ACO:sunl Nurber 
XXXX•X XX 
Page 8 of 8 
Join Us - Support Boys & Girls Clubs of America 
American Express is proud to support the 2006 Centennial 
Celebration of Boys & Girls Clubs of America. Help create 100 more 
÷ 
.0 
years of hope and opportunity for kids by donating to the BGCA. For 
00 
‘ ',,› 
7 
every donation made with an American Expresso Card, we will 
C,..1 
,\N 
r 
donate an additional $5. 
/EN 4, 
som tens cum 
wed 
2°0 0 4 
bane° us. bercrpaireees 
American Express will donate an additional $5 for every donation with an American Express 
Card, up to $25,000, through December 31st, 2006. Additional $5 donation Is not tax 
deductible to Cardmembers. 
Visit www.mylifemycard. 
corn/Inca for more 
information or to make a 
donation. 
(CE 107103) 
Now Accepting American Express® Cards! 
Bon-Ton - Your source for great fashions from your favorite brands, 
be- 
plus a complete Home Store section for every style. Visit 
• 
www.bonton.com for the location nearest you. 
US Helicopter - Providing hourly departures from Wall Street and 
East 34th Street Heliports to JFK airport! Ride above the traffic with 
us, Monday-Friday all day long! www.flyush.com. 
Pacha New York - The 1st American home of Europe's premiere 
clubbing experience. Four floors and 30,000 square feet of lavish 
nightlife. www.pachanyc.com. 212-209-7500. 
If there are other places 
where you would like to 
see the Card accepted, 
please call the Customer 
Service number that is 
located at the tcp of your 
statement or the number 
that is on the back of your 
Card. 
(CE 106961) 
Going Once. Don't Let Your Dream Trip Slip Away 
Are you a golfer or a connoisseur? A trend-setter or a jet-setter? Find 
out where your passion will take you when American Express unveils 
Going Once. Starting April 25th, you'll get the chance to bid on the 
trip of a lifetime or buy an incredible vacation package at a 
Cardmember-only price. You decide. And while you're at it, choose 
any of the premium offers from top name brands. To learn more, visit 
www.trip.mylifemycard.com/dreamtrip. 
Available to IS.S. Cardinenters only. Quantities of travel packages are limited and will be 
sold on a first-come, first-served basis. All sales are final. Void where prohibited. 
Restrictions apply. See vnvw.mylffemycard.com/dreamtdp for full details. Offers subject 
to full terms and conditions available on www.mylifemycard.comrcireamtrip. 
(CE 107061) 
Save 20-50% at Preferred Hotel Group 
When you book a stay and pay with your American Expresso Card 
you'll receive a rate savings of 20-50% off at participating properties. 
Additionally, each participating hotel will offer one of the following 
special welcome amenities: 
Guaranteed room upgrade -Daily continental breakfast -Welcome 
bottle of wine or champagne -A unique hotel-specific amenity 
To redeem this offer, you must use your American Express Card. Subject to availability. 
Rates and welcome amenities may vary and are valid at participating hotels only. 
Participating hotels are subject to change without notice. Offer can not be combined with 
other promotions or offers. Advance reservations/order required. Blackout dates apply. 
Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcohol. Please drink responsibly. Other 
restrictions may apply. 
f....--
t
/00Th CM. 
For reservations, visit 
group.co
www.prefen
apdl
edhotel 
, call 
1400-323-7
mf500 or contact 
your travel professional. 
Offer valid until December 
31, 2006. 
(CE 107100) 
Save $50 per Night at The Fairmont Copley Plaza Boston 
The Fairmont Copley Plaza Boston invites you to experience a Golden 
Opportunity. Discover Fairmont Gold, from unrivaled service to the 
opulence of its private lounge. The Fairmont Copley Plaza's exclusive 
club level is truly a "hotel within a hotel" designed to meet the needs 
of our most disceming travelers. This offer includes $50 savings each 
night of your stay, complimentary deluxe continental breakfast and 
evening canapes in our Fairmont Gold lounge and complimentary 
valet parking. 
Offer valid from 4/1 - 9/4/06.24-hour advance cancellation required. Rates and dates are 
subject to availability, based on single or double occupancy. Payment must be made with 
an American Express° Card. 
COPLEY PLAZA 
For reservation, please 
call 1-M.440-8N9 and 
mention Fairmont's 
Golden Opportunity or 
visit www.falrmont.corn/ 
copleyplaza and mention 
promo code PRGOP1. 
(CE 107097) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01661233
