---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01326217_20260130_p392_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01326217.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 778
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:11.227403
---

NOTICE 
Weight and balance or operating limitation changes shall be entered in the appropriate aircraft record. An alteration must be 
compatible with all previous alterations to assure continued LOnlOrmily with the applicable airworthiness requirements. 
8. Description of Work Accomplished 
(If more space is required attach additional sheets. Identity with aircraft nationality and registration mark and dale work completed) 
Removed existing cabin window ledges and lower sidewalls, modified existing vestibule, cabin, 
aft galley headliner and existing floor conditioned air ducts, installed new window desiccant 
system, upper sidewall speakers, new ledges and lower sidewalls and two additional oxygen 
presentation units as detailed below. Interior components located in accordance with K-C 
Aviation, Inc. floor plan drawing GIV-25-05-200, sheet 1. Cabin peripheral interior rework 
extends from forward cabin bulkheads F.S. 155 to aft cabin bulkheads F.S. 445. 
Modified by sectioning existing cabin headliner into five 48.00" long sections using the following 
K-C Aviation drawings: GIV-25-50-213, sheet 1, rev. A - Headliner Vestibule Assy and 
Installation; GIV-25-50-213, sheet 2, rev. A - Headliner Main Cabin Bracket Details; GIV-25-01-
213, sheet 1 -Headliner Support Bracket Installation. The five panels interlock together on the 
forward and aft ends when installed in the aircraft with a flange and slot assembly fabricated 
from .040" 2024-T3 aluminum flat stock and 5 slots fabricated from 0.75 X .025" X .075" 
2024-T3511 extruded aluminum Z angle. The headliner is retained in the aircraft on the outboard 
edges using existing isolator mounting provisions and ten 34.00" long support angles (5 ea. side) 
fabricated from 0.063" 2024-T3 aluminum installed between each existing headliner bracket. 
Added two new Scott dual oxygen presentation units P/N: 833-610 in left headliner F.S. 286.5 
and 307.5 and two duel presentation units, one left valance F.S. 213.81 and one in right valance 
F.S. 213.81. All new units are plumbed to existing system. Additional presentation unit 
installation and seating configuration does not exceed limitation requirements of Aero Interiors 
continuous flow supplemental oxygen system STC SA4416NM. 
Fabricated and installed 11.0" X 5.0" light bracket assemblies in vestibule between F.S. 85.0 and 
F.S. 97 (1 ea.) and galley (2 ea.) using K-C Aviation, Inc. drawing GIV-25-50-213, sheet 4, rev. 
A - Headliner Aft Galley Assy and Installation. Each bracket assembly is fabricated from .040" 
2024-T3 aluminum. Each assembly is retained by four brackets fabricated from 1" X 1" X .050" 
2024-73511 extruded aluminum L angle riveted or hylocked to adjacent frames. Bracket 
assembly provides mounting surface for dome style lights. 
Fabricated and.installed mounting provisions for five upper sidewall entertainment system 
speakers on each side of the cabin between each cabin window, F.S. 200, 250, 301, 350 and 
395 in accordance with K-C Aviation Inc., drawings GIV-25.02-211, sheet 1 & 2 - Upper 
Sidewall Speaker Installation. Each assembly consists two formed angles and four brackets 
constructed from 0.063" 2024-T3 aluminum to accommodate the 8.50" X 5.00" Baker HF93 
speaker assemblies. Each speaker is retained to the aircraft by the four angle brackets riveted to 
the adjacent frames, four each isolator mounts P/N: 100147-40-062; four each MS21059L3 
nutplates and MS227039-1 screws, two each formed angles and hardware provided by the 
speaker manufacturer. 
Fabricated and installed replacement left and right ledges using K-C Aviation, Inc., drawings GIV-
25-51-203, sheet 2, rev. A - Lower Sidewall Ledge Assembly and Install; GIV-25.04-203, sheet 1 
- Ledge VIP Panel Installation; CL600-25-17-203, sheet 1 - Ledge Lid And Storage Compartment 
Install Installation consisting primarily of four sections fabricated from NL610-10122-500 and -
250 Norlam sandwich panel; two left and right forward and one right aft section with retractable 
table provisions; left aft section behind divan. Each section is secured to each side of the cabin 
below the window line using TYE 2004A3-500 and TYE 2001-08-10 thru and threaded inserts 
potted into ledge, isolators P/N: B-532-1 and MS hardware into a formed aluminum assembly 
consisting of a full length intercostal, aluminum gussets, angles, webs and gusset plates riveted 
together and to the aircraft structure. Ledges contain cup holders and electrical membrane 
switches at seating locations, VIP panel and Magnastar handset and cell phone storage at #2 left 
and right forward cabin seats. The lower sidewall panels are fabricated from NL 610-10111-250 
Norlam sandwich panel and close-out area below ledges to existing floor conditioned air duct. 
Panels are sectioned for easy access and retained by the ledge end cap and an aluminum angle 
running full length of ledge. The lower end of sidewall panel is retained using an aluminum angle 
blind riveted to existing conditioned air duct and Velcro loop and hook fastener material. 
rif Additional Sheets Am Attached 
*U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICIO IS112-761-0ISNSOIS7 
SDNY_GM_02754093 
SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, and 17 
EFTA 00241015 
EFTA01326608
