---
source_image: "book-page+scanned-document__EFTA01689527_20260130_p056_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01689527.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 662
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T16:03:53.344841
---

INTRODUCTION 
.. 
V 
ilts. 
sl 
. 
. 
HI 
lyriiii4.-TIaltot the,:brs 1th' ,
p.
ta.
ttrt{6pCiteri 
 Dann • 
r. ito mat . 
+ 1 40C
ifebitti. 
(F 
teh 
 ilI
st, 
ble2tSe 
• 
' 
+
J131t,IVC, APO, 
same
 
• 
• 
 , •. 
IC010,304
10erieffiWZ.
more 
ne 
finlit 
arm' 
C 4: 
dJ 
giot,
: 
ilirtwhiree ergint 
.tHiCSOO 
n 
c trna• (oh 
'the a t'll•c ',ea! X15 b 
HELP 
FOR 
VICTIMS 
OF_ 
CRIME 
AS A CRIME VICTIM, YO'J HAVE THE 
FOLLOWING RIGHTS under 
18 United States Code. Section 3771: 
• 
The right Is be reasons:any protected from tho 
accused: 
• 
The tfoht to teases-abbe. accurate. and Smartt:Oct of 
any pubic cosi proceed:1g or dry pude 
wean: brie. orrelyng rho acre or of any colors, a 
<swipe at the accesad. 
0 The nte not to be Included Iron are we: pjble 
cowl proceeding. unless the cowl. eller wwievelng 
dear and cony:xin evidence. dolma:Tres that 
teserrony by the v chit woM be inatetioby elated d 
the vain, heard othe: testwOry el that aroceetiol 
• 
The right to be reasonably heard al any Fulda 
IthOcriecln4 in the diesekt cowl iwohing the tektite. 
plea, witenclog. of arty prole emceed/Kt 
0 The right to coder with the mores. Isr dw 
Covemmem in the cam 
• 
The npht to MI and •antl, les:Cu:Ion as motes it 
law, 
0 Act right to proceedings hes Icor: unreasonable 
**ay; 
• 
The right to be treated wN frn ss swl with tairac: 
kr the welm's dirk and pr,acy. 
We we slake out *rest Oaths ta inure too we 
Wooded the tiglas clay:Abed. Most of these drafts 
retail to events occwwg alter the irdidraent of an 
ingariterel 3x the crime. sad i, roil be We rioconsibilte 
of the piasamisg limed States AttOrrirteS 0ttite to 
envy sot ate afforded than. rights. You nay also 
seek the ethics eta private anotnoy nitn rasped, to 
these tights. 
IF YOU ARE THREATENED OR HARASSED 
Vow safety is swarm/vet II siecne threatens y.<a or yaw 'eel 
that you ore being harassed because of roar coopeencel veldt 
inresbgabon, tete ere amiable re-aerate I ma ate 
a irrootiale danger. cw-rta al your local law Wowamok 
*onto rocreddrerd. Also. fat shotid contact your Victrn 
Speckikst or the Case Agent and micron them of the 
Ababa% 'Awe ate penel6as for 
!luso-en: and other 
try. at therelote.c*ireonentthat rot repctl art 
incident as soon as possible 
IF YOU NEED FINANCIAL HELP OR 
SUPPORT SERVICES 
AI states have Cr,.:'
 victims ,:onpee saber: ;rowan.: 
Nat help carer some expenses resulting Ito- violent crates. 
Your state plocrern mey pay for Trwh:th and mortal heath 
ewe costs. kis" meet end support. and snivel and tia61 
elperzes not winced by kswance of caw benelith. Your 
FSI 'Actin SieCi441 may be able to help methedo on sear 
Dena wit, oaf:tots sad credlas. when appropriate. In 
ecIfinon. your Victim Specialist <am nitric( to cam hoes of 
p-aramt are: sentkes. such as anwergy houong. 
counseling. nv*On VOW. and trait coantatine. If the 
offender is coevIelid or pleats guilty, the teen may order 
payment by the offender. celled (annular% AKA nay help 
coif menses and losses caused by sour l'ktallair. 
IF YOUR PROPERTY WAS STOLEN OR 
HEW AS EVIDENCE 
Croat property was stolen. we hope 
to Wear ilea Part Ol OW 
niesligatua and taken it as soon 
as possible. II your poorly is held 
as evidence. sow veil  notfy you. 
rattan i in good cosi*n 
end nuke every ello:t to see 
%at it is returned to yeti as Oak 
a: ;Giulio when a is no longer 
needed as evidence. 
Please understerd that Were pcOCerry 
feePiVi. Cl 
toC4r.:??..SOtti) tieing...I during fie co..05e cd Ore C/.1111). 
IF AN ARREST IS MADE 
Flew effort wil be made to ansly you it a rnpict 
apwebanled If slimiest there is ate feed. you am be 
COY.1Cled by the tinged Stales Money's Olhce (LISA0) 
assigned to handle tow* case. 
tech VSACI hat a Scan Warm Coothnstor 
to sip smog, your quegkeu and deal with 
your concetas dump the Prontulkth 0! the 
Cale. 
EFTA01689582
