---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01728258_20260130_p048_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01728258.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 559
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:15.187096
---

. 
Onet-boppiog Havana no looses hot scene for modeling - C'ta Came News- Havana lownil 
4
Yisa 
a 
Four yeats ago, Fasolini shot a Lanane campaign in Cuba. He also shot there for Italian Vogue, &Beak/ 
Marie Claire. Now the work has.pretty much dried up, he said. 
"There limbering fill beaches in Cancun, too. And it's-less expensive than Cuba: And everything works. 
Phones, electricity, Water" Fasolini said. 
But, some say, eventually all that will-change. "The day Castro comes dewn and Cuba Open; up, there will 
• 
bee bigbOoin. It just has tribe easier to work them" said Christophe Nonet, a French photographer who has i 
been shooting in Cuba since-the early 1990s..b11999,.he shot a campaign fot Romeo y Indent vigart with 
Weed Cuban photographer Albato Korda, whose esedits include that ubiquitous image of Che'Guevam. 
There are no readily available numbers on the fashion production business in Cuba,:but many speculate-that 
if it weren't for restrictions—frOm.Cuba and the United States—the scene would explode. 
"Cuba today is somewhere near where the U.S.S.R. was lathe late 1980s and early 1990s, when the fashion 
• industry was discovered," said John S. Kavulich, president of the U.S.-CubaTrade attd.Econ0mic-Cooncil 
inNew York In 1996, Miami-Dade.County collected 112.0-millionin fees-for still photographyrecconiing to 
Jeff Peet.director Of theiviiami-Dade.Mayoes Office b€ Film and Entertainment. The numbers steadily 
I defined to,S85 million Jest year,,because of; prohibitive exchange rate on the dollar, steep permitting fees 
and hotel rates-and a backdrop that simply. ot overused. 
CHALLENGES 
Cuba could have been more of a contender, but-too often, projects get aborted at the last minute because it 
! takes so.long to getpermitstuntwork thioughthesystem. 
i "I remember thebureaucracy could be terrible," said Ivelin Giro-Robins, who in the late ;980s became the 
first big name in modelingto come out of Cuba sincen beauty namedNorka graced interhationatniagazine 
covers in-the I 960s. 
"There were some catalog shoots I wascready to do and never did because the teams-had to leave. Inkfashion, 
everything is money. You can't just wait and wait," saidIvelin, who now liVes in Miami and is inarriatto 
local developer Craig Robins. 
Says Munch "I was traveling through the island with one of Cuba's-most important architects:And whenwe 
got tb a hotel on this beautiful beach, he was told he couldn't stay there.-He had to sleep ih the lighthouse 
next door because only tourists are allowed." 
• Havana Items 
• Hispanic 
Tuesday 
• Celia Cxuz Items 
IIS
S 
• Buena Vista'
'
Social Club 
Items 
• 
..i
a
.
• Cuba Storefronts 
• Cuba Books 
• 
• .Cuba Music ' 
iliaitumpummti a 
Eisi FEED 
AOL • 
Blofilines - Gooale - 
Yahoo 
bbsql:?led va 
13 
•M 
"als 
W.Wtheits3CIYMP.COM 
powered by 
E:cpre;slonEriesine 
For all °feign Aficionado's frothing about the models in Cuba, thcfact it-that it's only a few whofilid 
steady work, and fewer who get to travel-outside-the island for fashion-shows and shoots.' 
"There are 20 to 30 decent models,andxhat'sit," said Christian Bengsch, whomions take'Me putuba,a, 
Gmmanproduction company. "The very good modeb,.they tithe rind an agency in Europe to sponsor the& , 
or 
.fund a man.someWhere tomarrrthenu But they never come back" 
Models, like others who represent Cubancultureabroad, are 'Jarrett° travel without gettingpermizion 
from the government, often atircuitotu.task that can take months. 
WY:
str‘ri 
They may be desirable, but the rules-make-them unreliable. In diejet-settingtashioh world, it's key to-be 
 
ntwetry!terennrenesenna-n-,.. 
a.annsre
resrrysmft4..,
___antrea ern 
hep1/64.233.169.104/stutMgeraebedaEiTao MEJthey...ling/+%22jeasseehbsenbeP•claksted.d Meru (3 or SW15/2007 3133:13 PM 
Ii
aft 
EFTA01728305
