---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01703316_20260130_p055_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01703316.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 661
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:14.109808
---

Proparcd For 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
DUPLICATE COPY 
"eeafi 
TANSCDO
;c 
C0:842008 
Page 6 of 6 
Claim 850.00 Worth of Your Favorite Selections - FREE! 
We'd like to give you something special for being a valued 
Cardmember! Call now to claim three months FREE of your favorite 
magazines worth up to $50.00. Quantities are limited, so you must act 
quickly. Call before July 10, 2006 for details and to guarantee your 
selections! 1-800-639-2740. 
- - RETAIL 
Call 1.800.639.2740 for 
details and to claim your 
VIP favorites worth up to 
$50.00. Quantities are 
limited. Call now. 
Claim Code: 35173. 
(CE 107277) 
Experience the Sandals Difference 
Sandals Ultra All-Inclusives offer 12 of the most romantic resorts for two people 
in love. Located on the Caribbean's most exotic islands in Jamaica, St. Lucia, 
Antigua and The Bahamas, the best of everything Is included. Enjoy an 
astounding array of land and watersports, including unlimited golf and scuba 
diving. tine at specialty gourmet restaurants and enjoy premium brand drinks. 
Renew your spirits at Red Lane Spas"--sanctuaries for mind, body and soul that 
reinterpret classic European spa rituals with a distinctive Caribbean flair. Utilizing 
renowned Pevonia® botanical products and custom formulations, youll discover 
a sense of ease and calm found only in paradise. Other "all-Inclusives" claims to 
Include It all, but their add-on charges and hidden fees really add up. Sandals 
includes all the things you want most, even including tips and transfers. 
Si#44 
AEV tours operated by Travel Impressions, a subsidiary of American Express. 
Up to 50% savings based on Sandals Grande Ocho Rios Beach & Villa Resort. 
Valid for booking now through 12/31/06 for travel 9/1/06.12/31/06. *Resort 
certification fee not included "Spa services are additional. 
Rates and poi:notions accurate at time of printing and are subject to changes, exceptions; ' 
cancellation charges. Restrictions may apply. Not responsible for errors or omissions in the 
printing of this message. American Express acts solely as the sales agent for suppliers and 
is not liable for their actions or inactions. CST# 1022318-10, Washington UBI# 600 469 
694, ML# 1192, TA 002 Registered Iowa Travel Agency, NV# 2001-0126. 
To book your next 
American Express 
Vacations Sandals trip, 
contact American Express 
Travel at 1.877.297.5701. 
Book now through 
12/31/06 and receive up to 
50% off. 
(CE 107238) 
Help Best Buddies Create Friendships 
American Express, through an alliance with Kintera, is proud to assist 
Ng? gv oun 
Best Buddies International in its mission to support children and 
young persons with intellectual disabilities by establishing one-to-one 
friendships and employment opportunities. Present at middle 
schools, high schools and colleges, Best Buddies is dedicated to 
enhancing the lives of people with and without intellectual disabilities 
through the increased confidence and happiness that friends 
uniquely provide one another. 
For every donation charged to an American Express* Card through www.bestbuddles. 
org, American Express will contribute an additional 0.20% of the donation. Every donation 
to Best Buddies International, a 501n organization, is fully tax deductible. 
In recognition of these 
efforts, American Express 
is pleased to match a 
portion of your contribution 
when you use your 
American Express Card to 
make a gift at 
www.bestbuddlesorg. 
(CE 107241) 
Indulge in the Best That Spring Has to Offer 
Some of the hottest products for spring will be available at special 
Cardmember-only prices for My WishList. To kick things off, American 
Express gives you access to exclusive offers from top-name 
merchants—in fashion, jewelry, electronics, entertainment and more, 
including Bluefly., Overstock.coms, f.y.e.. and 1-800-flowers.com" • 
—starting May 1 through June 30. So, whether you want to drape your 
neck in shiny baubles or bring out your natural glow with spa 
products, you can have just about anything you wish for this spring. 
Terms and conditions vary by offer. Please visit mylffemycard.comfspringwIsh for more 
details. 
04t 
CAROMEMBER 
BENEFITS 
. 
Visit mylifemycard.com/ 
springwIsh to access 
these savings and more. 
(CE 107270) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01703370
