---
source_image: "book-page+scanned-document__EFTA01334040_20260130_p010_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01334040.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 1286
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T16:03:52.932381
---

Jeffrey Epstein 
he is winning. Whether in conversations or 
negotiations. he always stands back and lets 
the other person determine the style and 
manner of the conversation or negotiation. 
And then he responds in their style. Jeffrey 
sees it in chivalrous terms. He does not pick 
a fight, but if there is a fight, he will let you 
choose your weapon." 
One case is rather more serious. Currently, 
Citibank is suing Epstein kr defaulting on 
loans from its private-banking arm for 320 
million. Epstein claims that Citibank "fraud-
ulently induced" him into borrowing the 
money kr imenments. Citibank disputes this 
charge. 
The legal papers for another case offer a 
rare window into Epstein's finances. In 1995. 
Epstein stopped paying rent to his landlord. 
the nonprofit Municipal Ans Society for his 
office in the 'Allard House. He claimed that 
they were breaking the terms of the lease by 
not krona his staff in at night. The case was 
eventually settled. However. one of the papas 
filed in this dispute is Epstein's financial state-
ment for NS& in which he claimed to be 
worth 520 million. He listed that he owned 
57 million in securities. SI million in cash. 
zero in residential property (although he 
told sources that he had already bought the 
home in Palm Beach). and SI) million in 
other assets. including his investment in 
Riddell. A co-inwpor in Riddell says: "The 
company had been bought with a huge 
amount of debt. Ind it wasn't public. so it 
was memingless to attach a figure at that to 
it ... the price it cost was about 51.2 mil-
lion." The co-investors bought out Epstein's 
share in Riddell in 1995 for approximately 
53 million. At that time, when Epstein was 
asked, as a routine matter, to sign a paper 
guaranteeing he had access to a kw million 
dollars in case of any subsequent disputes 
over the sale price. Wexner signed for hint. 
Epstein has explained that this wits because 
the co-investors wanted an indemnity against 
being sued by Wexner. One of the investors 
calls this "bullshit$ 
r pstein's appointment to the board of 
r..(New York's Rockefeller University in 
2000 brought him into greater social promi-
nence. Boasting such social names as Nancy 
Kissinger. Brooke Astor. and Robert Bass. 
the board also includes such pre-eminent 
scientists as Nobel laureate Joseph Gold-
stein. "Epstein was thrilled to be elected,-
says someone who knows him. 
Mer one term Epstein resigned. Accord-
ing to 
York magazine, this was because 
he didn't like to wear a suit to meetings. A 
nkapeme tlz- the Rockefeller board says 
.•.• • lc : became he had insufficient time 
'ri sommi.: a "mar.1 member recalls Mat he 
346 I va.,
Tr 'Alt 
was "arrogant" and "not a good fit." The 
spokesperson admits that it is "infrequent" 
for board members not to be renominated 
after only one tam. 
Still, the recent spate of publicity Ep-
stein has inspired does not seem to have 
fazed him. In November he was spotted in 
the front row of the Victoria's Secret fashion 
show at New York's Lexington Avenue Ar-
mory; around the same time the usual co-
terie of friends and beautiful women were 
whisked off to Little St. James (which he 
tells people has been renamed Link St. Jell) 
for a long weekend. 
Thanks to Epstein's introductions. says 
Martin Nowak. the biologist finds himself 
moving from Princeton to Harvard. where 
he is assuming the joint position of profes-
sor of mathematics and professor of Nola-
• gy. Epstein has pledged at least 525 million 
to Harvard to create the Epstein Program 
kr Mathematical Biology and Erolutionary 
Dynamics, and Epstein will have an office 
at the university. The program will be dedi-
cated to searching tbr nature's algorithms. a 
pursuit that is a specialty of Nowak's. For 
Epstein this nub! be the summit of every-
thing he has walked toward: he has been 
seen proudly displaying Renard president 
Larry Summers's letter of commitment as 
if he can't quite believe it is real. He says he 
was reluctant to have his name attached to 
the program. but Summers persuaded him. 
He rang his mentor Wexner about it. and 
Wexner told him it was all right. 
An insatiable. restless soul. always on the 
move. Epstein builds a tremendous amount 
of downtime into his hectic work schedule. 
Yet there is something almost programmed 
about his relaxation: it's as if even plea-
sure has to be measured in terms of self-
improvement. Nowak says that. when he 
goes to stay with Epstein in the Caribbean. 
they'll get up at six and. as the sun rises. 
have three-hour conversations about theoret-
ical physics. -Then he'll 20 of and do some 
work. re-appear. and well talk some more:' 
Another person who went to the island 
with Epstein. Maxwell. and several beautiful 
women remembers that the women "sat 
around one night teasing him about the 
kinds of grasping women who might want 
to date him. He was amused by the idea.... 
He's like a king in his own world." 
Many people comment there is some-
thing innocent. almost childlike about Jef-
frey Epstein. They see this as ran-shine. given 
the sophistication of his surroundings. Man 
Dershowitz says that. as he was getting to 
know Epstein, his wife asked him if he would 
still be close to him if Epstein suddenly filed 
kr bankruptcy. Dershowitz says he replied, 
"Absolutely. I would be as interested in him 
as a friend if we had hamburgers on the 
boardwalk in Coney Island and talked about 
his ideas" 'C 
FASHION 
Cris: Ben AIMck1 Doubk RL T.Pal Irri Doi* 
PL NYC end LA. or go lo Jawpolocorn: for lea's 
p)ont. col 800 .I15.4.1.1VI: Debaoh Wotrin Ia An 
M.0 
A94.CY) 
P.. 14: Odom* {Mork shalom OM, * 
Meow. NXC. ot <di 2Q-3234107: For Ray.Ban 
unglaan Gale 888-UJXOMCA 
Per 123, hew CincoWs Enpale Annani 
shako" Pinyon° Atmore bo~ 
nenowndit: 
Ralph Lauren wipenden from »levied 
Polo RØ Loren raw: Km Meehan for lNdlen 
Sceseeler Mawrenent 
Per 
 m: saur
l40:mPeter Cincces; inn 
b, Thom.. 
Giorgio Anwar* be by "HY; 
Sfirtnj con by spool war 
from *boded Ikon Works 
Per Hilo tau Garman ono 
Al... terdbar9 Riled by -ese 
Herd* 
hi* 140, SnWdbf aØ Graf lor Enis. Pc. 
Par 214 Fa June Havoc's GM &none& Dnignr 
wad. gobs al ~ad en* 031978-499.205 
Pan 220: Ortenockett PRders's 
Donna Karen Nye York dews 
-2m Donne (wen Nee 'hit 
wires more ce ond BW9iewl 
Godroe Nine PS Snill 
Women car 'om Henn Bendel 
WC. ond ;enc. L 
Crewel 
~and 
goes kcal Chad 
cannceinnenonwde. or col BOO-550.000S; 
Mortise Rodrigarz saws from Jal KIRK Soria 
Cod a-0 Copilot OwrIcitte. 
Li:imbeds«, Twee taboo by rewei orde 
Lengda" Seeo -on NYC Gleurto kelps irr - 
Z.e.aid  
.:• ;a 900.$$7.1584. 
Per 223: Agnes Bruckner's Tom Ford to. 
is 
Sam Lowest tit. Gaucho den bow Kw Sr. 
Lan« en Gotche betncat 
NYC. ced Horgan 
Pan 22Lr Dyan Carden 
dried by Ind° Mein too 
andd 
lasbrwai 
Delta il 
G
Oak. 
& 
Gabbard Badly /41b; PR•dor 
by Wendy Walker. from Weed 
LA. iron oy Jimmy Choo. from Saw 
Bitann HP. 
Pers 274-77: Rer, Mawr 's Guess sire hen 
Gums sewn tenoned^ or go aner gans can. 
Venace bean from 
*wow bo qÆ 
iiwklede. or go be 
avow-woo oem. 
Or Ltd 81384YERSACE 
Pare 2711.-79: 
Da...d• RI. T.sher, 
1'0,T Dot& RL NYC ad LA. Of go to 
innwoolocon Chrome Beads bng .R•Rved der. 
from Chyme Hewn. NYC... 
cr
y-o 
212s -n374-070,7,4„
. la 
& 
%9.
Per
tMI11
21ICA
li Tawny HPfiger 
ilck. 
iltin dP
kwricsibwal
ieolle0"10irl 
onn 
TC/MMYILL Doaldr RL raw, 
kan NJ* RL. WC. ard LA. 
or see lowapcJacom: Ia tars jeans. cot 
BCC-LISA-LEVI 
lE3<- 
SDNY_GM_Ili‘46;1162405'
SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, and 17 
EFTA 00251487 
EFTA01334049
