---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01726901_20260130_p009_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01726901.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 555
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:15.132569
---

Proromei For 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
DUPLICATE COPY 
Accost Number 
>CO0O0O=4-31005 
Page Sof 8 
Pay Your Bills Automatically With the Card 
Pay everything from your cable and telephone bills to your 
newspaper subscription and health club membership with your Card. 
It's a simple way to consolidate your payments and to help ensure 
your bills are paid on time. You will have fewer checks to write and 
you will still continue to get a statement from your service provider to 
keep for your records. To learn more, visit 
www.americanexpress.com/abp26 and find a complete list of 
participating providers. 
Visit 
www.americanexpress. 
com/abp26 for a list of 
participating providers, or 
to learn more. Start 
benefiting from the 
convenience of Automatic 
Bill Payment today! 
(CE 105477) 
Centurion® Concierge - Dedicated to Your Needs 
Centurion Concierge can help you with virtually any request, at any 
hour, anywhere in the world. Have Centurion Concierge secure 
reservations at an international or domestic restaurant for a special 
occasion or upcoming trip, locate goods and services unavailable 
locally, research entertainment options, arrange for special gifts, and 
much more. It's like having a personal assistant with you while at 
home or while traveling abroad. 
;V•z.,nenctriverfee41,3 
v' 
Tots OPIT 'mina 
There is typically no cost to you for most efforts Concierge consultants perform on your 
behalf, although you are responsible for any purchases and/or shipping charges you 
authorize. Fees may apply for meetings and event planning. 
Call Centurion Concierge 
at 1.877.877-0987, option 
2 to take advantage of the 
professional kiestyle 
assistance available to 
you. 
(CE 105478) 
Special Access with Elite Frequent Flyer Benefits 
Without having to meet any mileage requirements, you are entitled to 
enroll in the Gold Elite level of the frequent-flyer programs of 
Continental Airlines, Delta Air Lines, and US Airways®. You'll receive 
all of-the current program benefits and accrue miles at an accelerated 
rate. 
.,i, ...... ... . ... . s
i
.1.7.. 
s 
. 
41* 'm 
.• 
.r- nil' 1 ,.......j. 
os 
Benefits vary from program to program and we subject to change without written notice. 
Benefits are based upon space availability. The terms and conditions of each individual 
partner program apply. Partner programs require enrollment. Participating partners are 
subject to change. 
To take advantage of 
these valuable benefits, 
contact Centurion 
Customer Services at 
1.677.871.0987, option 3. 
(CE 105480) 
Earn Double Points Every Day on the Centurion® Card 
Earn double Membership Rewards® points for your purchases when 
you use your Centurion Card at supermarkets, drugstores, gas 
stations, the U.S. Postal Service, and to pay your wireless phone bill. 
Double points for everyday purchases is an ongoing benefit of your 
Centurion membership. 
Double points for purchases made with the Card at qualifying stand-alone supermarkets, 
drugstores, gas stations, the U.S. Postal Service, and for payments for wireless phone bills 
(excluding bulk purchases of wireless time) will be credited to your Membership Rewards 
account 12 -14 weeks after charges appear on your monthly billing statement. Not valid in 
the departments of superstores and warehouse clubs. Terms and conditions for the 
Membership Rewards program apply. 
. ,,:: .... 
it 
i
.T. 
.Cisr".", 
It 
3115ii*1/0ii 
11 
k
\::-.......• 'a 
4 
For more information, call 
Centurion Customer 
Service at 
1-677-877-0987, option 3. 
(CE 105479) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01726909
