---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01661003_20260130_p031_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01661003.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 764
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:13.211352
---

DUPLICATE COPY 
Prefaced For 
Acocul Motet 
Citairg Date 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
)0000000GX2-61005 
04/08/05 
Page 21 of 22 
JOHNSTON &MURPHY 
CustomExtrar 
15% Off Your Purchase of $200 or More at Johnston & Murphy 
Call, click or stop by a Johnston & Murphy store to receive 15% off 
your next purchase of $200, or more. We offer a wide selection of 
premium men's footwear, accessories, apparel and small leather 
goods. Call 1-800-424-2854 to order a catalog or find the retail 
location nearest you. Or, you can visit our website at 
www.johnstonmurphy.com. Be sure to use promo code AMEX0415 
on the phone, in our stores or when placing an order on our website. 
Payment must be made with the American Express* Card. Expiration date June 30th, 
2005. 
Call 1-800-424-2854 or 
log on to www.johnston 
murphy.com. 
(CE 105554) 
Think Beaches, Mountains and 20% Off with ResortQuest 
Whether you need place for a few days or a few weeks and whatever 
your budget ResortQuest® Vacation Home Network has a place for 
you, with over 20,000 vacation rental homes, condos and villas in 
more than 50 of the finest beach, desert and mountain resorts. Plus, 
RESOR 
 /EST. 
when you book by June 1 and stay by December 31, 2005, and pay 
with your American Express® Card you can receive 20% off your stay. 
Choose from great locations in AL, AZ, CA, CO, DE, FL, GA, HI, ID, 
MT, OR, SC, TN, UT and Canada. 
To redeem this offer you must use your American Express* Card. Offer sulact to 
availability at select locations. Blackout dates and other restrictions apply. Minimum stay 
night requirements vary by location and date. Offer not valid at locations in MA and NC. 
To book today or to learn 
more, call 1.866.493-6809 
and mention DIR MS, or 
visit www.resoitquest. 
comrams. 
(CE 105577) 
Paying Taxes With Your Card is Quick and Easy 
Use your American Express® Card to pay your federal taxes by phone 
or online. You can even pay state income taxes with your Card in 
participating states. Now isn't that more convenient than writing a 
check'? Simply contact one of the following service providers to make 
your tax payment: Official Payments Corp.® - www.officialpayments. 
corn or 1-800-272-9829. LINK2GOV Corp.® - www.PAY1040.com/ 
amex or 1.888-729.1040. 
NOTE: All tax payments made with the Card are subject to a convenience fee charged by 
the respective service providers. Acceptance of state and local taxes varies by service 
provider. For complete information about fees and participating states, contact one of the 
service providers directly. 
Simply visit one of the 
following service 
providers: 
- Official Payments Corp.* 
www.officlalpayments. 
com, 1-800-2PAY-TAX 
(1-800-272-9829 
- LINK2GOV Corp)..* 
www.PAY1040.com/ 
amex, 1-888-PAY-1040 
(1-888-729-1040). 
(CE 105555) 
Vacation in Luxury - VISIT FLORIDA with American Express 
Florida, it's everything under the sun. With each golden sunrise and new-born 
day, there's something magical to see and do in Florida. Come play along 
sugar-white beaches, in crystal-clear springs and on countless golf courses. 
Relax in luxury at an array of great resorts and enjoy the action-packed 
attractions in Miami, Ft. Lauderdale, Palm Beach, Florida Keys & Key West, 
Naples, Ft. Myers, Sarasota, Longboat Key, Sanibel, Tampa, St. Petersburg, 
Clearwater, Orlando, Jacksonville, Amelia Island and the rest of Florida. It's life at 
your pace. In partnership with VISIT FLORIDA, call American Express Travel at 
1-866-AXP-0001 to receive exclusive values* including a statement credit up to 
$150" when purchasing a qualifying Florida vacation on the American Express*
Card through American Express Travel. Other material terms, conditions and 
restrictions apply. 
*Valid on new vacation package bookings only 4/01/05-11/30/05 for travel 
4/01/05-12/31/05. Offer, participating destinations, properties and suppliers are 
subject to availability and changes without notice. Restrictions may apply. Deposit 
and final payment must be made on an American Express Card. 
Promo code: B9240001. 
"Qualifying Vacation is a purchase offered by a vacation package • • =rator through a 
participating American Express Travel Services U.S. location of $2, r r r or more per 
booking for $100 statement credit or, only for Gold, Platinum Card* and Centurion* Card 
members, of $2,500 or more for $150 statement credit. Not valid on iuS.pui dart airdhoteU 
car reservation. Available once per Card account per year. May only redeem 1 per booking. 
To plan your vacation to 
Florida and for details on 
your Cardmember 
Annual Travel Benefit, call 
American Express Travel 
toll-free at 
1-866-AXP-0001. 
CST#1022318-10, TA-149 
Registered Ohio Travel 
Agency, TA-002 
Registered Iowa Travel 
Agency NV42001-0126. 
Washington UBI# 600-
469-694, MI.41192. 
(CE 105582) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01661033
