---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01710036_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01710036.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 575
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:14.296888
---

STUDENT SCORE REPORT 
CCollegeBoard SAT 
WHAT ARE THE AVERAGE SCORES? 
For college-bound seniors in the class of 2005, the average 
critical reading score was 508 and the average math score 
was 520. • 
WHAT DOES YOUR SCORE RANGE MEAN? 
Your performance is best represented by the score ranges above. 
To consider one score better than another, there must be a 
difference of 60 points between your critical reading and math 
scores, 80 points between your critical reading and writing scores, 
and 80 points between your math and writing scores. 
HOW DO YOU COMPARE WITH COLLEGE-BOUND SENIORS? 
The national percentile for your critical reading score of 530 is 56 , 
indicating that you did better than 56% of the national group of 
college-bound seniors. The national percentile for your math score 
of 550 Is 59, Indicating you did better than 59% of the national 
group of college-bound seniors. ' 
Percentile, average score, and score change information for the 
writing section are not available. The test must be given to students 
for a full year before this information can bo provided. 
See reverse side for additional score details. 
ADDITIONAL SCORE INFORMATION 
eg
Visit vernmcollogeboardoom for detailed Information about 
your scores and to view your essay. 
SUMMARY OF SCORES 
SAT Reasoning Test 
SAT Sub) ct Tests' 
;;51 ..rgt,ATig
ielplicir 
1;%3 
X" 
4. 
ki h.. 
nie,
WS 
. 
. c: 
. 
?.. 2 - 
 
4 .--z 
-. 
e • 
fli 
500 
490 
52 
52 
i 
Oa 
06 
,T 
i
-r1/4 ' 
45.....w ter 
-t. 
,. 
I - 
• 
71 .1* 
tr./ 
c( 
at • 
Aar 
' > cliira
TqWeill
M'  gl# A,":rre..cmi, oek t 
i li 
a 
l'. 
, 
^I; 
- 
) 
-1 
tig., 
it 
• 
to: 
1
i- TTil' a
\ 
TeiltiA . 
:.*m.
UV 
Ne 
Stare 
limo 05 
Kay 05 
12 
11 
530 
520 
550 
490 
REPORT DATE: 12/16/05 
( HIGH SCHOOL COPY - 101493 ) 
ROYAL PALM BEACH FL 33411 
WILL YOUR SCORES CHANGE IF YOU TAKE THE TEST AGAIN? 
Among students with critical reading scores of 530, 55% score 
higher on a second testing, 35% score lower, and 9% receive 
the same score. On average, a person with a critical reading 
score of 530 gains 11 beings) on a second testing. 
Among students with math scores of 550, 57% score 
higher on a second testing, 34% score lower, and 9% 
receive the same score. On average, a person with a math 
score of 550 gains 13 facings) on a second testing. • 
ADDITIONAL SCORE REPORT INFORMATION 
To learn more about colleges, universities, and 
scholarship programs and to send additional score 
reports, visit www.collegeboard.com. 
Prior to LI rch 203. Usecrtikti mad ag section cop 'Hot a 1 tints Items subscorm. 
kr."'" 3: he corral 54.6°"' San" roil these tw° 
'Stier s ft m %As SAT Subject Test In Writing and th writing motion on the SAT Poisoning Tom ars not demperabla. 
sect one are conctrab 9. 
ID INFORMATION 
Register online to take the SAT again. If you do not have access 
to online registration, you can re-register via mai or phone. 
YOU Will need the registration number below and the test date. 
.
.lt4t ,;$ 445%; 
:mturgies* 
4"(grelli.talk 
--iftiolitio*•• 
ir'6084
1-Pk -
0 
7
~.  
etriA:zrolember 
;Tat Center.; 
,c ,
,...v t„ -4, .T.--es.,7*.ttgo 
siztq,c.rit,,-ap ,,,,,,,- ..,-f.p.ora... 
, ,;:tr 
- .-2.! -  '!)i 
• 
...taitiont4emoi;-
Yr " 
!.....ete-n • . . . 
 •• -- • -m. 
Lej.iii,$) 
F 
10735 
ROYAL PALM BEACH COMMUNITY HS 
101493 
EFTA01710036
