---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01541442_20260130_p006_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01541442.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 821
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:12.376856
---

For the Period 3/1/12 to 3/31/12 
Neither JPMS, nor JPMCC is a bank and are each separate legal entities from its bank or thrift affil 
iates. 
Investment Products: Not FDIC Insured 
-No Bank Guarantee -May Lose Value 
Fund manager disclosure information available upon request 
If you have an investment account that is managed by an SEC-Registered Investment Advisor, J.P. Morg 
an will provide a copy of the advisor's Form ADV II or brochure upon written request. 
These statements are not official documents for income tax reporting purposes and should not be reli 
ed upon for such purposes, including determination of income, cost basis, amortization or accretion, 
or gain/loss. Such information, which may be inaccurate, incomplete or subject to updating, should b 
e confirmed with your records and your tax advisor. 
Please take the steps indicated below if you think statement(s) are incorrect or contact your J.P.Mo 
rgan team if you require additional information about a transaction on your 
statement(s). 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE ONLY TO YOUR ASSET ACCOUNT(S) (LINKED TO JPMS) 
Your Asset Account consists of a bank account that custodies assets linked to a brokerage account th 
rough which securities transactions are executed. As a result, the Asset Account statement(s) reflec 
t 
brokerage transactions executed through JPMS but (except for exchange listed options) held in custod 
y at JPMCB. Securities purchased or sold through JPMS in U.S. markets (other then mutual 
funds) are cleared through an affiliate of JPMS, in non-U.S. markets securities are cleared through 
JPMS. Positions in exchange-listed options are held by JPMCC. For your convenience, however, 
positions in exchange-listed options are presented in Asset Account statement(s) together with other 
assets held in such account(s). All pertinent information about your settled and pending purchases 
and sales effected through your JPMS account during the period covered by these statement(s), is sum 
marized in the "Trade Activity" portion of the statement(s). 
In Case of Other Errors or Questions About Your Asset Account Statement(s) 
Please review your statement(s) and promptly report any inaccuracy or discrepancy including possible 
unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, unaccounted cash positions, 
improper payments or transfers in writing to both the introducing broker, JPMS and the clearing firm 
, JPMCC at the addresses shown on your statement(s). Any oral communication should be 
re-confirmed in writing to further protect your rights, including your rights under the Securities I 
nvestor Protection Act (SIPA). If you have any questions please contact your J.P.Morgan team. 
In your written communication, please provide the following information: (1) your name and account n 
umber; (2) the dollar amount of the suspected error; and (3) a description of the error and 
explanation, if you can, why you believe there is an error. If you need more information, you must d 
escribe the item you are unsure about. We must receive your written communication no later than 30 
days after the statement on which the error or problem appeared is sent or made available. If you do 
not so notify us, you agree that the statement activity and account balance(s) are correct. 
JPMCC and JPMS are members of the Securities Investor Protection Corp ("SIPC"), a not-for-profit mem 
bership corporation funded by broker-dealers registered with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Securities and cash held for a customer at JPMCC are protected by SIPC up to $500,000 pe 
 customer, which includes up to $250,000 of protection for cash. SIPC does not protect 
against losses from fluctuations in the value of the securities. Assets held in custody by JPMCB are 
not subject to SIPC. You may obtain information about SIPC, including the SIPC Brochure, on their 
website, at "www.sipc.org" or by contacting them at (202) 371-8300. 
In Case of Errors or Questions About Your Electronic Transfers. 
Contact your J.P. Morgan Team at one of the telephone numbers on the front of your statements or wri 
to us at J.P. Morgan, 500 Stanton Christiana Road, 1/OPS3, Newark, DE 19713-2107 as soon as 
you can, if you think your statement is wrong or if you need more information about a transfer on th 
e statement. We must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent you the FIRST statement on 
which the error or problem appeared. (1) Tell us your name and account number. (2) Describe the erro 
 or the transfer you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe it is an 
error or why you need more information. (3) Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error. We wil 
1 investigate your complaint and will correct any error promptly. If we take more than 10 business 
days (or 20 business days for new accounts) to do this, we will credit your account for the amount y 
ou think is in error, so that you will have the use of the money during the time it takes us to comp 
lete 
our investigation. 
Disclosures Page 2 of 3 
EFTA01541447
