---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01326217_20260130_p400_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01326217.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 538
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:11.230411
---

NOTICE 
Weight and balance or operating limitation changes shall be entered in the approprlate aircraft record. An alteration must be 
compatible with all previous alterations to assure continued conformity with the applicable airworthiness requirements. 
8. Description of Work Accomplished 
(lf more space is required, attach additional sheets. identity with aircraft nationality and registration mark and date work completed.) 
Reworked existing left vestibule entertainment cabinet at F.S. 144 as follows: 
Removed the following equipment: 
1) Stereo cassette deck, Sony P/N: TC-WR808M 
2) Stereo amp, Sony P/N: TA-808M 
3) AM/FM tuner, Sony P/N: ST-707RM 
4) CD player, Sony P/N: CDP-5107 
5) Video switch, ASINC P/N: 912001 
6) VCR, Panasonic P/N: F85A30987 
7) Video monitor, Sony P/N: PVM-2030 
8) Video distribution amp, United P/N: PD-6 
9) Removed upper shelf and compartment doors retaining forward and aft bulkheads. 
10) Relocated existing data loader P/N: DL-800 from upper cabinet to right vestibule upper crew 
cabinet. 
Fabricated and installed new replacement compartment cabinet to accommodate new 
ententainment equipment and provide miscellaneous storage. Compartment cabinet peripheral is 
conitructed.,from,ML610-10111-V5 Aluminum honeycomb panel assembled together in 
accOrdance-withi0C Aviation PrdbUOPecification 116. Overall dimensions of cabinet are 34.5" 
high, la".5" wide and 24.125" deep. Cabinet contains two compartments, an upper removable 
entertainment cabinet fabricated similarly to compartment cabinet using NL610-10111-250 
aluminum honeycomb panel. Cabinet dimension are 17.25" high, 18.5" wide and 14.5" deep and 
contains mounting provisions for the following new equipment: 
1) CD magazine or tape storage 
3) AM/FM cassette player, Alpine P/N: TDA7552 
3) CD changer, Sony P/N: CDX-91 
4) CD controller, Sony P/N: RM-X59RF 
5) VCR, Panasonic P/N: PV4662 
Lower compartment dimensions are 16.0" high. 18.0" wide and 24.125" deep and is used for 
miscellaneous storage. The overall compartment cabinet is retained to the existing lower 
compartment structure and bulkheads using MS hardware and threaded inserts installed per K-C 
Aviation Process Specification 105. Entertainment and miscellaneous storage compartment are 
closed out with a hinged doors ancActron positive type latches. 
Fabricated and installed a new tapes and CD storage drawer in lower compartment. Overall 
dimensions are 5.0" high, 18.5" wide and 23.0" deep. Door is hinged with Brusso L23 knife 
hinges and retained in the closed position using an Actron positive type latch P/N: A23060-9. 
Entertainment cabinet compartments maximum placarded weights are as follows: 
1) Upper CD magazine and tape storage compartment - 5.0 Lbs. 
2) Miscellaneous storage compartment - 25.0 Lbs. 
3) Fitted tapes/disc storage drawer - 25.0 Lbs. 
Electrical aspects covered separately. 
All metal fabrication practices per K-C Aviation Process Specification 106. 
All threaded fastener installations per K-C Aviation Process Specification 105. 
Fabrication of bulkheads, cabinets, drawers and doors per K-C Aviation Process Specification 
116. 
Cabin interior compartment placards description detailed in K-C Aviation drawing GIV-25-01-218 
and layout per drawing GIV-25.04-218. 
Fasteners torqued using AC43.13-1A chapter 5 as a guide. 
Corrosion protection accomplished using AC 43.13-1A chapter 6 as a guide. 
Weight and balance accomplished using AC43.13-1A chapter 13 and the aircraft manufacturer's 
weight and balance manual as a guide. 
Materials used meet the requirements of FAR 25.853. 
The aircraft weight and balance manual and equipment list revised. 
 
END 
0 Additional sheets Are Attached 
*U.S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1912-769-0I2/601S7 
SDNY_GM_02754101 
SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, and 17 
EFTA 00241023 
EFTA01326616
