---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01726603_20260130_p033_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01726603.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 658
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:15.117578
---

DUPLICATE COPY 
cd For 
kccor4 Numter 
then; Dele 
>COCCX>DOa 04/11/04 
Page 7 of 8 
1. 0 ....CUstOmbaraSe 
Neiman Marcus Shopping Earns Extra Rewards 
Reward yourself twice for each purchase when you shop with the 
Platinum Card® at Neiman Marcus stores nationwide. Simply enroll 
your Card in the Neiman Marcus InCircle Rewards® program and 
earn one InCircle Rewards point as well as one Membership 
Rewards® point for every purchase you charge using your enrolled 
Platinum Card. 
The InCircle Rewards program gives you one point for each dollar charged to your enrolled 
Platinum Card excludne sates tax, shipping, beauty salons, alterations, gift packaging and 
NM gift cards*. Membership Rewards Terms and Conditions apply. 
For more information, or to 
enroll your Platinum bard 
with InCircle Rewards, 
call 1.888-INCIRCLE 
(1.686.462.4725). 
(CE 104304) 
Benefits at Equinox Fitness Clubs 
It's not fitness. It's life. Equinox enhances your fife inside and outside 
the gym. And, when you use your Platinum Card® to purchase a 
one-year membership at the standard Platinum Card rate, you'll 
receive benefits that do just that. Enjoy an All-Club Access upgrade 
for entry to locations throughout NY, CT, Chicago and LA for personal 
training, spa sessions, and more.* Card members who already 
belong to Equinox can contact the club to receive five guest passes, 
an Equinox gym bag and T-shirt. 
*Upgrade to All-Club Access membership is for first year of membership. Offer valid for new 
members only. 
Visit www. 
equinoxfitness.com or 
al 212-774-6376 to get 
started today. 
(CE 104338) 
Enjoy Fine Dining Around the World 
For dinner reservations across town, across the country, or across 
the ocean, look to the Fine Dining program available to you as a 
Platinum Card® member. Every day, a reservation is held at more 
than 1,000 of the most highly acclaimed restaurants in the U.S., 
Canada and abroad. So, when the need arises for a reservation at a 
hometown favorite or an outstanding restaurant in another city, 
rely on the Fine Dining program. 
Reservations are provided on a first-come, first-served basis, so please call as early as 
possible. Ali cancollafions must be made by calling Platinum Cando Concierge at least 24 
hours In advance of the reservation. Otherwise, a ;15-per-person cancellation fee ($60 
minimum, $120 maximum) will apply. 
To make a Fine Dining 
reservation, call 
Concierge at 
1.800-345.2639, 
option 2 
(CE 104341) 
Earn Double Points Every Day on the Platinum Card® 
Earn double Membership Rewards® points for your purchases when 
you use your Platinum Card at supermarkets, drugstores, gas 
stations, the U.S. Postal Service, and to pay wireless phone bills. 
Double points for everyday purchases is an ongoing benefit of your 
Platinum Card membership. And you'll continue to earn one point for 
every eligible dollar charged to your Platinum Card when making 
other purchases. 
Offer applies at qualifying stand-alone drug stores, gas stations, and the U.S. Postal 
Service. Not valid in the departments of superstores or warehouse clubs. To pay your 
wireless phone bill automatically, please call your wireless provider. 
itiVi7o 
moot, 
For more information, call 
Platinum Card Customer 
Service at 
1.800.525.3355. 
(CE 104302) 
FEE-FREE American Express® Travelers Cheques! 
As an American Express Cardmember you can purchase FEE-FREE* 
American Express Travelers Cheques and Cheques for Two® at 
participating American Express Travel Service locations. Behind every 
M 
Travelers Cheque is someone who can help in a travel emergency 
s
 
che
Travelerse 
24/7—from replacing lost or stolen Cheques, to assistance with 
replacing lost credit cards and passports.** 
Cheques 
'Not all services available at all locations. Bulled to all local laws and cash availability. 
—Proof of Travelers Cheques purchase may be required Credit Card Rep acemenl 
Assistance is for major bank-issued credit cards only. Fees for passport/credit card 
replacement are the sole responsibility of the customer. For complete Terms, call 
1-800-AXP-8347. 
To find your nearest 
American Express Travel 
Senn'oas location, call 
1.800-AXP-8347. 
(CE 104335) 
Offers aro made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01726635
