---
source_image: "book-page+scanned-document__EFTA01334040_20260130_p006_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01334040.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 1325
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T16:03:52.926382
---

being so brutal as to be "irresponsible." 
One repone; m fart, received three threes 
from Epstein while preparing a piece. They 
were delivered in a jocular tone, but the 
message was clear: There will be trouble 
for your family if I don't like the article. 
On the other hand, Epstein is clearly 
wry generous with friends. Joe Pagano. an 
Aspen-based venture capitalist. who has 
known Epstein since before his Bear Stearns 
days. can't say enough nice things: "I have 
a boy who's dyslexic. and Jeffrey's gotten 
close to him over the years.... Jeffrey got 
him into music. He bought him his first 
piano. And then as he got to school he had 
difficulty ... in studying 
so Jeffrey got 
him interest$ in taking flying lessons." 
Rosa Monckton recalls Epstein telling 
her that her.daughter. Domenic-a. who sub 
fess from Down syndrome. needed the sun. 
and that Rosa should feel free to bring her 
to his house in Palm Beach anytime. 
Some friends remember that in the late 
80s Epstein would offer to upgrade the air-
line tickets of good friends by affixing first-
class stickers: the ooh' problem was that the 
stickers turned out to be unofficial. Some-
times the technique worked. but other times 
it didn't. and the unwitting recipients found 
themselves exiled to coach. (Epstein has 
claimed that he paid for the upgrades. and 
had no knowledge of the stickers.) Many of 
those who benefited from Epstein's largesse 
claim that his generosity comes with no 
strings attached. "I never felt he wanted 
anything from me in return." says one old 
friend. who received a first-class upgrade. 
media. Right now, in the wake of the pub-
hefty following his trip with Clinton, he 
must be in a very difficult place." 
A
ccording to S.E.C. and 
other legal documents un-
earthed by Vanity Fair, 
Epstein may have good 
reason to keep his past 
cloaked in secrecy: his real 
mentoc it might seem, was 
not Leslie Mk:trier but Steven Jude Hoffen-
berg. 5' who. for a few months before the 
S.E.C. sued to freeze his assets in 1993, was 
trying to buy the New York Post. He is cur-
rently incarcerated in the Federal Medical 
Center in Devens. Massachusetts. serving a 
20-year sentence for bilking investors out of 
more than 5450 million in one of the lamest 
Ponzi schemes in American history. 
When Epstein met HotTenberg in Lon-
don in the 1980s. the latter was the char-
ismatic, audacious head of the Towers 
Financial Corporation. a collection agency 
that was supposed to buy debts that peo-
ple owed to hospitals. banks. and phone 
companies. But Hoffenberg began using 
company funds to pay off earlier investors 
and service a lavish lifestyle that included a 
mansion on Long Island. homes on Man. 
hanan's Sutton Place and in Florida. and a 
fleet of cars and planes. 
Hoffenberg and Epstein had much in 
common. Both were smart and obsessed 
with making money. Both were from Brook-
lyn. Acconling to Holknberg. the two men 
were introduced by Douglas Leese. a de-
fense contractor. Epstein has said they were 
IFI 
pstein is known about tor 
introduced by John Mitchell. the late attor-
as a man who loves amok 71 new general. 
en—lots of them. moult,' 
Epstein had been running International 
young. Model types have *Assets Group Inc. tl.A.G.). a consulting 
been heard saying they aigi company. out of his apartment in the Solo 
full of gratitude to 
Eps4E
building on East 66th Street in New York. 
for flying them around. and 
Though he has claimed that he managed 
he is a kmiliar face to many of the View- 
money kr billionaires only. in a 1989 dep-
ria's Seem girls. One young woman recalls 
being summoned by Ghislaine Maxwell to 
a concert at Epstein's town house. where 
the women seemed to outnumber the men 
by far. "These were not women you'd see 
at Upper East Side dinners." the woman 
recalls. -Many seemed foreign and dressed 
a little bizarrely." This same guest also at-
tended a cocktail party thrown by Maxwell 
that Prince Andrew attended. which was 
filled, she says. with young Russian mod-
els. "Some of the guests were horrified." 
the woman says. 
"He's reckless." says a former business 
associate. "and he's gotten more so. Mon-
ey does that to you. He's barking the oath 
he made to himself—that he would never 
do anything that would expose him in the 
MAtCH 
'00) 
osition he testified that he spent 80 per-
cent of his time helping people recover 
stolen money from fraudulent brokers and 
lawyers. He was also not above entering 
into risky, tax-sheltered oil and gas deals 
with much smaller investors. A lawsuit that 
Michael Stroll, the former head of Wil-
liams Electronics Inc.. filed against Epstein 
shows that in I981 I.A.G. received an in. 
vestment from Stroll of 5450.000. which 
Epstein put into oil. In 1984. Stroll asked 
for his money back: four years later he had 
received only 510.000. Stroll lost the suit, 
after Epstein claimed in court, among oth-
er things, that the check for 310.000 was for 
a horse he'd bought from Stroll. -My net 
worth never exceeded four and a half mil-
lion dollars." Stroll has stud. 
Hoffenberg, says a close friend, "really 
liked Jeffrey.... Jeffrey has a way of getting 
under your skin, and he was under Hof-
fenberg's." Also appealing to Hoffenberg 
were Epstein's social connections; they in-
cluded oil mogul Cece Wang (lather of the 
designer Vera) and Mohan Murjani, whose 
clothing company grew into Gloria Van-
derbilt Jeans. Epstein lived large even then. 
One friend recalls that when he took Cana-
dian heiress Wendy Belzberg on a date he 
hired a Rolls-Royce especially for the oc-
casion. (Epstein has claimed he owned it.) 
In 1987. Hoffenberg. according to sources. 
set Epstein up in the offices he still occu-
pies in the Villard House. on Madison Av-
enue. across a courtyard from the restaurant 
Le Cirque. Hoffenberg hired his new pro-
tege as a consultant at 525.000 a month. 
and the relationship flourished. "They trav-
eled everywhere together—on Hoffinberg's 
plane. all around the world. they were aF 
ways together." says a source. Hoffenberg 
has claimed that Epstein confided in him. 
saying. for example. that he had left Bear 
Stearns in 1981 after he was discovered ex-
ecuting "illegal operations: 
Several of Epsteirf, Lew Steams comm• 
poaries recall that Epstein left the compa-
ny very suddenly nithin the company there 
were rumors also that he was involved in a 
technical infringement. and it was thought 
that the etecutive committee asked that he 
resign after his two supporters. Ace Green-
berg and Jimmy Car. were outnumbered. 
Greenberg says he can't recall this: Cayne 
denies it hanpened. and Epstein has de-
nied it as well. "Jeffrey Epstein left Bear 
Steams of his own volition." says Caw eve. 
"It was never suggested that he leave by 
any member of management. and manage-
ment never looked into any improprieties 
by him. Jeffrey said specifically. 'I don't 
want to work for anybody else. I want to 
work for myself:" Yet. this is not the story 
that Epstein told to the S.E.C. in 1981 and 
to lawyers in a 1989 deposition involving a 
civil business case in Philadelphia. 
In 1981 the S.E.C.'s Jonathan Harris and 
Robert Blackburn took Epstein's testimony 
and that of other Bear Steams employees in 
part of what became a protracted case 
about insider trading around a tender of
placed on March II. 1981. by the Seagram 
Company Ltd. for St. Joe Minerals Corp. 
Ultimately several Italian and Swiss in-
vestors were found guilty. including Italian 
financier Giuseppe Tome. who had used 
his relationship with Seagram owner Edgar 
Bronfman Sr. to obtain information about 
the tender offer. 
After the tender offer was announced. 
the S.E.C. began investigating trades in-
volving St. Joe at cnNti veto cry P‘Of 
'I' 
VAI*1 •,  IA 
as 
SDNY GM 02764641 
SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, and 17 
EFTA 00251483 
EFTA01334045
