---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01661103_20260130_p058_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01661103.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 689
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:13.216353
---

Prepaid Fa 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
DUPLICATE COPY 
. aM
xx 
OCX2-61005 
Page 22 of 22 
Discover the Convenience of Online-Only Statements 
Still holding on to these paper statements? Let us keep the records 
for you! Did you know that your six most recent statements are online 
now? In addition, we have over a year's worth of exact copies of your 
historical statements available to you within 24 hours of your 
request--at no cost! Still think you need that paper reminder? Not to 
worry, we'll send you a monthly e-mail notifying you that your 
statement is ready to be viewed online. You'll be able to: 
View recent activity since your last statement 
• Sort through your statement's transaction detail by date, merchant, 
or amount 
• Download your transactions into Quicken or Microsoft Money 
CARDMEMBER 
BENEFITS 
Switch to online-only 
statements today at 
www.amerlcanexpress. 
com/onllneonly. 
(CE 107105) 
Sail Silversea Cruises - The American Express Mariner Club 
--fatriecwo 
With the American Express Mariner Club, the ocean is your playground. Book 
your Silversea Cruise that takes you from Copenhagen to the wonders of 
Northern Europe with stops In Tallin (Estonia), St. Petersburg (Russia), and 
Helsinki (Finland), before arriving in Stockholm (Sweden). With sail dates in July 
2006, be a part of an extraordinary cruise experience at an incredible value. 
By booking a Silversea Cruise with the American Express Mariner Club you will 
enjoy exclusive benefits such as reduced fares, friendly and professional 
on-board host, exclusive cocktail parties, free shoreside events, Cardmember 
benefits, and morel' 
Mariner host, shoreside events and cocktail parties contingent on minimum 
number of passengers and are subject to change. 
Certain restrictions-apply. Offers are capacity controlled and may be.modifi'ed or withdrawn 
without prior notice. American Express Travel Related Services Ccmpariy,:lnc. acts solely 
as sales agent for travel suppliers and is not liable for their acts or inactions. 
CST# 1022318-10, TA-002 Registered Iowa Travel Agency NV #2001.0126 Washington 
USW, 600-469-694, MIS 1192. 2005 American Express. Promo Code: E3896003. 
'Call American Express 
Travel at 1.888-AXP-0074 
and Mention Promo Code: 
E3890003 to learn about 
this, and other, American 
Express Mariner Club 
Silversea Cruises voyage. 
(CE 107101) 
Reward Yourself with USA TODAY for Only $0.48 Per Day! 
Start your day off right with home or office delivery of USA TODAY. 
USA TODAY delivers the news you need to know, when you need it, 
in a concise format to save you time. Enrich your life with exclusive 
stories only found in USA TODAY. Just 13 weeks for $31.20, 26 
weeks for $62.40 or 52 weeks for $124.80. Get an extra 2 weeks free 
when you sign up for EZ Pay. We'll charge your American Express® 
Card at the renewal rate--currently 13 weeks for $39.00, 26 weeks for 
$74.25, 52 weeks for $134.99--until you call to cancel. 
Only American Express Cards are accepted. Void in Alaska. Local sales tax, when 
applicable, will be added to your order. Savings calculated against the newsstand price of 
$0.75 per copy. 
Call 1.800-872.0001 and 
ask for promotion 555. 
Or visit us online at 
www.myusatoday.com/ 
bestdeal. 
(CE 107099) 
Meet the Future of Television with a DIRECTV PLUS® DVR! 
Call 1-877-720-9114 and ask how to get a free lease upgrade to a 
DIRECTV® DVR after $100 instant rebate and free standard 
installation in up to 3 additional rooms when you use your American 
Express® Card to pay for DIRECTV service. DIRECTV programming, 
equipment and DVR service available separately. On approved credit. 
Two-year programming commitment required. Offer code 8639. 
New lease customers only. In certain markets, programming/pricing may vary. 
Programming pricing, terms and conditions subject to change. Taxes not included. 
Equipment not transferable and may not be sold. Pricing residential. Not available in AK/ Ill. 
Receipt of DIRECTV programming subject to DIRECTV Customer Agreement, copy 
provided at DIRECTV.com and in first bill. 02006 DIRECTV, Inc. DIRECTV and the 
Cyclone Design logo are registered trademarks of DIRECTV, Inc. 
DIRECT?' 
Call DIRECTV at 
1-877-720-9114 and 
provide offer code 8639 
today! Offer valid between 
April 1 and June 30, 2006. 
(CE 107098) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you moot these criteria. 
EFTA01661160
