---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01329795_20260130_p1025_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01329795.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 707
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:11.269943
---

0 0 0 0 0, 0 I 3 I 
information as RACC may request regarding the Operative Agreements, any material amendments thereto 
or modifications thereof, and any other contract or agreement governing, relating to or arising out of 
Debtors right, title or interest in the Collateral, including, without limitation, information regarding Debtors 
payments and performance thereunder. Debtor agrees not to enter into any amendments or modification 
of the Operative Agreements or any other contract or agreement governing, relating to or arising out of 
Debtors right, title or interest in the Collateral without RACC's prior written consent. 
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, RACC shall not be liable under the Operative 
Agreements to perform any of the Debtor's obligations thereunder, nor be required or obligated in any 
manner to make any payment, or make any inquiry as to the nature or sufficiency of any payment 
received by Flight Options, or present or file any claim, or take any action to collect or enforce the 
payment of any amounts which may have been assigned to it or to which it may be entitled at any time or 
times. 
3. Debtor's Warranty of Title end Citizenship. Except for the security interest granted under this 
Security Agreement, Debtor warrants That Debtor is (or, to the extent that the Collateral is to be acquired 
hereafter, will be) and shall remain at all times the owner of the Collateral free from any prior security 
interest, lien or encumbrance. WITHOUT IN ANY WAY LIMITING THE FOREGOING, CUSTOMER 
SHALL NOT SELL, TRANSFER, ASSIGN, CHARTER, SUBLEASE, CONVEY, PLEDGE, MORTGAGE 
OR OTHERWISE ENCUMBER ITS OR RACC'S INTEREST IN AND TO THE AIRCRAFT OR 
DEBTOR'S UNDIVIDED INTEREST THEREIN, AND ANY SUCH SALE, TRANSFER, ASSIGNMENT, 
CHARTER, SUBLEASE, CONVEYANCE, PLEDGE, MORTGAGE OR ENCUMBRANCE, WHETHER 
BY OPERATION OF LAW OR OTHERWISE, WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF RACC 
SHALL BE NULL AND VOID. Debtor will defend the Collateral against all claims and demands of all 
persons claiming interest therein. Debtor further warrants that it is and shall remain at all times a citizen of 
the United States as defined by 49 U.S.C. ยง 40102. 
4. Debtor Will Execute and Deliver Documents. Debtor will, at RACC's request, furnish RACC such 
information and execute and deliver to RACC such documents and do all such acts and things as RACC 
may reasonably request as are necessary or appropriate to assist RACC in establishing and maintaining a 
valid security interest in the Collateral and to assure that the Collateral is properly titled and registered and 
the security interest perfected to RACC's reasonable satisfaction. Debtor will pay the cost of filing all 
appropriate documents In all public offices where RACC deems such filings necessary or desirable. 
5. Operation, Maintenance and Repair. Except as otherwise expressly provided in the Operative 
Agreements (it being acknowledge that performance by Flight Options of its related obligations under the 
Operative Agreements shall be deemed to be performance by Debtor for purposes of this Section 5), 
Debtor shall operate, maintain and repair the Collateral and retain actual control and possession thereof In 
accordance with the following provisions: 
5a. Debtor shall have complete use of the Collateral until default, and Debtor shall use, operate, 
maintain and store the Collateral, or any part thereof, properly, carefully and in compliance with all 
applicable statutes, ordinances, regulations, policies of insurance and manufacturers recommendation and 
operating and maintenance manuals. 
5b. Debtor agrees that the Collateral will be operated only by duly certificated and qualified pilots and 
shall maintain U.S. registry and shall be based within the geographical boundaries of the United States. 
5c. Debtor shall be responsible for and pay for all expenses of owning and operating the Collateral, 
including but not limited to storage, fuel, lubricants, service, inspections, overhauls, replacements, 
maintenance and repairs, all in compliance with the manufacturers operating and maintenance manuals 
and with FAA rules and regulations. Debtor shall properly maintain all records pertaining to the 
maintenance and operation of the Collateral. 
5d. Debtor will use reasonable care to prevent the Aircraft from being damaged or injured and will 
promptly (but in no event later than 60 days after discovery) replace any part or component of the Aircraft 
BAlc20Dectr2 
SDNY_GM_027 59434 
SUBJECT TO PROTECTIVE ORDER PARAGRAPHS 7, 8, 9,10, 15, and 17 
EFTA_00246356 
EFTA01330819
