---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01704493_20260130_p013_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01704493.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 539
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:14.137807
---

DUPLICATE COPY 
Pr 
Fa 
ACcard Nuirtar 
X X XX -)000a 
Page 10 of 10 
Travel Medical Protection - Travel with Peace of Mind 
Travel Medical Protection, offered exclusively to American Express® 
Cardmembers, provides insurance coverage for up to $100,000 for 
eligible expenses related to evacuations and medical and dental 
emergencies, while on a Covered Trip traveling anywhere in the 
world, when more than 150 mile radius from Your Permanent 
Residence for up to 45 days* whether driving, flying on a Scheduled 
Airline or taking the Amtrak. 
Travel Medical Protection is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative 
office, De Pere, Wisconsin. Coverage is subject to the terms, conditions, and exclusions of 
Master Policies: (varies per slate) AX0950, AX0916, AX0124 or Policy Form Number 
TMP-IND and is subject to change with notice. 'In most stales. 
4 
INSURA 
There are some things 
you can't pack in a 
suitcase, like adequate 
insurance. So travel with 
peace of mine To learn 
more about the coverage 
or how you can enroll 
yourself and your loved 
ones, cat-800497-2900 
and mention RSVP code 
NMJ. 
(CE 106937) 
Now Accepting American Express® Cards! 
ADT® - A single ADT system can help protect your life and property 
from burglary, fire, carbon monoxide and more. Call 
1-800-ADT-ASAP or visit www.adt.com today. 
Burger King® - Buy your next Whopper sandwich with the American 
Express Card. Have It Your Way® means Pay It Your Way® at 
participating restaurants. Go to www.bk.com. 
HQ - NY Bistro in the heart of Soho serving Brunch, Lunch, and 
Dinner is accepting Valentine's reservations. 90 Thompson St. New 
York City. 212-966-2766. 
If there are other places 
where you would like to 
see the Card accepted, 
please call the Customer 
Service number that is 
located at the top of your 
statement or the number 
that is on the back of your 
Card. 
(CE 106847) 
Fraud Protection Guarantee 
When you use the American Express@ Card online or off, you won't 
be responsible for any unauthorized charges. Period. No fine print, no 
deductible--just pure protection, so you can shop with confidence 
anywhere on the Internet or in shops. Should any fraudulent charges 
appear on your statement, simply notify us at the number.on the back 
of your Card. 
a 
CARDMEN1BtR 
BEPIEFITS 
To learn more, visit 
tiwnv.americanexpress. 
com/fraudprotectIon 
guarantee. 
(CE 106961) 
Identity Theft Assistance from American Express 
No matter how careful you are, identity theft can happen to you. But 
here's the good news. With Identity Theft Assistance, we have 
representatives on call when you need them--24/7—in case the 
unexpected does happen. We can help determine if you are a victim 
of identity theft, recommend steps for recovery, and offer tips on how 
to protect yourself in the future. On request we'll also send you a 
comprehensive package designed to further help you navigate the 
recovery process. Should you discover that somebody is using your 
identity online or in shops, you can turn to American Express for help. 
And more good news--as a valued Cardmember, you automatically 
receive Identity Theft Assistance, free of charge. 
CARDMEMBER 
BEUEFITS 
For more information, visit 
us online at 
vAvw.americanexpress. 
com/Idtheft. 
(CE 106963) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01704505
