---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01703316_20260130_p049_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01703316.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 655
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:14.107807
---

Papa tlFw 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
DUPLICATE COPY 
xx)&14aO()(8-42008 
Page 8 of 8 
Now Accepting American Express® Cards! 
Bon-Ton - Your source for great fashions from your favorite brands, 
plus a complete Home Store section for every style. Visit 
www.bonton.com for the location nearest you. 
US Helicopter - Providing hourly departures from Wall Street and 
East 34th Street Heliports to JFK airport! Ride above the traffic with 
us, Monday-Friday all day long! www.flyush.com. 
Pacha New York - The 1st American home of Europe's premiere 
clubbing experience. Four floors and 30,000 square feet of lavish 
nightlife. www.pachanyc.com. 212-209-7500. 
If there are other places 
where you would like to 
see the Card accepted, 
please call the Customer 
Service number that is 
located at the top of your 
statement or the number 
that is on the back of your 
Card. 
(CE 106981) 
Going Once. Don't Let Your Dream Trip Slip Away 
Are you a golfer or a connoisseur? A trend-setter or a jet-setter? And 
out where your passion will take you when American Express unveils 
Going Once. Starting April 25th, you'll get the chance to bid on the 
trip of a lifetime or buy an incredible vacation package at a 
Cardmember-only price. You decide. And while you're at it, choose 
any of the premium offers from top name brands. To learn more, visit 
www.trip.mylifemycard.com/dreamtrip. 
Available to U.S. Cardmembers only. Quantities of travel packages are limited and will be 
sold on a first-come, first-served basis. All sales are final. Void where prohibited. 
Restrictions apply. See www.mylIfemycard.com/dreamtrip for full details. Offers subject 
to lull terms and conditions available on vAvve.mylifemycard.com/dreamtrip. 
(CE 107061) 
Sail Silversea Cruises - The American Express Mariner Club 
MAREIERCLUB 
With the American Express Mariner Club, the ocean is your playground. Book 
your Silversea Cruise that takes you from Copenhagen to the wonders of 
Northern Europe with stops in Tallin (Estonia), St. Petersburg (Russia), and 
Helsinki (Finland), before arriving in Stockholm (Sweden). With sail dates in July 
2006, be a part of an extraordinary cruise experience at an indeedible value. 
By booklng a Silversea Cruise with the American Express Mariner Club you will 
enjoy exclusive benefits such as reduced fares, friendly and professional 
on-board host, exclusive cocktail parties, free shoreside events, Cardmember 
benefits, and morel* 
Mariner host, shoreside events and cocktail parties contingent on minimum 
number of passengers and are subject to change. 
Certain restrictions apply. Offers we capacity controlled and may be modified or withdrawn 
without prior notice. American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. acts solely 
as sates agent for travel suppliers and is not liable for their acts or inactions. 
CST# 1022318-10, TA-002 Registered Iowa Travel Agency NV #2001.0126, Washington 
USTI 600-469-694, ML# 1192. 2005 American Express. Promo Code: E3890003. 
tall American Express 
Travel at 1.888-AXP-0074 
and Mention Promo Code: 
E3890003 to learn about 
this, and other, American 
Express Mariner Club 
Silversea Cruises voyage. 
(CE 107101) 
Reward Yourself with USA TODAY for Only $0.48 Per Day! 
Start your day off right with home or office delivery of USA TODAY. 
USA TODAY delivers the news you need to know, when you need it, 
in a concise format to save you time. Enrich your life with exclusive 
stories only found in USA TODAY. Just 13 weeks for $31.20, 26 
weeks for $62.40 or 52 weeks for $124.80. Get an extra 2 weeks free 
when you sign up for EZ Pay. We'll charge your American Express® 
Card at the renewal rate--currently 13 weeks for $39.00, 26 weeks for 
$74.25, 52 weeks for $134.99--until you call to cancel. 
Only American Express Cards are aooepted. Void in Alaska. Local sales tax, when 
applicable, will be added to your order. Savings calculated against the newsstand price of 
$0.75 per copy. 
Call 1.800-872.0001 and 
ask for promotion 555. 
Or visit us online at 
www.myusatoday.com/ 
bestdeal. 
(CE 107099) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01703364
