---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01704093_20260130_p033_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01704093.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 653
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:14.118806
---

DUPLICATE COPY 
PnyvedFa 
G MAXWELL 
CustomExtras-
cinfocia 
05/08/04 
Page 5 of 6 
Share the Benefits of the Platinum Card® 
Give someone close to you an Additional Platinum Card. They can 
enjoy many of the unique Card member benefits you are currently 
entitled to as a Platinum Card member, such as the International 
Airline Program, the Fine Dining Program and Platinum Card® 
Concierge. What's more, they will benefit from the convenience of 
world-class American Express Customer Service--24 hours a day. 
The annual fee for each Additional Platinum Card is $175. 
Terms, Conditions and Restrictions apply. The Additional Cardmember must be 18 yeas or 
older, and must have never had a defaulted account with American Express. Any account 
you have with American Express must not be in default. 
To apply or learn more, 
ca0 1400-5254355. 
(CE 104345) 
Los Angeles Baseball Tickets and Suites Now on Sale 
As a Platinum Card® member, you can enjoy professional baseball in 
Los Angeles this season--from plush seats located between the 
dugouts behind home plate or a private luxury suite that 
accommodates up to 20 people. Tickets include premium parking 
passes. 
M sales are final and nonrefundable and resale is prohibited. Details and prices are subject 
to change. Suites and tickets are available on a first-come, first-served basis. All ticket 
orders are subject to service charges. Payment must be made using the Platinum Card 
from American Express. Ticket limits may apply. Availability is limited. 
Cal 1-800-321-RSVP 
8am to 11prii ET to 
purchase your tickets, 
or visit 
www.amerlcanexpress. 
comfluxurysuites 
for details. 
(CE 104420) 
Earn Double Points on the Platinum Card® 
Earn double Membership Rewards® points for your purchases when 
you use your Platinum Card at supermarkets, drugstores, gas 
stations, the U.S. Postal Service, and to pay wireless phone bills. 
Double points for everyday purchases is an ongoing benefit of your 
Platinum Card membership. And you'll continue to eam one point for 
virtually every dollar charged to your Platinum Card when making 
other purchases. 
Offer applies at qualifying stand-alone drug stores, gas stations, and the U.S. Postal 
Service. Not valid in the departments of siiperstores or warehouse dubs. To pay your 
wireless phone txl automatically, please call your wireless provider. 
For more Information, call 
Platinuln Card Customer 
Service at 
1.800.525.3355. 
(CE 104419) 
International Airline Program - 2 Fly for the Price of 1 
With the International Airline Program, a companion can fly with you 
aboard one of our participating carriers when you make your 
reservation through PTS. Just purchase a full-fare First Class or 
Business Class ticket with PTS and you'll receive a complimentary 
ticket with the same itinerary as your own. There's no limit to the 
number of times you can take advantage of this benefit and 
practically no limit to your choice of international destinations. 
Program Terms and Conditions apply. For full program information, visit 
www.americanexpress.com/plallnum. 
Make your reservations 
through PTS today by 
calling 1-800443-7872 or 
refer your travel agent to 
PTS. 
(CE 104447) 
Carry the TravelFunds® Card from American Express 
Whenever you travel, consider taking the prepaid, reloadable 
TravelFunds Card from American Express--instead of cash or debit 
cards. It's safer than cash and is a convenient way to carry money 
while you travel. Unlike debit cards, it's not linked to your bank 
account and you'll have access to valuable travel services such as 
passport/credit card replacement assistance.* 
Proof of TravelFunds Card purchase may be required. Credit card replacement assistance 
is for major bank-issued credit cards only (not retail store, gasoline, calling cards, etc). 
'Fees for passport/credit card replacement are the sole responsibility of the customer. ATM 
fees apply. For complete Terms, visit www.americanexpress.com/buync or call 
1.888.412.6945. 
TravelFunds Card from 
American Express is 
accepted at millions of 
places that accept 
American Express. 
Purchase yours today at 
wvny.americanexpress. 
comlbuytfc or by calling 
1488.412-6945. 
(CE 104424) 
offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01704125
