---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01704393_20260130_p058_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01704393.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 581
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:14.133806
---

DUPLICATE COPY 
Aca3
XXXI-X
jmber
Xa
Page 8 of 8 
Premium Global Assist® Hotline • Travel with Confidence 
When you travel 100 miles or more away from home, rely on Premium 
Global Assist Hotline for around-the-clock medical, legal or financial 
assistance. For medical needs, American Express will provide you 
with a list of physicians and dentists in your destination, assist with 
travel arrangements if you need to get home in a hurry, and pay for 
the cost of emergency transport to a medical facility. You can also 
look to American Express for help with visas, passports, lost luggage, 
and more. 
Premium Global Assist Hotline must arrange al medical and visitor transoortaton. Because 
this is an assistance service, we cannot reimburse you for expenses you incur on your own. 
For more information, call 
1.800.345.2639 or the 
direct-dial coiled number, 
715-343-7979. 
(CE 105991) 
Airport Club Access Around the World 
Enjoy complimentary access to participating Continental Airlines 
Presidents Clubs®, Delta Crown Room Clubs® and Northwest 
WorldClubs® airport lounges. Simply present your Platinum Card®, 
government-issued ID and ticket valid for travel that day with the 
corresponding airline operating the flight. 
The Platinum Card member must present his or her valid Card, government-issued ID, and 
airline ticket to club agents. Code-share and affiliated lounge agreements do not apply. 
Platinum Card member must be 21 years of age to enter into the Airport Club LOunge 
without a parent or guardian. Card members must adhere to all house rules of partidpating 
clubs. 
For more information on 
lounge locations visit 
www.amddcanexpress. 
comlptatlnum or call 
Platinum Customer 
Service at 
14300-525-n45. 
(CE 105988) 
How Much Money Could You Save? 
If you haven't shopped for car insurance lately you might be throwing 
money out the window. Get a quote from the American Express 
Property Casualty companies to see how much YOU could save*. 
- Save $225 when you switch from AIG. 
- Save 5231 when you switch from Allstate. 
- Save $266 when you switch from Geico. 
- Save $327 when you switch from Progressive. 
Savings vary by state and apply to certain coverages. 
Price comparison data collected from respondents at time of contact. Individual savings 
may vary based upon a variety of factors. Property Casualty insurance is underwritten by 
AMEX Assurance Company or IDS Property Casually Insurance Company. 
Call 1-800-842-3344 today 
and be sure to mention 
reference code 1N9 to 
receive your quick, 
no-obligation quote. 
Or, if you prefer, visit 
vnwtamericanexpress. 
corniautehome to get 
your quote. . 
(CE 105969) 
Help Make Life Simpler with Sprint® 
-Sprhat 
Sign up for Automatic Bill Payment with Sprint® by visiting 
www.sprint.com/amx. Or call 1-888-221-4727. 
(CE 105979) 
Stay Up-to-Date by E-Mail! 
Would you like information about American Express products and 
services, plus valuable savings on travel, entertainment, and retail 
purchases to be delivered to your inbox? Just visit 
www.amerlcanexpress.com/myernall, provide your e-mail address 
along with your Card number and the 4-digit Card ID number printed 
above your account number, and we'll get you started today! 
We may also inform you of important account updates and Cardrnember offers from time to 
time. You can learn more about how we use your equal address by reading the American 
Express Pnvacy Statement al www.americanexpress.comrprivacy, and you can visit the 
E-mail Preferences page at www.amoricanoxpross.com/proforoncos to review or change 
your e-mail choices at any time. 
Visit 
vnwtamericanexpress. 
corrUmyerriall and sign up 
todayl 
(CE 105971) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01704450
