---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01703216_20260130_p085_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01703216.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 689
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:14.102807
---

Popvid Fa 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
DUPLICATE COPY 
Amount Nulty 
)CCO(-X))00(8.42008 
Page 12 of 12 
tk
Ameriprise
IWItivIAMet. 
Fiancid 
Great Savings This Fall with Your American Express® Card 
AIVIERICAN 
EGRESS 
This fall, American Express gives you acess to offers you won't find 
anywhere else. Visit the site where merchants present some of the 
most colorful opportunites they can think of. 
Offers subject to full terms and conditions available on www.mylifemycard.com/ 
fallsavings. Offers valid between 10/1/2005 arid 11/15/2005. 
Visit www.mylifemycard. 
comitallsavIngs to view 
these offers. 
(CE 106379) 
Receive Our FREE Retirement Guide 
It's never too early or too late to start planning for retirement. Request 
your free retirement guide, What You Should Know Before You Retire. 
This comprehensive guide was compiled by a team of specialists at 
Ameriprise Financial Services. Formerly American Express Financial 
Advisors, Ameriprise Financial is a financial planning and services 
company with more than 2 million clients and 110 years experience. 
Brokerage, investments and financial advisory services are made available through 
Ameriprise Financial Services, Inc., Member NASD and SIPC, an Ameriprise Financial 
Company. Ameriprise Financial is expected to separate from American Express on or after 
September 30, 2005. After separation we will no longer be owned by American Express. 
°2005 Amerprise Financial, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Order your FREE guide 
today by calling 
Ameriprise Financial 
Services, Inc. at 
1.800-990-5294. 
(CE 106375) 
Save 25% on an Ideal Escape Package from Omni Hotels 
Taking that long-deserved getaway to recharge the batteries just got 
easier with Omni's Ideal Escapes. From 9/16/05.01/29/06, use your 
American Express® Card to book a two-night weekend stay at select 
Omni Hotels and you'll receive: luxury accommodations at a savings 
of 25% off the regular room rate, complimentary breakfast for two and 
renowned concierge service. 
Offer valid at Omni Hotels except NYC, Cancun & Puerto Aventuras. Prepaid, 7-day 
non-refundable advance purchase of 2 consecutive nights weekend stay required. 
Reservations cannot be cancelled/changed within 7 days of scheduled arrival. Offer 
includes breakfast, is not applicable to groups & cannot be combined with other discounts. 
Rate reflects 25% savings off regular weekend room rate. Late checkout upon request. 
Subject to availability, based on double occupancy. Other restrictions, biaftut dates apply. 
aNtiloms 
bunilsiThririsiletSnait 
Book your Ideal Escape 
today at OmniHotels. 
com or by calling 
1.800-The-Omni. 
(CE 106382) 
30% Off Vacations at SnapTravelcom/amencanexpress 
There's a new universe of family-friendly vacations out there for you to 
discover. From Orlando to the Caribbean, skiing to golfing, we are 
proud to offer you--powered by Snap Travel--spacious and luxurious 
accommodations. So, if you're looking for something beyond what 
you think of when you think of family vacations, let Amencan Express 
and Snap Travel take you there. 
Subject to availability. Advance reservations required. Snap Travel is offered by RCI 
Holiday Network, Inc., an Indiana licensed real estate salesperson, whose principal broker 
is John Lawrence Hertweck. Snap Travel is a service mark licensed to such licensee. All 
Rights Reserved. Each office is independently owned and operated. 
Get 30% off when you 
book a vacation and pay 
with the Card. To book, or 
for more information, visit 
www.snaptravel.com/ 
americanexpress 
or call 1.866.844-2015 
today. 
(CE 106386) 
Save 55% on 
/Sae 
Or Ain 
Iht 
noithAmerican 
Your Next State-to-State Move* 
Simplify your next move with proven service and preferred savings on 
professional moving services. Move with nationally trusted movers, 
Allied and North American Van Lines, and experience worry-free 
service and receive special savings of 55% off the tariff rate on 
interstate moving* when you use your American Express® Card. Plus, 
get additional savings on in-transit storage and personal property 
protection coverage. 
The 55% savings applies to interstate household moves between the 48 contiguous states. 
'The interstate moving savings is based on rates in published tariff HGB 400-N (or reissues 
thereof) in effect on the date of the shipment loads. Allied Van Lines, Inc. U.S. DOT No. 
076235. North American Van Lines, Inc. U.S. DOT No. 070851. 
To take advantage of 
these savings, please call 
1.866.214.1616 or 
visit http://ae.myhome 
benetits.com by 
December 31, 2005. 
(CE 106399) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01703300
