---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01703929_20260130_p055_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01703929.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 674
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:14.113803
---

DUPLICATE COPY 
Prepamd Foe 
I 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
XXXX-XXXXX2-61005
I
Page 18 of IS 
$50 Off Your Purchase of $250 or More from Lamps Plus 
Browse one of America's largest selections of chandeliers, table & 
floor lamps, ceiling & wall fixtures, outdoor lighting, ceiling fans and 
more. Over 8,000 items ship free. And be sure to request our 60-page 
catalog featuring lighting in room settings of all styles at 
LampsPlus.com/catalog. To receive this otter, purchase of $250 or 
more must be charged in full to your American Express® Card. 
Limit one offer per Cardmember. Offer valid online and phone orders only. Not valid on 
liattkoetter, Hubbardton Forge, or Schonbek products. In ceiling fan category, only valid on 
Casa Vieja ceiling fans. Other restrictions may apply. Offer cannot be combined with other 
promotions or savings. Offer not available on sale or clearance merchandise. 
[AMPS Pli$5, 
Dana oar. wan. 
Go to lampsplus.com or 
call 1.800.782.1967 and 
give promotion code 
OP89AXAP5X to receive 
savings when making your 
purchase. Offer valid 
through 12/31/07. 
(CE 108580) 
Pay Your Taxes with Your Card and Earn Rewards 
Earn rewards while paying your taxes. You can pay your personal 
federal, state, and local property taxes as well as business taxes with 
your American Express® Card. For additional information, visit 
amerIcanexpress.comitaxes. 
CABOMEMBER 
BENEFITS 
All federal, state, local and business tax payments made with your Card are subject to a 
convenience lee charged by either of the two IRS-approved payment processors, Official 
Payments Corp. and PAY1040.com. All Card terms and conditions apply. 
Visit 
amerIcanexpress.corn/ 
taxes. 
(CE 108577) 
Receive Savings on Broadway and Off-Broadway Shows 
Treat yourself to a night on the town with savings on some of the 
biggest shows like Avenue 0, Company and Les Miserable, or 
experience the excitement of today's big hits, like Mamma Mial, 
Spring Awakening and The Little Dog Laughed. From comedies to 
dramas and musicals, it's easy to make any night a special 
occasion—with just a few simple clicks. From January 1 to March 4, 
2007, you can save up to 60% on many popular Broadway and 
Off-Broadway shows. Simply purchase your tickets using any 
American Express® Card at telecharge.com/AXP2007B. 
(CE 108523) 
Your Tee Time: Quarter Past Whenever 
No vacation to Hawaii is complete without hitting the links, and the NCL Golf 
Rawer program makes golfing on the islands easy. With over 100 hours spent 
in port during your island-hopping cruise, youll have plenty of time to play some 
of the worlds best courses on every island, with everything from club valet and 
rentals to transportation to ang from the course taken care of. Book your cruise 
using your American Express Card, mention promotion code PG-AXG, and 
receive up to a $100 on-board credir, good to use in our on-board pro golf shop 
for Calloway" club rentals or other golf merchandise. For more information, call 
us at 1.866.234.0292 or visit ncl.com. 
Aintrica; 
LLLLLLLLL COUIDINO.
Terms and Conditions: 
'Offer is shown in US dollars and based on double occupancy. You must book 
your trip by 3/31/2007 and pay using your American Express Card for sailings 
through 4/30/2007 (except Pride of Aloha roundtrip Maui sailings). On-board 
credit is per stateroom and varies per category: $25 for Inside Stateroom, $50 for 
Oceanview Stateroom, $75 for Deluxe Stateroom with Balcony and Mini-Suite 
(except on Pride of America) and $100 for Suite. On-board credit has no cash 
value and may not be used toward service charges. 
Offer is for new individual bookings only. Rebooldngs do not qualify for this offer. Singles 
paying 200% of the cruise fare are eligible. Offer is applicable to select sailings, not 
combinable with other offers, subject to change or cancellation without notice, and may be 
withdrawn at any time. Other restrictions may apply. °2006 NCL Corporation LTD. Ships' 
Registry: UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. 
For more information, call 
us at 1.866.234-0292 or 
visit ncicom for terms 
and conditions. Promotion 
Code PG-AXG. 
(CE 108582) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01703983
