---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01454602_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01454602.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 767
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:12.293332
---

RRP73 - Elysium 
Appendix A: Project Review Committee Biographies 
Pierre Cherki, Head of Alternatives and Real Assets 
See prior pages. 
W. Todd Henderson, Head of Real Estate, Americas 
See pink; pages. 
Jeff Baer, Energy Retrofit Team Head & Lead Portfolio Manager 
See prior pages 
James N. Carbone, Head of Retail Products, Americas 
Mr. Carbone is currently a Managing Director and Head of Real Estate Retail Products, 
Americas. In that role. Mr Carbone has responsibility for growing retail real estate offerings in 
the Americas. including a non- traded REIT and a hybrid real estate fund primarily targeting the 
defined contnbution market. Mr. Carbone began his career in commercial real estate in 1979, 
gaining experience in the management. brokerage. development, and dispositioNacquisition of 
commercial real estate. He joined RREEF Real Estate in April of 1995 after 15 years of industry 
experience, with responsibility for transactions in the western United States. In December of 
1997. Mr Carbone was named partner and in 1998 became a member of RREEF Real Estate's 
Investment Committee. During Mr. Carbone's tenure ii the acquisition grow, he managed or 
oversaw in excess of $12.6 billion of transactions encompassing over 114.4 million square feet, 
while also serving as the fimi's office property type specialist. In 2007, Mr. Carbone assumed 
the role of leading the Strategic Mergers and Acquisitions Group with responsibility for both 
growing assets under management and expanding the firm's business platform, and in 2008, 
Mr. Carbone assumed additional responsibilities and was named Head of Global Business 
Development for RREEF Alternative Investments, a position he held until being named Head of 
Retail Products in 2012. Mr. Carbone remains a member of RREEFS Americas Management 
and Investment Committees. Mr. Carbone is affiliated with numerous industry groups. including 
UU and NAIOP. and is a past member of the Board of Directors of Goodwill Industries, San 
Francisco Chapter. Mr. Carbone graduated Cum Laude from the University of California. Davis 
with a BA in economics 
Al Diaz, Head of Real Estate Asset Management. Americas 
Mr. Diaz is a Managing Director and Head of Real Estate Asset Management in the Americas 
for Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management's Alternatives and Real Assets platform, based in 
Chicago. In this role. Mr. Diaz is responsible for all facets of the real estate asset management 
business in the Americas, including oversight of all third party property management. Mr. Diaz 
also serves on the Americas Investment Committee as the Retail Specialist Mr Diaz joined 
Deutsche Bank in 1994 and assumed increasing responsibilities in the retail real estate asset 
management group, including District Manager. Regional Manager and National Head of Retail 
Asset Management. Prior to joining Deutsche Bank, Mr Din. a 25-year shopping center 
industry veteran, was with The Balcor Company. the real estate stkisidiary of American Express 
Company from 1987 to 1994. While at Balcor. he served as Vice President in Bator 
Development Company. developing valued-added shopping centers. and as Senior Vice 
President Shopping Centers in Balcor Properly Management Company, where he was 
responsible for 8 million square feet of retail space. Mr. Diaz is a licensed real estate broker in 
the state of Florida and was awarded the Senior Certified leasing Specialist designation by the 
International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC) Mr. Diaz earned a BA degree in International 
Relations from Indiana University. 
Timothy Ellsworth, Head of Transactions, Americas 
Mr. Ellsworth is a Managing Director and Head of Real Estate Transactions, Americas for 
Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management's Alternatives and Real Assets platform. based in 
Chicago. In this capacity. he is responsible for oversight of acquisitions. dispositions and capital 
markets activity in North America. He joined Deutsche Bank in April 1998 after 15 years of 
experience in real estate finance. acquisitions and portfolio management Prior to his current 
role. Mr. Ellsworth lead the firm's portfolio management team in the Americas overseeing 
commingled funds and separate accounts. He also serves on the Americas Investment and 
Leadership Committees Prior to joining Deitsche Bank, he was Regional Vice President of 
Acquisitions for Cornerstone Real Estate Advisors. In this capacity. Mr. Ellsworth was 
responsible for the acquisition and development of commercial property in the Midwestern 
United Slates. Before joining Cornerstone. Mr. Ellsworth spent seven years at General Electric 
Capital where he specialized in debt and equity finance, asset management: and investment 
sales. He is currently active in ULI, NAIOP and NAREIM. Mr. Ellsworth holds a BS degree in 
Finance from Indiana Uriversity. 
Deutsche Asset 
RREEF Retrofit Partners. L.P. 
For U.S. Person Clients of the U.S./Americas Key Client Partners Desk Only 
' /.7;?!?" Mr17.7. • 
June 2014 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00259000 
DB-SDNY-0112816 
EFTA01454602
