---
source_image: "book-page+scanned-document__EFTA02690254_20260210_p002_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA02690254.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 898
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T16:03:54.267190
---

NATURE Vol 467 2 September 2010 
Many scientists, and conservation groups including Greenpeace and national MIMIF branches, have objected to various MX certifications. 
nothing is known about this fish: no eggs or 
larvae have ever been collected. TheCommis-
sion for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine 
Living Resources, which oversees fishing in 
the Southern Ocean, classifies the Antarctic 
toothfish fishery as "exploratory" because of 
the lack of knowledge. An objection was filed 
in December 2009 by the Antarctic and South-
ern Ocean Coalition; as these pages went to 
press, a ruling was expected soon. 
In May 2010, again after an assessment by 
Moody Marine, the MSC certified the few 
boats operated by the company AkerBioma-
rine in its fishery of Antarctic krill (Euphausia 
superba). The MSC notes that less than 1% of 
krill are currently under pressure from fishing. 
But we feel that more important data come 
from a 2004 paper in Nature showing a long-
term decline in krill populations, as well as a 
link between the depletion of krill and declin-
ing sea ice in an area highly sensitive to climate 
change. Even more importantly in 
our view, much of the krill caught 
is destined not for consumer pur-
chase but for fishmeal, to feed 
factory-farmed fish, pigs and 
chickens. We propose that any 
fishery undertaken for fishmeal 
should not be viewed as responsible or sustain-
able, and should not qualify for MSC certifica-
tion. At present, the MSC assessment rules do 
not consider the end-use of a product. 
Other amendments to the MSC rules would 
in our opinion strengthen its commitment to 
its own principles. The MSC already prohibits 
the certification of fisheries that use dynamite 
and poison. It should also ban other destruc-
tive practices, such as those types of bottom 
trawling that have a high impact on habitat and 
on fish other than the target species`. 
There are signs that retailers might support 
protected areas 
would do more to 
help the oceans?' 
revised standards. In 2009, the European 
supermarket chain Waitrose refused to buy or 
sell MSC-certified New Zealand hold (Macru-
ronus novaczelandiae) because the fishery 
concerned uses bottom trawling. In May 2010, 
Whole Foods stopped selling fish-oil supple-
ments made from krill, despite MSC certifica-
tion, because of concerns about sustainability. 
Slow drift 
We believe that the incentives of the market 
have led the MSC certification scheme away 
from its original goal, towards promoting the 
certification of ever-larger capital-intensive 
operations. Small fisheries that use highly 
selective, low-impact techniques, such as hook-
and-line fishing or hand picking, are often sus-
tainable, but make up only a tiny fraction of 
MSC-certified fisheries (see graph). The MSC 
does do outreach in the developing world, 
provides grants and, in 2007, created a pilot 
programme to encourage the cer-
"Creating marine 
tification of small-scale and data-
deficient fisheries. But we feel that 
this is too little too late. Although 
several fisheries are under assess-
ment, only one small-scale oper-
ation in the developing world 
— a Vietnam Ben Tie clam (Meretrix !pinta) 
fishery — is currently MSC certified. 
Different models of certification might help 
to redress this balance. For products such as 
coffee in the Fairtrade scheme, for example, 
certification is available only to cooperatives 
of small producers; large plantations are not 
eligible. This helps to correct for market advan-
tages held by larger companies. 
It might be easier to push for some of these 
changes if the MSC hoard had better represen-
tation from the developing world, where more 
than half of the seafood eaten in the United 
States and Europe is sourced, and where small 
fisheries are often based. The terrestrial analogue 
of the MSC, the Forest Stewardship Council, has 
five of its nine board members from developing 
countries. None of the MSCs 13 board members 
is from the developing world. 
The MSC can still fulfil its promise to rep-
resent, as it claims, "the best environmental 
choice" — if It undergoes major reform. If it 
does not change, there are better, more effec-
tive ways to spend ES million, such as lobby-
ing to eliminate harmful fisheries subsidies, or 
creating marine protected areas. These steps 
would do more to help the oceans. 
• 
Jennifer Jacquet and Daniel Pauly are with the 
Sea Around Us Project at the University of British 
Columbia Fisheries Centre, Vancouver. British 
Columbia V6T 124, Canada. David Ainley is a 
marine ecologist at H. T. Harvey& Associates, 
Los Gatos, California 95032, USA. Sidney Holt 
is a marine scientist specializing in fisheries 
management who resides in Umbria, Italy. 
Paul Dayton and Jeremy Jackson are marine 
ecologists at the Scripps Institution 
of Oceanography, University of California 
San Diego, La Jolla, California 92037, USA. 
e-mail: jjacquet@fisheries.ubc.ca 
The authors declare competing interests: details 
accompany the article at goretvre.corn/P5P7t7. 
I. Marine Stewardship Card. Priicipks and Cdtedo for 
Sustanoble Fisl*g(2010): avaslab t at go nalute 
IJT46uo 
2. lanelli. I. N.et el Assessment of the Worley e Peak Stock 
in the foaem &ft Sec 2009 (Alaska Ash.' ies Science 
center. 2009); walolie at go nature cemiTu.an 
3. Feshenes and Oceans CanaclaConalran Assessment of 
Pacific Hake in U.5 and Conaban Waters m 2009(2009): 
available at go.naturr com/coUGUY 
4. Atkinson. A Steger. V. Pathornov. E.& Rothery.P.Natuse 
432,100-103 (2004). 
5. Chuenpagdoe R., Morgan, L E.. Mansell. S. ht. Norse. EA 
& Pauly, D. Port EcotEmiron.10, 517-524 (2003). 
See News, page 15. 
I` 2010 Macmillan Publishers Limited All rights reserved 
29 
EFTA_R1_02030126 
EFTA02690255
