---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01704293_20260130_p017_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01704293.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 727
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:14.127808
---

DUPLICATE COPY 
Papered Far 
(3 MAXWELL 
Page10o( 10 
Going Once. Don't Let Your Dream Trip Slip Away 
Are you a golfer or a connoisseur? A trend-setter or a jet-setter? Find 
out where your passion will take you when American Express unveils 
Going Once. Starling April 25th, you'll get the chance to bid on the 
trip of a lifetime or buy an incredible vacation package at a 
Cardmember-only price. You decide. And while you're at it, choose 
any of the premium offers from top name brands. To learn more, visit 
www.trip.mylifemycard.com/dreamtrIp. 
Available to U.S. Cardmembers only. Quantities of travel packages are limited and will be 
sold on a first-come first-served basis. All sales are final. Void where prohibited. 
Restrictions apply. See vnvw.myllfemyeard.comkireamtrip for full details. Offers subject 
to full terms and conditions available on www.mylifemycard.comroreambip. 
(CE 107061) 
Meet the Future of Television with a DIRECTV PLUS® DVIU 
Call 1-877-720-9114 and ask how to get a free lease upgrade to a 
DIRECTV& DVR after $100 instant rebate and free standard 
Installation in up to 3 additional rooms when you use your American 
Expresso Card to pay for DIRECTV service. DIRECTV programming, 
equipment and DVR service available separately. On approved credit. 
Two-year programming commitment required. Offer code 8639. 
New lease customers only. In certain markets, programming/pricing may vary. 
Programming pricing, terms and conditions subject to change. Taxes not included. 
Equipment not transferable and may not be sold. Pricing residential. Not available in AKfril. 
Receipt of DIRECTV programming subject to DIRECTV Customer Agreement, copy 
provided at DIRECTV.com and in first bit 02086 DIRECTV, Inc. DIRECTV and the 
Cyclone Design logo are registered trademarks of DIRECTV, Inc. 
1110 
DIRECTY' 
Call DIRECTV at 
14n-7204114 and 
provide offer code 8639 
today! Offer valid between 
April 1 and June 30, 2006 
(CE 107098) 
Save 20.50% at Preferred Hotel Group 
When you book a stay and pay with your American Expresso Card 
you'll receive a rate savings of 20-50% off at participating properties. 
Additionally, each participating hotel will offer one of the following 
special welcome amenities: 
Guaranteed room upgrade -Daily continental breakfast -Welcome 
bottle of wine or champagne a unique hotel-specific amenity 
To redeem this offer, you must use your American Express Card. Subject to availability. 
Rates and welcome amenities may vary and are valid at participating hotels.only:— • 
Participating hotels we subject to change without notice. Offer can not be combined with 
other promotions or offers. Advance reservations/order required. Blackout dates apply. 
Must be of legal drinking age to consume alcohol. Please drink responsibly. Other 
restrictions may apply. 
M 
( 
R
derretii_it!! 
0TU ;OW 
For reservations, visit 
vninv.preferredhotel 
group.comropril, call 
1.800.323.7500 or contact 
your travel professional. 
Offer valid until December 
31, 2006 
' 
• 
• 
(CE 107100) 
Save $50 per Night at The Fairmont Copley Plaza Boston 
The Fairmont Copley Plaza Boston invites you to experience a Golden 
Opportunity. Discover Fairmont Gold, from unrivaled service to the 
opulence of its private lounge. The Fairmont Copley Plaza's exclusive 
club level is truly a "hotel within a hotel" designed to meet the needs 
coPLEY PLAZA 
of our most discerning travelers. This offer includes $50 savings each 
''"'" 
night of your stay, complimentary deluxe continental breakfast and 
evening canapes in our Fairmont Gold lounge and complimentary 
valet parking. 
Offer valid from 4/1 - 9/4/06.24-hour advance cancellation required Rates and dates are 
subject to availability, based cn single or double occupancy. Payment must be made with 
an American Expresso Card. 
For reservation, please 
call 1-866-840-8089 and 
mention Fairmont's 
Golden Oppolunity or 
visit vninvialmiont.com/ 
copleyplaza and mention 
promo code PRGOPI. 
(CE 107097) 
The Purchase Protection Plan 
The cat knocked over the brand new vase--good thing you bought it 
with your Card. The Purchase Protection Plan will repair, replace, or 
reimburse the amount you charge to the Card for covered Items, up 
to $10,000 per Occurrence, if they are accidentally damaged, stolen 
or lost within 90 days from the date of purchase. 
Purchase Protection Plan is underwritten by AMEX Assurance Company, Administrative 
Office, Green Bay, WI. Coverage is determined by the terms, conditions, and exclusions of 
Policy AX0951 and is subject to change with notice. This document does not supplement or 
replace the Policy. 
For more information, visit 
ts online at 
vim/American 
express.comrop. 
(CE 107117) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will be 
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
EFTA01704309
