---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01306387_20260130_p005_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01306387.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 656
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:10.878785
---

control of, or under the supervision of, the Department of Corrections, or is not in the custody 
of a private correctional facility. 
Any change in the sexual offender's permanent or temporary residence, name, any elocuoni/ 
mail address and any instant message name required to be provided pursuant to paragraph 
(4i(d), after the sexual offender reports in person at the sheriffs office, shall be accomplished 
in the manner provided in subsections (41, (7), and 18). 
(b) Provide his or her name, date of birth, social security number, race, sex, height, weight, 
hair and eye color, tattoos or other identifying marks, occupation and place of employment, 
address of permanent or legal residence or address of any current temporary residence, within 
the state and out of state, including a rural route address and a post office box, any electronic 
mail address and any instant message name required to be provided pursuant to paragraph 
(4)(d), date and place of each conviction, and a brief description of the crime or crimes 
committed by the offender. A post office box shall not be provided in lieu of a physical 
residential address. 
1. If the sexual offender's place of residence is a motor vehicle, trailer, mobile home, or 
manufactured home, as defined in chapter 320, the sexual offender shall also provide to thl• 
department through the sheriffs office wntton notice of the vehicle identification number; the 
license tag number; the registration number; and a description, including color scheme, of the 
motor vehicle, trailer, mobile home, or manufactured home. If the sexual offender's place of 
residence is a vessel, live-aboard vessel, or houseboat, as defined in chapter 372, the sexual 
offender shall also provide to the department written notice of the hull identification numbc.'r; 
the manufacturer's serial number; the name of the vessel, live-aboard vessel, or houseboat; the 
registration number; and a description, including color scheme, of the vessel, live-aboard 
vessel, or houseboat. 
2. If the sexual offender is enrolled, employed, of carrying on a vocation at an institution of 
higher education in this state, the sexual offender shall also provide to the department through 
the sheriffs office the name, address, and county of each 'agitation, including each campus 
attended, and the sexual offender's enrollment or employment status. Each change in 
enrollment or employment status shall be reported in person at the sheriffs office, within 48 
hours after any change in status. The sheriff shall promptly notify each institution of the sexual 
offender's presence and any change in the sexual offender's enrollment on employment status. 
When a sexual offender reports at the sheriffs office, the sheriff shall take a photograph and a 
sot of fingerprints of the offender and forward the photographs and fingerprints to the 
department, along with the information provided by the sexual offender. The sheriff shalt 
promptly provide to the department the information received from the sexual offender. 
(3) Within 48 hours after the report required undo' subsection (21, a sexual offender shall 
report in person at a driver's license office of the Department of Highway Safety and Motor 
Vehicles, unless a driver's hcense or identification card that complies with the requircnneres of 
s. 34.141.(3) was previously secured or updated under s. 944.6()7. At the driver's license off,' 
the sexual offender shall: 
(a) If otherwise qualified, secure a Florida driver's license, renew a Florida driver's license. or 
secure an identification card. The sexual offender shall identify himself or herself as a sexu..l
offender who is required to comply with this section and shall provide proof that the sexual 
offender reported as required in subsection (21. The sexual offender shall provide any of the 
information specified in subsection (21, if requested. The sexual offender shall submit to th.• 
taking of a photoeraph for use In issuing a driver's license, renewed license, or identificatioi , 
card, and for use by the department in maintaining current records of sexual offenders. 
03/2512015 
Page 24 of 114 
Public Records Request No.: 16-268 
SDNY_GM_00 174872 
EFTA_00196525 
EFTA01306391
