---
source_image: "scanned-document__EFTA01562495_20260130_p007_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01562495.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 727
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:20:12.401865
---

For the Period 12/1/13 to 12/31/13 
Contact your J.P. Morgan Team at one of the telephone numbers on the front of your statements or wri 
to us at J.P. Morgan, 500 Stanton Christiana Road, 1/OPS3, Newark, DE 19713-2107 as soon as 
you can, if you think your statement is wrong or if you need more information about a transfer on th 
e statement. We must hear from you no later than 60 days after we sent you the FIRST statement on 
which the error or problem appeared. (1) Tell us your name and account number. (2) Describe the erro 
 or the transfer you are unsure about, and explain as clearly as you can why you believe it is an 
error or why you need more information. (3) Tell us the dollar amount of the suspected error. We wil 
1 investigate your complaint and will correct any error promptly. If we take more than 10 business 
days (or 20 business days for new accounts) to do this, we will credit your account for the amount y 
ou think is in error, so that you will have the use of the money during the time it takes us to comp 
lete 
our investigation. 
In Case of Errors or Questions About Non-Electronic Transfers (Checks or Deposits) 
Contact JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. ("JPMCB") Member FDIC immediately if a statement is incorrect or i 
f you need more information about any non-electronic transactions (checks or deposits) on this 
statement. If any such error appears, you must notify the bank in writing as soon as possible after 
your statement was made available to you. For more complete details, see the applicable account 
agreements and appendices that govern your account. 
Deposit products and services are offered by JPMCB Member FDIC. 
You must promptly advise your J.P.Morgan representative of material changes in your investment objec 
tives or financial situation or if you wish to modify the management of your account. Unless you 
inform otherwise, your J.P.Morgan representative will consider the information currently in its file 
s to be complete and accurate. 
With reference to JPMS and JPMCC: A financial statement of this organization is available to you for 
personal inspection at its offices, or a copy will be mailed to you upon written request. 
You should have received (or have made available to you) separate confirmations for each securities 
transaction. All transactions are subject to the terms and conditions stated on the reverse side of 
such confirmations and are subject to the constitution, by-laws, customs and interpretations of the 
marketplace where executed and governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of New York and all applicable federal laws and regulations. Further information with respect to com 
missions and other charges related to the execution of transactions, including options transactions, 
has been included in confirmations that were previously furnished or have made available to you. Upo 
n written request, JPMS will promptly supply you with the latest information. 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE ONLY TO YOUR MARGIN ACCOUNT(S) 
All positions in your Margin Account Portfolio(s) are held in custody at J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. 
("JPMCC"), Three Chase Metrotech Center, Brooklyn, NY 11245-001, (347) 643-2578. 
If you have a margin account as permitted by law we may use certain securities in such account for, 
among other things, settling short sales and lending the securities for short sales, and as a result 
may 
receive compensation in connection therewith. 
Please keep the following in mind when using a statement to track your brokerage activity in a margi 
n account: The statement combines your general margin account with the special memorandum 
account required by Section 220.6 Regulation T. As required by Regulation T, a permanent record of y 
our separate account is available upon your request. 
Free credit balances in your margin account(s) are not segregated and may be used in the operation o 
f JPMCCs business, subject to the limitations of SEC Rule 15c3-3. Unless otherwise noted, JPMCC 
or its agents and depositories will hold your securities. Upon your demand, JPMCC will pay to you th 
e amount of your free credit balance, and will deliver to you fully-paid securities held on your beh 
alf. 
Interest will be charged on any debit balance; the method of calculating interest is described in a 
letter sent to all margin customers. 
Disclosures Page 3 of 3 
EFTA01562501
