---
source_image: "book-page+typed-page__EFTA01735393_20260130_p004_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01735393.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 911
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T16:04:01.290010
---

Air um 
Minna 
Karen 
• 
. • 
1' 
•• 
Lynn 
Wyatt 
Ise 
Hamm nd 
fer We 
eldt 
Chloe Malle and 
Candice Bergen 
Tory 
Burch 
Crawford, Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy, Darren 
Aronofsky, director John Wells, Kerry Washington, Piers 
Morgan, Rachel Zoe, Sean Parker, Zack Braff and Leonardo 
Dicaprio with Bar Rafaeli. Speech filmmakers are function-
ing on high anxiety. 
SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 27 
Producer Donna Gigliotti is my date to the awards. We are 
both so nervous we arrive at the Kodak Theater at 3 p.m. and 
nobody is there. We are driven around for an hour. When we 
arrive back at the world's most famous red carpet, I guide 
Donna through security check-in to the extreme right to 
make sure we get on camera. I teach her the red carpet 
hustle, which is five steps forward, three steps back, one inch 
behind a couture-clad nominee. We greet Kevin Huvane as 
Sandra Bullock is talking to ABC-TV and a billion people see 
me wearing a black Marchesa gown. Five steps forward, three 
steps back, we next meet Gwyneth Paltrow, and I hook up the 
back of her dress while another billion people see me correct 
the fashion malfunction. Five steps forward, three steps back, 
we're now posing behind Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban. 
Our Blackberrys begin buzzing; the world has seen us. 
James Franco and Anne Hathaway arc hip hosts. This is the 
year of no surprises. But it isn't until Hilary Swank yells out 
Hooper's name for Best Director that Harvey's gang finally 
realizes they arc getting the Oscar for Best Picture after all. 
Harvey is sitting in Spielberg's scat as Spielberg announces 
the win from the stage. Producers lain Canning, Emile 
Sherman and Gareth Unwin leap up and kiss each other. Six 
months of grueling work have finally paid off. King George 
VI and Harvey Weinstein now share the journey of a single 
man who triumphs over adversity. 
At the Governor's ball, held above the Kodak Theater, 
the winners triumphantly sachet around the room holding 
their heavy eight-pound gold statues. 
An hour later there is a migration to the Vanity Fair party 
hosted by Graydon Carter at Jeff Klein's Sunset Tower 
4 Hotel. The invitation features a gold hologram that trans-
mits a radio frequency of a photo and details about the 
guest to VF staff as they arrive. The next day "Page Six" will 
report that the backup private security firm is run by a 
former Israeli operative, when in fact they are Irish 
Catholics from Staten Island. 
There's a hierarchy of arrival times. At 5 p.m. the inner 
circle of Graydon's 141 best friends attend a seated dinner. 
They include Barry Diller and Diane von Furstenberg, 
Francis Ford Coppola, Jon Hamm and Jennifer Westfeldt, 
Betsey Bloomingdale, Tory Burch and Lyor Cohen, 
Carolina and Reinaldo Herrera, L'Wren Scott and Sir 
Mick Jagger, Naomi Watts and hey Schreiber, Wendi 
Stark, George Hamilton, Judd Apatow, Jackie and Joan 
Collins, Donna Karan and Steve Martin. 
The best and the brightest talent in town arrive at 9 p.m. 
Every single winner shows up. Also there are Justin 
Bieber and his date Selena Gomez, Michelle Williams, 
Emma Stone, Steve Tyler and Liv Tyler, Andrew 
Garfield, Jude Law, Armie Hammer, Vera Farmiga, 
Kevin Spacey, Charlize Theron, Anne Hathaway, Winter's 
Bone star-of-tomorrow Jennifer Lawrence, Taylor Hackford 
and Helen Mirren, Scarlett Johansson, Isla Fischer and 
Sasha Baron Cohen, Tom Hanks, Sean Penn, Renee 
Zellweger and Bradley Cooper and Jane Fonda after her 
play. 33 Variations. I introduce Melania and Donald Trump 
to David O. Russell as The Trumpster gushes about The 
Fighter. David tells Donald he used to be a waiter/bar tender 
at many of Trump's parties. Donald smiles as if looking at yet 
another apprentice. Ile then offers me a ride home on his 
plane; he's leaving in 10 minutes. Too bad James Franco 
didn't know because he is presently sitting on a commercial 
flight back to school, skipping his own after-party. The rest of 
the guests' social standings are determined by half-hour 
increments. VPs Beth Kseniak, Matt Ullian and Jane Sorkin 
tell me the list is cut down to 800 this year. 
At 11:30 p.m. there is another celebrity migration up the 
hill to Madonna manager Guy Oseary's house. Earlier in the 
I introduce Melania and 
Donald Trump to David 0. 
Russell . . . David tells Donald 
he used to be a waiter/bar 
tender at many of Trump's 
parties. Donald smiles as if 
looking at yet another 
apprentice. 
evening, Madonna came down the hill to pose in a risque 
see-thru outfit with daughter Lourdes. Madonna and co-host 
Demi Moore arc able to lure the crème de la crème with the 
promise of dancing and no cameras. 
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 28 
A winner's work is never done. Colin Firth, Tom Hooper 
and David Seidler show up at 4:30 a.m. at The Four 
Seasons Hotel (or a live broadcast on "The Today Show." 
Functioning on an adrenalin rush, they return to the 
Kodak Theater with Geoffrey Rush to appear on Oprah's 
live broadcast. 
By the end of this year's thrilling race between two 
great producers—Scott Rudin and Harvey Weinstein—
Facebook and Twitter are credited for aiding political 
justice from the streets of Cairo to 
But the British 
film with the most heart wins as one single human voice can 
still make a difference. The king has spoken. • 
Fran 
Lebowitz 
ay.
Julie 
Chen 
Donald end Melanla Trump 
aoml 
arts 
• 
Joan 
Collins 
Chace 
I 
Crawford 
EFTA_R1_00017942 
EFTA01735396
