---
source_image: "book-page+typed-page__EFTA02684958_20260210_p009_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA02684958.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 863
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T16:04:02.561946
---

ative entities is that physicians are the 
drunks looking under the lamppost for 
their keys," Wolfe has written. "If you 
are just looking for negative viruses, that 
is all you are going to find." 
O
n a good day, a hunter in Messok-
Messok, a dense jungle settle-
ment not far from Ngoila, stra.& les 
home with an antelope slung over his 
shoulder. Or a cane rat. Monkeys, 
chimps, and gorillas are disappearing, 
so they are increasingly hard to find. 
But every so often somebody gets lucky. 
Late one afternoon, a village man 
walked into town carrying the body of 
a crowned monkey, which he turned 
over to his wife, a pregnant twenty-
two-year-old named Sandrine. She laid 
the crowned monkey, so called for the 
soft tuft of white hair spread across its 
skull, on a mat of bright-green palm 
fronds that she had placed on the floor 
of the hut. Then she grabbed her ma-
chete. With practiced speed and im-
pressive precision, Sandrine slit the 
monkey's gut, reached in, and pulled 
out its intestines. The ground was soon 
drenched with blood, and so were her 
hands. Wolfe, LeBreton, and I stood 
ten feet away, with several members of 
their team, who were wearing gloves 
and waiting to collect tissue and blood 
samples. As the young woman quar-
tered the animal and sliced off its tail, 
the scientists pulled their face masks 
tight. I asked Wolfe if he ever offered 
such precautions to the villagers, and 
whether it bothered him to see this 
woman risk her life. 
"Of course it bothers me," he said. 
"But here are the choices: We can do 
nothing. We can try to blend in and 
work without masks or gloves. I won't 
allow my people to take those risks. 
If you are asking if this is fair, then the 
answer is hell no. But it is not possi-
ble to get hunters and their wives to 
wear gloves. We try to convince them 
not to butcher if they have cuts on their 
hands. 
"The bigger question is what can 
we do for these people? he went on. 
"How can we help them change their 
lives? Gloves are going to solve noth-
ing. These people need economic op-
portunities and agricultural choices." 
(One of Wolfe's colleagues, a medical 
anthropologist, is working on just this 
CrovvevitC: 
"Don't be silly—mathematically, there will always be a middle class." 
• 
issue. With support from U.SA.I.D., 
she is attempting to determine the 
best way to change the behaviors that 
cause so much risk.) He pointed to 
Sandrine, who stood examining her 
work in the soft afternoon light. "She 
knows that this is risky," he said. "But 
it is not as risky for her as all the other 
choices in her life. We can worry all 
we want about viral pandemics, but 
that is not what keeps her up at night. 
She needs to care about dinner. And, 
until we recognize that, the rest means 
nothing." 
There are no cell-phone towers in 
this part of Cameroon. No money. 
The best roads are mud paths cut by 
logging companies to move massive 
and ancient trees, some of which are so 
large that specially constructed trucks 
are required to cart them out of the 
jungle. Wolfe realizes that modern 
technology and globalization have 
connected viruses to humanity in dan-
gerous ways, but he also sees in them 
an opportunity. 'The forces that drove 
us into the age of pandemics can also 
help prevent them," he said. G.V.F. 
has started to focus on mobile commu-
nications—Wolfe considers the accu-
mulation and analysis of "big data" a 
crucial advance for epidemiology. He 
recently hired a Stanford medical stu-
dent, Lucky Gunasekara, who has a 
background in mobile technology. The 
• 
team wants every hunter to have a 
phone. If somebody is feeling sick, or 
finds five dead gorillas in the forest, 
or if a doctor secs an unusual rash, a 
text message can get that information 
out at once. Viral listening posts won't 
work unless villagers arc able to share 
their knowledge. "If Twitter can pre-
dict movie sales or stock-market move-
ments, and Googlc searches can show 
us where the next Au outbreak will be, 
surely we can find tools to help this 
woman," Wolfe said. "If we connect 
these people more carefully to the 
larger world, we could begin to address 
many of these problems." 
Sandrine had just finished preparing 
the meat for dinner. I asked her if she 
understood how risky it was to plunge 
her hands into the intestines of a dead 
monkey. "Yes," she said. "I know that 
bushmeat is dangerous. That it can kill 
my children." She was also aware that 
there had been an outbreak of Ebola 
recently in Congo. I wondered whether 
she or her husband had ever seen dead 
monkeys or gorillas in the forest. She 
nodded, gazing at the dark foliage as 
night began to fall. 
"What did you do when you saw 
them?" I asked. 
She turned to me and smiled. "I 
thanked God, picked them up, and 
brought them home for dinner," she 
said. • 
7HE NEW YORKER. DECEMBER 20 4 27. 2010 
63 
EFTA_R1_02008103 
EFTA02684966
