---
source_image: "invoice__EFTA01307084_20260130_p053_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01307084.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 583
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:14:19.999087
---

Resource Management Account 
SUBS 
July 2019 
Your assets 
Account name: 
G14SLAME MAXWELL 
friendly account nemegnd Cask Saone 
Account number: 
Some r<cs. .o(Cene Vldfwlenl waves mown may be appectilinnie As a mpg gains mascots gray not 
tie excufarely reflected See Important ✓Jamatnw 
nya itaemert a the end of INt dxurnere tot 
otre ,flIcmsiticr 
Cash 
Cash and money balances 
bin and 
rrn ntla mare cash balanteS UBS Bank USA aw*t account calyxes. 
uBS F DC Insured Piogarn Pant Balarxes. uBS AG Stamford Beano dep09I account Warfel and money 
inssel meal lund syrup laceences 
See the Important olonnamon *out )out stneteent at the end or this document foe detalS about ttose 
balances. 
acidng
Cash 
RMA GOVT MOSEY MARKET ED 
LES BANK USA CEP ACCT 
Total 
Cpenng Want. 
Closing Whore 
on Jul 1(0 
on M 31 (S) 
0.00 
.304 g30 CO 
Year Esenciel Advisor: 
SCOTT STACKMAPPLYLE CASRIEL 
V65 Past USA 4etdslIVIISFIX Inured Frowns Barg deport amain Makes are Iniofed by ine SOK WINO 
arpillable tents, Da an not prixecied by SVC uBS AG stanviati &awn depose account boraxes me not enured 
FOIC arc ace not watt-tea by 9PC Money market Sang [abaft. ate prOleded by SRC tat me rot enuredCy 
the FCC 
Once per share 
Average 
on Jul 31 CD 
Fat 
Otadenalitairst 
D43 n 
Perini 
pried 
Op encore (S) 
0.00 
54,930.00 
000 
250,000.00 
1.00 
I.93% 
tun I to Jun 30 
30 
250,00000 
Cash alternatives 
Money market funds 
Monty ma Ill f ask at miner imaged nar guyanteed by tat Fedeta CNIOCCIt linutalCe CCipOtatiOn 01 ant other g:/romrrent agngy institutional point and Instil ubonal mums pal funds mull nog Dalt rat awl W un (NAV) 
pit Mate toted neantst IIIOC/Choi amen 
g. SI cote Goomrrem and mai rroney mane runds net rontinve to traxact a a stiOke SI CO rim mei rive Mthousp morn market lunch ark xi RenameOw vivre' your 
Iowa/rent a SI .00 per Shaft It 6 OSLO* lobte money by meeting in the* lure, 
f0.00 
$0.00 
total reinvested R Int total of al *melted dvdends n clots nix include any cash defends II is rota to 
lot lot the purposes Of Oettnlining hOiCIng MAWS Of cost basis The snores you fete* each time yOU 
tegIsett OM dent); beCOMI a separate LW lot. 
Cost Wks Is the total waves, COSI Of the 'fluky, Wkly.:log rein/effect0 idends Tie COSI basis may 
need 10 tie Owned lot town et (total motets in orckt to deterrnne the MIssled con bass 101 tat 
PUICOSei 
liddng 
MS PIMA RESERVES 
FUND 
Purch.xe pied 
Martin 
Average price 
Clieni 
et sheet 
per snow (St 
',net/trent (II 
tiereeteee (tart gam of du is the Onetence octneen the ctlrent value and the cost Dees aid Aoki 
tertiary to your text, gen or loss if the secunty was scld on this die. The umetilzed BM) 93n Or 108 may 
need to be aluged ter ret,tn d caata oarentsm order to oete mne the reared gan or loss lot tar 
retorting Runtort 
investment return is the current rake tnnuf 
,rover yW listened t dal not include owes that ote not 
reflected on you' statement. InCluCInt)1hateS that Mee teen leafed OS el her organ a alms. torso rtes 
not Oda* can defend that were not reinvested 
Con 
Price per stise 
Gtis(S) 
Ca kJ 31 IS) 
VSue On 
UnreStled 
Jul 31 (S) 
win or /ors (S) 
Investment wiring 
re urn IS) 
period 
EAx $10,97aCtrrentreld 231% 
475242 240 
• • This in loirmation way troars3Sable--
I CCOO 
475242 24 
APR7000300$641.567 Nr700018840600031 0719030SXX0a Y1235755500000:0 
Page 5 of 8 
SDNY_GM_00325095 
EFTA_00 197870 
EFTA01307136
