---
title: "DS10 EFTA01688746 victim/minor review"
doc_type: "read-queue"
topic: "victim-statements"
dataset: 10
file: "EFTA01688746.pdf"
rank: 316
total_hits: 18
victim_hits: 6
minor_hits: 10
underage_hits: 2
generated: "2026-02-12T18:50:18+00:00"
---

# DS10 EFTA01688746.pdf

- **Queue Rank:** 316
- **Dataset:** DS10
- **Source PDF:** `EFTA01688746.pdf`
- **Source Path Hint:** `[local-path]`
- **Hits:** total `18` | victim `6` | minor `10` | underage `2`

## Context Excerpts

### Victim

1. pos `1174`
   > sian fitness instructor Lance Callaway - Current Chef Roberto LNU - Prior Chef David Mullen - Prior Chef - Prior Chef Adam Perrylang - Prior Chef - Personal Assistant - Personal Assistant EFTA01688746 FD-302a (Rev. 10-695) 31E-MM-108062 Continuation of FD-302 of .0611/27/2006 .Page _I_ EFTA01688747 1 1E-MM-108062 Pursuant to a federal egarding the sexual exploitation of m. a victim, was interviewed by the FBI. i en i ying nformation is recorded below: Name Race Sex DOB SSAN Home Address Residence telephone Cellular telephone Parents telephone (Phoenix) White Female "It n, Texas 210 -b-1,4"..1°8.66 42 -4 EFTA01688748 1E-MM-108062 1. Pursuant to a federa sexual exploitation of m' interviewed by the FBI. recorded below: 104S Name Race Sex DOB SSA
2. pos `1691`
   > dress Residence telephone Cellular telephone Parents telephone (Phoenix) White Female "It n, Texas 210 -b-1,4"..1°8.66 42 -4 EFTA01688748 1E-MM-108062 1. Pursuant to a federa sexual exploitation of m' interviewed by the FBI. recorded below: 104S Name Race Sex DOB SSAN Home Address Residence telephone Cellular telephone Parents telephone (Phoenix) White egarding the a victim, was identifying information is Female AUStin. Texas • 1/4 3 /E- wim --/08.06,2- its?' EFTA01688749 (Rev. l-M400” • • FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION Precedence: PRIORITY To: Albuquerque Jacksonville San Juan From: Miami Squad PB-2 PBCRA Contact: Approved By: Drafted By: Case ID #: 31E-MM-108062 Title: JEFFREY EPSTEIN; (Pending) GHISLAINE N. MAXWELL WSTA - CHILD PROSTITUTI
3. pos `6544`
   > lm Beach, would contact some of the girls via cell phone. The massage pa s show evidence that the girls responded to those telephone calls and in some instances appointment confirmations were left for Epstein. In addition to the home in Palm Beach, Epstein also maintains a residence in the U.S. Virgin Islands, New York and New Mexico. To date, the PBCRA continues-to develop witnesses and victims from across the United States. Due to the media coverage, unknown status of the state investigation, vulnerability of the young female victims, and political influences, the AUSAs and Case.Agents have a target date of January 2007 for indictment. Based on the ongoing criminal investigation, the PBCRA is requesting the assistance in establishing Epstein's criminal activity utilizing interst
4. pos `6689`
   > in some instances appointment confirmations were left for Epstein. In addition to the home in Palm Beach, Epstein also maintains a residence in the U.S. Virgin Islands, New York and New Mexico. To date, the PBCRA continues-to develop witnesses and victims from across the United States. Due to the media coverage, unknown status of the state investigation, vulnerability of the young female victims, and political influences, the AUSAs and Case.Agents have a target date of January 2007 for indictment. Based on the ongoing criminal investigation, the PBCRA is requesting the assistance in establishing Epstein's criminal activity utilizing interstate commerce and the travel in interstate commerce to engage in illicit sexual conduct and prostitution. Prior to conducting captioned leads it
5. pos `59544`
   > d CO your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed cut:side your agency. EFTA01688785 FD-302a (Ftcv. ID-6-95) 31E-MM-108062 Continuation of FD-302 of • ,On 10/30/2006 ,Page 2 knows clearly what EPSTEIN did to her in regards to him touching her inappropriately. EFTA01688786 IIIIII . - - 08062 1 Pursuant to a federal investigation regarding the se tion of minors, a victim, was interviewed by the FBI. identifying orma on is recor e elow: Name: Race. Sex: DOB: Home Address: Telephone: Cellular Telephone: White Female • West mii,.•Florida 33415 \Sic - A.0.4 pre - EFTA01688787 • fol -/rA 08062 1 Pursuant Pursuattt a federal investigation regarding the se ' tion of minors, a victim, was interviewed by the FBI. identifying i orma ion is recor
6. pos `59880`
   > to a federal investigation regarding the se tion of minors, a victim, was interviewed by the FBI. identifying orma on is recor e elow: Name: Race. Sex: DOB: Home Address: Telephone: Cellular Telephone: White Female • West mii,.•Florida 33415 \Sic - A.0.4 pre - EFTA01688787 • fol -/rA 08062 1 Pursuant Pursuattt a federal investigation regarding the se ' tion of minors, a victim, was interviewed by the FBI. identifying i orma ion is recor e ow: Name: Race: White Sex: Female DOB: Home Address: es m eac , Florida 33415 Telephone: Cellular Telephone: 3 1 E - x i / v . / 0 5 ' 6 - 4 / EFTA01688788 31E-MM-108062 1 Pursuant to a federal ding the sexual exploitation of was interviewed by the FBI. i en ying n ormation is recorded below: Name: Race: S

### Minor

1. pos `9427`
   > day after his departure. Ia created a total of 16 charts. The charts ranged in date from 02/10/2005 through 10/06/2005. 44. 31E--mm- logt)(00-SD EFTA01688755 FD-302 (Rev. 10-6-95) • - I - FEDERAL BUREAU O1? INVESTIGATION Date of transcription 08/22/2006 was interviewed at her residence in West Palm Beach, Florida regarding a federal investigation involving the sexual exploitation of minors. After being advised of the identity of the interviewing agents and the nature of the interview, provided the following information: was employed as the House Manager for JEFFREY EPSTEIN's rest ence on the island of Palm Beach, Florida. She began working for EPSTEIN approximate, ree years ago. stated GHISLAINE MAXWELL(believed by to be EPSTEIN's girlfrie he time) ill e nwohired her.
2. pos `13966`
   > e notes made by at her time o emp-oyment with Those l documents have een placed in a FD-340, a 1-A envelope, an are I'li maintained with the case file. EFTA01688757 FD-302(Rev.10-6-95) • • -1- FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION DMoftmiscription 08/22/2006 was interviewed at her residence in West Palm Beach, Florida regarding a federal investigation involving the sexual exploitation of minors. After being advised of the identity of the interviewing agents and the nature of the interview, provided the following information: was employed as the House Manager for JEFFREY EPSTEIN's rest ence on the island of Palm Beach, Florida. She began working for EPSTEIN approximate) three years ago. stated GHISLAINE MAXWELL(believed by to be EPSTEIN's girlfrie he time) ' e nwohired her. It
3. pos `18444`
   > - also provided to the interviewing agents a copy of he worked at EPSTEIN's residence as well as some at her time of employment with EPSTEIN. Those een placed in a FD-340, a 1-A envelope, and are the case file. EFTA01688759 t A FD-302(Rev.10495) • -1- FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION Damoftransthpaan 12/13/2006 Pursuant to a federal investigation regarding the sexual exploitation of minors, David Richard Mullen, was interviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). After being advised of the identity of the interviewing agents and purpose of the interview, Mullen voluntarily provided the following information: Mullen was formerly employed as a chef at Daniel, a four star restaurant in New York, New York. He was also formerly employed as a chef by Jeffrey Epstein. Mul
4. pos `25800`
   > eard stories of girls who attempted to steal items from Epstein's residence and were sent home and not allowed to return. Mullen did not observe or hear any disturbances during his employment for Epstein. EFTA01688762 A FD-302 (Rev. I0-6-95) FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 2. 302. Date of transcription 12113/2006 Pursuant to a federal investigation regarding the sexual exploitation of minors, David Richard Mullen, was interviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). After being advised of the identity of the interviewing agents and purpose of the interview, Mullen voluntarily provided the following information: Mullen was formerly employed as a chef at Daniel, a four star restaurant in New York, New York. He was also formerly employed as a chef by Jeffrey Epstein. Mul
5. pos `32828`
   > n also had a cleaning crew for the Mullen was unaware of the crew member's Mullen heard stories of girls who attempted to steal items from Epstein's residence and were sent home and not allowed to return. Mullen did not observe or hear any disturbances during his employment for Epstein. EFTA01688765 31E-MM-108062 a Pursuant to a federal investigation regarding the sexual exploitation of minors, David Richard Mullen was interviewed by the FBI. Mullen's identifying information is recorded below: Name: Race: Sex: DOB Home Address: Cellular Telephone: Employment: David Richard Mullen White Male Lantana Florida C arlton Mana apan Florida Phone: Fax: 3/6- tiff - EFTA01688766 "Jr 02 . ec IIP 31E-MM-108062 Pursuant to a federal investigation regarding the sexual exploi
6. pos `33243`
   > ichard Mullen was interviewed by the FBI. Mullen's identifying information is recorded below: Name: Race: Sex: DOB Home Address: Cellular Telephone: Employment: David Richard Mullen White Male Lantana Florida C arlton Mana apan Florida Phone: Fax: 3/6- tiff - EFTA01688766 "Jr 02 . ec IIP 31E-MM-108062 Pursuant to a federal investigation regarding the sexual exploitation of minors, David Richard Mullen was interviewed by the FBI. Mullen's identifying information is recorded below: Name: Race: Sex: DOB Home Address: Cellular Telephone: Employment: David Richard •ullen White Male Lanta na rs a Chef Ritz Carlton Mann apan F ors a Phone: Fax: 561-540-4821 /08ob) EFTA01688767 Automated Serial Permanent Charge-Out FD-5a (1-5-94) Date: 06/21/07 Time: 13:39
7. pos `55267`
   > wed for his current job at istant cellular to ep one number as provided, EPSTEIN' a , MO provided the following address as residence: !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! a past EFTA01688782 6 FD-302 (Rev. 10-6-95) FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION mkawansa 11/01/2006 was interviewed near her residence in West Palm eac , F ori a regarding a federal investigation involving the sexual exploitation of minors. After being advised of the iden the interviewing agents and the nature of the interview, provided the following information: believed she first began providing massages to EPSTEIN at is residence in Palm Beach, Florida in June 2004. She was sixteen years old and thought she would'be providin EPSTEIN with a massage or possibly modeling lingerie for him. irst traveled to EPSTEIN's Palm
8. pos `57498`
   > tinianon of f-0-302 of • • .O110/30/2006 ,Pagc 2 knows clearly what EPSTEIN did to her in retards to him touching her inappropriately. EFTA01688784 II1 FD-302 (Rev. 10-5-95) • • - I - FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION Data of trans.:601bn 11/01/2006 was interviewed near her residence in West Palm each, Florida regarding a federal investigation involving the sexual exploitation of minors. After being advised of the iden the interviewing agents and the nature of the interview, provided the following information: believed she first began providing massages to EPSTEIN at is residence in Palm Beach, Florida in June 2004. She was sixteen years old and thought she would be providin• EPSTEIN with a massage or possibly modeling lingerie for him. first traveled to EPSTEIN's Pal
9. pos `59533`
   > nd is loaned CO your agency; it and its contents are not to be distributed cut:side your agency. EFTA01688785 FD-302a (Ftcv. ID-6-95) 31E-MM-108062 Continuation of FD-302 of • ,On 10/30/2006 ,Page 2 knows clearly what EPSTEIN did to her in regards to him touching her inappropriately. EFTA01688786 IIIIII . - - 08062 1 Pursuant to a federal investigation regarding the se tion of minors, a victim, was interviewed by the FBI. identifying orma on is recor e elow: Name: Race. Sex: DOB: Home Address: Telephone: Cellular Telephone: White Female • West mii,.•Florida 33415 \Sic - A.0.4 pre - EFTA01688787 • fol -/rA 08062 1 Pursuant Pursuattt a federal investigation regarding the se ' tion of minors, a victim, was interviewed by the FBI. identifying i orma i
10. pos `59869`
   > Pursuant to a federal investigation regarding the se tion of minors, a victim, was interviewed by the FBI. identifying orma on is recor e elow: Name: Race. Sex: DOB: Home Address: Telephone: Cellular Telephone: White Female • West mii,.•Florida 33415 \Sic - A.0.4 pre - EFTA01688787 • fol -/rA 08062 1 Pursuant Pursuattt a federal investigation regarding the se ' tion of minors, a victim, was interviewed by the FBI. identifying i orma ion is recor e ow: Name: Race: White Sex: Female DOB: Home Address: es m eac , Florida 33415 Telephone: Cellular Telephone: 3 1 E - x i / v . / 0 5 ' 6 - 4 / EFTA01688788 31E-MM-108062 1 Pursuant to a federal ding the sexual exploitation of was interviewed by the FBI. i en ying n ormation is recorded below: Nam

### Underage

1. pos `40170`
   > rs. EPSTEIN's personal assistant, was responsible for c ating travel arrangements for EPSTEIN. ROGERS believed that took over primary duties as EPSTEIN's personal assistant from GHISLAINE MAXWELL in late 2001. would handle setting up the staff for EPSTEIN's visits to ulti residences as well as transportation needs to and from the airports. ROGERS advised that he had never witnessed any underage females aboard the aircrafts. However ROGERS did state that there had been to many to count when it came to females ranging in age from 21 to 23. ROGERS also said that he had never observed any sex toys aboard either of EPSTEIN's aircraft. When the interviewing agents asked ROGERS for specific telephone numbers for several individuals, ROGERS provided the information from a personal digita
2. pos `46201`
   > hours. EPSTEIN's personal assistant, was responsible for c atang travel arrangements for EPSTEIN. ROGERS believed that took over primary duties as E 's personal assistant from SLAINE MAXWELL in late 2001. would handle setting up the staff for EPSTEIN's visits to is multi residences as well as transportation needs to and from the airports. ROGERS advised that he had never witnessed any underage females aboard the aircra£ts. However ROGERS did state that there had been to many to count when it came to females ranging in age .from 21 to 23. ROGERS also said that he had never observed any sex toys aboard either of EPSTEIN's aircraft. When the interviewing agents asked ROGERS for specific telephone numbers for several individuals, ROGERS provided the information from a personal digit

## Notes

- Contexts are from `DS9_contexts.jsonl`, `DS10_contexts.jsonl`, `DS11_contexts.jsonl`.
- This is a triage page for manual review; verify final claims against source PDFs.
