---
source_image: "affidavit__EFTA01289764_20260130_p104_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01289764.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 625
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T16:16:40.025183
---

Transactions by Type of Activity (continued) 
Process/ 
Settlement 
Date 
Adivity Type 
Description 
Quantity 
Price 
Accrued Interest 
Amount Currency 
Total Value of Transactions 
The price and quantity displayed may have been rounded. 
Client Service Information 
0.00 
0.00 
USD 
Your Client Advisor: WS 
Contact Information 
TAZIA SMITH 
345 PARK AVENUE 14TH FLOOR 
NEW YORK 
NY 10154 
Your Account Information 
Telephone Number: 1212) 454.2889 
Tax Lot Default Disposition Method 
Default Method for Mutual Funds: FIRST IN FIRST OUT 
Default Method for Stodis in a Dividend Reinvestment Plan: 
Default Method for all Other Securities: 
FIRST IN FIRST OUT 
Electronic Delivery 
You have not selected any account corn m unications for eledionic delivery. To register and turn off paper corn m unications. log in to your account or contact your Client Advisor for hate inform align. 
FIRST IN FIRST OUT 
Important Information and Disclosures 
Pricing 
This section includes the net market value of the securities in your account on a settlement date basis, including short positions, at the close of the statement period. The market prices have been obtained horn 
sources which we believe to be reliable. Pershing may not use the dosing price of the particular exchange or marketplace where your position was purchased as the 'Market Price.' Securities for which a price is 
not available are marked —N/A— and are omitted from the Total. 
The estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated current yield (ECY) figures are estimates and for informational purposes only. These figures are not considered to be a forecast or guarantee of future results. 
These figures are computed using information horn providers believed to be reliable; however, no assurance can be made as to the accuracy. Since interest and dividend rates are subject to change at any time, 
and may be affected by current and future economic, political, and business conditions, they should not be relied on for making investment, trading, or tax decisions. These figures assume that the position 
quantities, interest and dividend rates, and prices remain constant. A capital gain or return of principal may be included in the figures for certain securities, thereby overstating them. Refer to 
vnwtpershing.ccinibusiness_continuity.html for specific derails as to formulas used to calculate the figures. Accrued interest represents interest earned but not yet received. 
THE AS OF PRICE DATE ONLY APPEARS WHEN THE PRICE DATE DOES NOT EQUAL THE STATEMENT DATE. 
Reinvestment 
The dollar amount of Mutual Fund distributions, Money Market Fund dividend income, Bank Deposit interest income, or dividends for other securities sham on your statement may have been reinvested. You will 
not receive confirmation of these reinvestments. Upon written request to your financial institution, information pertaining to these transactions, including the time of execution and the name of the person from 
whom your security was purchased, may be obtained. In dividend reinvestment transactions. Pershing acts as your agent and receives payment for order flow. 
Options 
Information with respect to commissions and other charges incurred in connection with the execution of option transactions has been included in confirmations previously furnished to you. A summary of this 
information is available to you promptly upon your written request directed to your introducing firm. In order to assist your introducing firm in maintaining current background and financial information concerning 
your option accounts, please promptly advise them in writing of any material change in your investment objectives or financial situation. Expiring options which are valuable are exercised automatically pursuant to 
the exercise by exception procedure of the Options Clearing Corporation. Additional information regarding this procedure is available won written request to your introducing firm. 
Page 8 of 11 
Account Number:1440423 12 
Ral•d I ve.lent 
*10 1 l9CSF 30 022 
Go paperless 
SOUTHERN csonripmarTAL 
DAWN, RATED COMMUNCA11O.4 
IPICALIANCIE 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
Chissw•puiveueo•OnaliMill.0.••••••••••••••••••••• 
SDNY_GM_00046895 
DB-SDNY-0009719 
EFTA_00 157504 
EFTA01289867
