---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01652061_20260130_p064_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01652061.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 528
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:50.871417
---

On Apr 20, 2025, at 12:12 PM,_ 
.C
M
>  Nitrate: 
Download full resolution images 
Available and May 20. 2025 
I attached an "FBI agent" and wish to erase her plausible deniability about the absolute torture as a public whistleblower. Zero protections for me! Barely a shekel 
sent my way. My name used to file the affidavit which led to the Epstein arrest, my sister used to take down Maxwell. Still, ZERO PROTECTIONS AS THE 
ROYAL FAMILY AND ALL OF MAXWELL ASSOCIATES HARASS STALK DEFAME AND SMEAR ME FOR SIX YEARS! The death threats are "veiled", 
all except one from a researcher for a hack conspiracy peddler named Whitney Webb. 
Foster Henry and her co-stalking researcher threatened my life and I 
filed a police report. Local FBI needs NYPD to at least declare me a state witness. Guess who refused? NYPD. After coming to visit me here at my home in the 
South, for my testimony prior to arrest. They used me just like David BOLES, then left me alonc/bafficcIlin danger. 
Everyone knows they have culpability, so not one person will assist to provide me with protections! What good is this "FBI" agent as she watches this unfold and 
does NOTHING?! I AM BACK IN HIDING FFS BC OF THIS PUBLIC ABUSE BY FELONS ON PAROLE, useful idiots hired by a woman working with 
Trump's White House! DO YOUR JOB. I'm erasing your plausible deniability and asking you to assist my lawyer Jennifer Freeman with providing me 
protections as a Federal and State whistleblower. ASAP! WHY WOULD ANYONE ASSIST EVER AGAIN AFTER WATCHING THIS FEEDING FRENZY?! 
For six years as I fought two cancers, NOT ONE AUTHORITY FIGURE HAS PROTECTED ME POST USURY. Cy Vance said he would assist me until David 
BOLES was too "busy" to assist. I NEED TO BE PROTECTED. Maxwell threatened to murder me in multiple occasions for DECADES! Not one other victim 
has endured this, so THE BED WARDS declared me "not even worth a mil be not EVEN raped ="...yet the sex workers who were never kidnapped and 
stayed DECADES AS EMPLOYEES, they received all my stolen compensation?! 
There is a group of MOBCASTERS who refuse to stop abusing me/truth. These are ppl who drive a Sandy Hook victim to suicide once. FBI NEEDS TO PAY 
ATTENTION TO PUBLIC VICTIMS! You need to do your job. 
GEORGE B TONICS IS A felon WHO STALKED ME FROM PRISON, and I have reported to DOJ/Chicago Police/NYPD/and you! Do something! I am being 
gang stalked as. a crazy conspiracy nut uses her stolen credibility to declare me a -liar"! WHITNEY WEBB IS A CONSPIRACY THEORIST WHO IS 
COLLUDING AGAINST VICTIMS/truth for six years straight! She illegally recorded me following brain surgery and then released the recording on YOUTUBE 
for fast "fame". Glen Beck then hired her. They will not stop this game against victims/truth. It's been unbearable. 
I have 
<image0.png> 
8:26
< Sent 
Mod% MAKE A CORRea— n 
1' 
X. 
reminder Mal 
Dic 
1,4 
am • 
est 
Minat 'mnak" Ana by Asa orm Kin 
rap I colre•COZTO. 
r 
FitE fnn
 ri 
Au 'Week 
; 
Calihrmlid 
Cony Inion 
anew.* simpers.. vin<r~ii 
00404•••• Shin 
Ii 
<image2.png> 
EFTA01652124
