---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01453121_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01453121.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 535
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:36.385729
---

Deutsche Bank AG 
e an 
raup 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL LW 
182298 
14 
For Sales Inquiries Contact 
Tazia Smith (Tei • 
(Email) 
For questions relating to this statement contact 
Valuations NY (Tel) 
(Email) 
SOUTHERN FINANCIAL, LLC 
To: 
Jabwcpa Gmail (Email) JABWCPA@GMAILCOM,Harateller Gmail (Email) HAFtRYBELLER@GMAIL.COM.Richard Kahn12 (Email) richardkahn12@gmal com,Gedeon Pinedo (Email) gedeon pinedogdb com.Vane Stepanian (Email) 
union etarint,rtylknur
1/4 Innaph rratttars (rtni) 
jr,aph nithrenteh 
enm Trin 
Cm: h (Crn•sit) Imvia nmitItyth 
neur1/4 Anneselm Withy (rmaq 
nn,mel.leirkyefth 
awn 0,11 Altirrie (Gnnit) p ail mnenetyth nnnt 
Fx Elates: 
USD/EUR b .7191916286 
12 Me 2014 
Par 1 Of 2 
Note:-All Values are shown from the 08 Group's point of view. A negative Value therefore expresses an amount which is in your favour, while a positive amount is one which is in 09 Group favour. The terms and conditions of each transaction are specified in the 
relevant trade Confirmation. 
Deutsche Bank Group ("DB") is providing the valuations set forth above as an accommodation to you solely for your own internal use. Unless expressly stated otherwise, valuations represent DB's current economic assessment of the transaction or instrument as 
of the date specified. DB's economic assessment is typically derived all or in part from model prices, external sources, market prices and/or 06's internal books and records prices. Valuations may be adjusted to take into account market, liquidity. credit. 
operational or other Asks, and/or to reflect adjustments based upon our willingness to unwind all or part of your position or revenue that has been generated but not yet recognized by DB ("Premium Adjustments"). Such Premium Adjustments will generally 
always decline over time, as DB's appetite to unwind at a premium will generally decline over time, which will lead to lower valuations in the absence of changes in market conditions. Valuations, including those containing Premium Adjustments, may not 
represent the terms at which new transactions or instruments could be entered into with DB or the terms at which existing transactions or instruments could be liquidated or unwound with DB. DB may change its valuation methodology and the related 
adjustments and assumptions at any time, so that future valuations may be less favourable than the current ones, even in the absence of an adverse development in market conditions. Valuations based on different assumptions or calculated using other 
methodologies may also yield different results and any adjustments may not apply for the duration of the transaction or instrument. My subsequent valuations provided to you will almost certainly differ from this valuation. This difference can be less favourable to 
you, and due to the volatility of market conditions. the size or notional amount of the decrease or increase and other factors. the differential could be substantial. DB shall not be liable for any errors or omissions made in calculating or disseminating valuations, or 
for any inaccuracies or flaws in the methodologies, adjustments or assumptions. DB specifically disclaims liability for any losses or damages (incidental, consequential or otherwise) that may arise from valuations that are either used or relied upon by you or any 
other party for any reason including, without limitation, your use of valuations in preparation of your own financial books and records. 
Statement ID: 
CONFIDENTIAL — PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0110564 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00256748 
EFTA01453121
