---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01652489_20260130_p004_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01652489.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 536
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:50.896417
---

WHY IS THIS RELEVANT BECAUSE I ALSO KNOW 
VHO I ALSO WANT INVESTIGATED IS WORKING WITH THE MET POLICE ON THAT HARRODS RAPE SCANDAL THAT YOU ALSO 
IGNORED AND SUPPRESSED!! 
What you gonna do
-rest me for emailing you critical evidence of those responsible for aiding and abetting, fraud, theft, blackmailing etc a sex trafficking ring the victim is trying to report?? 
Or would you like to arrest me because you police boys seem to still be confused as to what an actual biological woman is?? 
When do we get to hold rapists, pedophiles accountable and those that aide them? 
I also want my police file. Even before I came forward Sho 
was the CEO of BALFAIRS international, Curran Street, whom you will also get a witness statement went to some High up police person. Did a police check I 
believe. 
Apparently the guy is well known.. He can tell you about 
So anyway he didn't say much but that I am a marked woman by you guys. 
Seems the police have been keeping tabs on me for quite some time? This started with 
from Strathclyde Police. 
For what? This was before I even came forward??? So I'm going to need some explanation- THE BRITISH GOVERMENT HAVE BEEN INVOLVED FROM DAY ONE 
Maybe you can explain that to a judge like you're also going to have to explain why you not even willing to have a conversation about what happened never mind look at evidence provided ESPECIALLY WHEN I WAS IN THE UK!! 
Very disappointing! So tell me 
whose jurisdiction is it? Must I go to the Dutch police? Or must I go back to 
PERHAPS LIZ TRUSS AND NIGEL FARAGE CAN SET UP A PUBLIC INQUIRY?? THE PUBLIC WANT TO KNOW THESE THINGS YOU SEE. 
FYI 
I would also like an investigation done on how many times 
entered the UK 
You see we both know 
went to the UK and trafficked to the UK. 
Now why do I want you to investigate this?? 
Because the plea barging does NOT EXIST OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES!! 
So my question is have you behind the backs of the victims back been working with the perpetrators and NOT the victims? 
Time to get those flight logs hey 
Perhaps you can ask 
• 
Time to see which old those flew to the UK and when? I'm sure =Ghislaine Maxwell etc flew to the UK surely? You MI have this informabon and well as the flight logs. 
So DS as Maxwell is in the Supreme Court and her get out of jail card is the plea barging secured by Mr DersInvitz, is this why your refusal° to help me? 
Because we both know that my evidence and those flight logs blow the plea barging apart. 
On Tut, Apr 22, 2025 at 13:42, .c CSCMailbox- fl unglexlrivcsfiganonTeggigingypolice uk> wrote: 
Good AfternooM 
DI believe that my colleagual has already spoken to you in regards to the matters that you have raised. I understand that you may not be happy with this decision but we do not have Jurisdiction over the matters that you have realsed. 
Please could you refrain from °mailing this mailbox any further in relation to these matters. 
Kind Reim° 
EFTA01652492
