---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01376351_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01376351.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 500
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:20.804166
---

Deutsche Bank AG 
e an 
ram 
Request 240776 
As of 05 Feb. 
05 Feb 2019 
Par 1 Of 
2 
For Sales Inquiries Contact 
Martin Zeman Cre 
(Erna') 
For questions relating to this statement contact 
Valuations NY (Tel) 
Er all ) 
Fx Raley 
USD/EUR = .8768468587 
Note:-All Values are shown from the DB Groups point of view. A negative Value Therefore expresses an amount which is in your favour, while a positive amount is one which is in DB Group favour. The terms and conditions of each transaction are specified in the 
relevant trade Confirmation. 
Deutsche Bank Group ("DB") is providing the valuations set forth above as an accommodation to you solely for your own internal use. Unless expressly stated otherwise, valuations represent DB's current economic assessment of the transaction or instrument as 
of the date specified. DB's economic assessment is typically derived all or in part from model paces, external sources, market prices and/or DB's internal books and records prices. Valuations, other than daily marks provided pursuant to CFTC rule 23.431(d)(2), 
may be adjusted to take into account market, liquidity, credit, operational or other risks, and/or to reflect adjustments based upon our willingness to unwind all or part of your position or revenue that has been generated but not yet recognized by DB ("Premium 
Adjustments"). Such Premium Adjustments will generally always decline over time, as DB's appetite to unwind at a premium will generally decline over time, which will lead to lower valuations in the absence of changes in market conditions. Valuations, including 
those containing Premium Adjustments, may not represent the terms at which new transactions or instruments could be entered into with DB or the terms at which existing transactions or instruments could be liquidated or unwound with DB. DB may change its 
valuation methodology and the related adjustments and assumptions at any time, so that future valuations may be less favourable than the current ones, even in the absence of an adverse development in market conditions. Valuations based on different 
assumptions or calculated using other methodologies may also yield different results and any adjustments may not apply for the duration of the transaction or instrument. My subsequent valuations provided to you will almost certainly differ from this valuabon. 
This difference can be less favourable to you, and due to the volatility of market conditions, the size or notional amount of the decrease or increase and other factors, the differential could be substantial. DB shall not be liable for any errors or omissions made in 
calculating or disseminating valuations, or for any Inaccuracies or flaws in the methodologies, adjustments or assumptions. DB specifically disclaims liability for any losses or damages (incidental, consequential or otherwise) that may arise from valuations that 
are either used or relied upon by you or any other party for any reason including. without limitation, your use of valuations in preparation of your own financial books and records. 
Statement ID : 240776_20190205 29190206_1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0072409 
SDNY_GM_00218593 
EFTA01376351
