---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01658773_20260130_p015_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01658773.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 581
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:51.714609
---

to murder and rob" drug dealers, "pleaded guilty to several counts this week." This comes after 
Siegenthal's wife and her 30-year-old son also entered guilty pleas in connection with this case. 
FBI Searching For Suspect In Colorado Bank Robberies. 
The Denver Post (11/10, Nicholson, 720K) reports, "The FBI and local police are looking for a 
man who is suspected of robbing multiple banks in the Denver metro area. Cody Michael Giron 
is wanted for robbing three banks, and attempting to rob a fourth bank, since late October, 
according to the FBI." Giron "is described as 5 feet, 8 inches tall with a medium build. The 
robber wore a black hooded jacket, an orange Denver Broncos baseball cap, a black and white 
patterned face mask and a blue and orange Colorado hat, the FBI said in a news release. The 
robber presents a note to the teller and flees the bank. No weapons have been mentioned or 
seen." 
Michigan Man Facing Murder Charge. 
The Detroit News (11/11, 825K) reports Gary Lightfoot "faces murder and gun charges related 
to a May 5 shooting on Detroit's west side." Lightfoot "was arraigned Tuesday by Magistrate 
Malaika Ramsey-Heath at Detroit's 36th District Court. "Authorities say that he "drove up, got 
out of his vehicle, argued briefly with a 59-year-old man, Jeffrey Austin, then returned with a 
rifle and shot him." 
Authorities Uncover Illegal Marijuana Growing Operation In California. 
The Sacramento (CA) Bee (11/10, 567K) reported that court documents show a tip to the FBI 
"helped authorities uncover an illegal marijuana growing operation" in a home in Rocklin, 
California. Federal agents who "served a search warrant at the home...found more than 800 
marijuana plants, marijuana ballasts and evidence linking the grow to certain residents of 
Sacramento." The KCRA-TV Sacramento, CA (11/10, 287K) website published a similar article. 
Arizona Navajo Nation Police Involved In Fatal Shooting. 
The Arizona Republic (11/11, 869K) reports that Arizona-based Navajo Nation police "say a 
man threw a rock at a unit and was believed to have threatened officers with a weapon before 
officers shot and killed him in Fort Defiance on Tuesday." The FBI is investigating the case. 
Tennessee Air National Guard Member Charged With Sexual Exploitation Of Minor. 
The Maryville (TN) Daily Times (11/10, Wombles, 62K) reports Tennessee Air National Guard 
member Timothy Robert Byrd "was arrested by Maryville Police officers at 6:08 p.m. Nov. 8 and 
charged with two counts of sexual exploitation of a minor." He "was taken into custody after 
more than 100 child pornography images were allegedly downloaded to online accounts 
associated with him." The investigation began after Yahoo notified the FBI about a series of 
illegal photos were uploaded to an email account associated to Byrd. 
FBI Investigating 2019 Murder In New York State. 
Spectrum News Southern Tier  (M) (11/10) reports that the FBI is investigating the murder of 
Shakeel Khan, who "was closing his restaurant, Halal Bites, in March on 2019 when he was shot 
and killed." The agency is offering $50,000 for information "leading to the conviction and arrest 
of Khan's murderer." 
FBI Offers Reward For Information On 2017 Disappearance Of New York Woman. 
The Middletown (NY) Times Herald-Record (11/10, 147K) reports that the FBI and local police 
officers "are looking for information that will help solve the 2017 disappearance of Shaniece 
Harris of Rock Hill, and the FBI is now offering a reward in the case." She was last seen on May 
29, 2017, and no one "has heard from her since then." 
EFTA01658787
