---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01508653_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01508653.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 808
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:48.086076
---

JPMorgan 0 
Private Bank 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
Account Number 
September 01. 2007 - September 30, 2007 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service specialist it you mink yOur MateMent It Metered a, you require addiTIOnal information about ti transeceon on your statement. 
JPMSI is a mambo, of the Saco/Ass Ionised Pro:eaten Corporation rsipo • noltprailf membership comorabco funded by twoheordeaters rogue:wad with the Seca rites and ExchargoCommus,on Secatios and ash MI Ice a cvslones at JPMSI we ptateoled by 
SIPC up to 6500000 pa* custom,. winch includes up to 5100000 of (Matto for cash. SIPC does not protect team! losses tom ilboluebone Al the valued the sect/ass Assets hed in custody by 'Meagan Chase Bank NA (the ganklare not siAyect I I o WPC 
You I'm obtain otoenetem•boul &PC. including the &PCBrocade on lbw mobs* a 'Mew sec cog' cv Dy contacting Tern • MD371.8300 
J P Mogen Seamiest% . JPMagon Calve Bank NA. 
Mee °Metes (the Woven Compenetilmey monde edinaatebve.CtistOded sakes MsesbubOn a antehOklaserviCesIOJPMCrgan Funds. AnstoCenCenhayFunds. a funds felateshed.SpOnSOred. &Need a 
renegedby third pates and the Magian Composes may to ccerpaysaled kw such smoses 
IMPORTANT *FORMATION ABOUT YOUR JPMSI MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Meese review yaw &COMM( statement and promptly report any Inaccuracy or dISCMpanCy InCluang possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, and unaccounted cash pointer). In wnting. 
Any oral 
communication should be nscontrmed in writing to Anther protect your rights, including your rights under the Secunties Investor Protection Act (SIPA). If you have any questions, please contact your JPMSI Account Reemergence 
a JPIISJ COMOSInCe O•panznitrit at (2/2) 182-2323. 
Pease /sop Me fal1,1100 in mod onto van, toes statement to Medi sou JPMSI brcherapmedney This a:0.wpm combmes yew genera, moron amount nth the SpeCbil enelmnneken amount moored by Sector 220 6 Reatationi As mused by Regulation I a 
permanent record d sour soperobeeccount is rameabeimon your request 
Important Information about Pricing and Valuations. 
Roes sate of wiseh are provided by along savoys a OM. 3040003 anon we deem iMeble tee not guaranteed la Kenny a as Matadi> mates 
Free credo as:fleesAI your account are not segregated and may De used to the over Moon Of JPIASis business. subset 10 the MatiabOnS CI SEC Rultrlac3,1 Unless Othereee mead JAWS a 45 *gents and depOetorrim wet held your secuntes Upon 
demand 
JPMSI wit pay to you the amount dyad treemeddbalence and me dean: e Soya .9 fulpead socunties held on pour behalf 
Interest my be charged on any deed balance the method ce cat-Monne interest,. described oaten*. sent to at margin antonws. 
You /nova have ecereedsepa eSelPMSt coat means Icr each MC400.3 ten sachan AN tamectons ate subesa to Me tern and COMMOYM Slated on the nfreleSeeldeOtauCh COntonabOns and we teased 10 the cOnsteutiOn. by-levro. Custom and inetreretStOnad the 
malotplace ohm executed and gowned by and construed to &montane. iwth the laws or be Sage et New Yak end at applocablehderallaws and rogulaticas Further intarnoton wen respect to ccurendscos and atlas charges related to the execution& It insectaria 
madden; OpbOns tanSeCtonS. has been included m confernabons that were prevouslyfu✓tooled to you Upon written request 'PM& vistl peampfly supply you wen Me latest such information 
if a patdlthou made with reaped to an issue ol secunbes =Wed in your Magri Account we not caccatethe cal by a method we deer n fav and mutable 
You must prong* *dm* -PM& of matenaichangos in your investment object/Jos a finance, situation Unless you oktm JPMSI othernms JP...Gime comedic:Mittman,» currontlyo es files to be complete and mambo 
JPMSI is not a bank end at a seems* Ipso only from its bank a twit Orestes. ocardng JPMCB The .teCunlieS sod offered ce ;sooners's:MI by,,IPMSI 
(I) Are not insured by the Federal Depose lostattre Corm/aeon a any other gomnmenfal agency 
(2) Are net deposes a other CtagettMS Of JPMSIS bank Cr Net elMeSee (unless otherwise indcated). end are not wombed by a the resporseettfy d any such aTineteNunless eV/eft Stated OPtenve0). and 
(3) Inman "oilman: mkt inchoIng possible toss de* pence:sal "nested 
JPIOSIS banking alleles may be lenders k awn of seashes that Set& ondermaes 
**oh case proceeds of Onenngs underennen by JPIASI ow be used k' r the repaynwe or such loins and )co should refer,* ma disclosure documents relatangio macular 
securities 
docussion of any such lending relationships The FederalReacr magueys that -PSIS °Man your cement tabled can obtan caftan oformebon from its bank ex MR abrades octucing Mat aces! ealveboncl )ou 
and assume bat wet earthmen, k 
tensed business veer JPMSI wit coneblute yam:assent 10 Me sharing of such tnernettcoDyJPMSteal as Dinka Moll Orestes. to the extent petnietted b y law 
JPMorgan Female Banks, the marketing nen* bas the peak blueing business conducted by J P Mayen ChM. 8 Co through
Matgh¢s subsdesues saldwde. oclUdeng JPMCB and .1.04451 
Page 17 of 17 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00033981 
SDNY_GM_00303179 
EFTA01508653
