---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01512235_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01512235.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 815
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:48.386627
---

JPMorgan 0 
Private Bank 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
Account Number 
November 01. 2007 - November 30 2007 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service specialist it you think yell Statement N Mewed or you require MISTIOnal information about. Iran bon on your statement. 
JPMSI is a member, of the Sauna Mace Protection Caperation (51PC*) • noit.proM membership comorabco tuna by lanalumdeakers registered with Me Sambas and ExchargeCommosion Secaties end cosh hen kit a custom( at !PIM we protected by 
SIPC up to S500.000 per customer. Much includes up b 5100000 o potecticn la cash SIPC does not protect mend losses boni liboluolona Al the valued the mantas Assns herb' a custody by fintagan Chase Bank NA Rho ganklare not siAsect to WPC 
You rney °an Sonnets', about &PC. including the SIM Brochtee on they **AM • rwww cps ay a Dy contacting Mom el (202J 371.8300 
JP Wigan Searraes Inc JPMagon Clime Bank NA. a than athletes (Me lemon Can enes,mey pond, ednahatebre.CuStOdal. al 
OS tan a shWehOkla servos's, 10 JPMCrgen Funds. Anima CenhayFungs. a taxa Balaaarad. SpOnSOD90. (KlaSed 
managed by lard pates and the Magian Composes may be ccerpassatod er  such soma 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR JPMSI MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Please review your account statement and promptly report any Inaccuracy or di SenhaanCy InCluding possible unauthorized trading aCtillty, unrecorded dividend payments. and unaCCOunted cash pOSAIOnS In writing. 
Any oral 
communication should be reconfirmed in waling to Author protect your rights, including your rights under the Secunties Investor Protection Act (SIPA). II you have any questions, please contact your JPMSI Account Representanve 
a JPIASJ COMplianee Chtpaatint al (2/2) 1/0-2323. 
Please Seep the fatmong in mod when using this statement to bin IoM JPMSI tvOlailealicty TALS VO4,01002 CombtneS you gen &Minor amount ism me SpeCoal enelmnneken act-oom repure0 by Section 220 6 Po:loaf/Gni 
As re used by Rogow:onto 
permaneraeccedd 'our seperMeaccoure is riyagabbupon sour mood 
Important Intormabon about Pricing and Valuations. 
Roes sone of which we provided by Among soma a other sources whoh we deem cable we nOt guaranteed to occur-soy a as restate* yearn 
Free credit balances in you account wend segregated and may be used in the maser of ,IPIASts Dusions. subject IO the Onatiaba CI SEC Rule 15c3-3 Unless arena instudect .ANSI a as fl eas and depOstores we had )our mambas Upon WV demand 
JPMSI wit pay to you the amount 
yoa treorreoltbalance and ewe deem. So mst • fulymaid mambos held on war behalf 
Inrerestmo be charged on anydead balance the method orcetutobrg ',tato 
described malaise sent to at Miss CuSIOMIM 
You anova have ieceteedsept rele.IPMSI coat means la eeCh MC400.3frensachan As tancrectoas we autwa to the tonna end Galata Slated on the ntreeMealdeCISuCh COntionatOns end We Sepia 10 thecan/40On. by-levea cons and MetrpretetiOnad Ole 
manacle*, whom o mootedand governed by and construed in aim:Mance with the laws d Me Stale of New Yak and at applicablelederallews end rogaicas Further intarnebon wen rasped to Gamow:ea and other charms relate:Ito the axecutian of liana-hens 
needling OpbOns frenSeCtron has been induled con conamsbons thus were previous's& mated to sou Upon written request 'PM& wal promptly sappy you we, Me Seat such in/Orman 
if a padacal4 made with reaped to an issue a securaes =Wed in your Margo Account we ita raccatelhe cat by a method we deer n far end °gable 
You must prong* *dose JPMSI of metertaichanges in sour invoslment object/ma a financial situation Unless you nktm JPMSI othermaa. JPMSI loll consider the inlormabon curraollym its Melo be compels and scents 
JPMSI is not a bank &Manson* PO entity banes bank a Ova athletes. womItclng JPMCB The SeCunlieS sal offered cc reconvnenged by SUSI-
(I) Are not insured by the Federal Depose last Fame Capaatcn a any other goternmenfal agency 
(2) Are not deposes a other CtegationS Of JPMSIS bank a tart ellaeles (unless otherwrso ad/Daiwa end are not guaranteed by a the respartogy Of any such taTitleaudess expladly SWAY OParWarl). and 
(3) Imam "oilmen: ha. incasing possible lass oaths precool needed 
JPIOSIs honking anbiales may be Menders b awn at worded thin JPMSI undorryan in when case proceeds a aromas undereninen by JPMSI rimy be used fa the amaynwe or such loans and )ou should refer,* me disclosure MCOMOMS telatang b pwtcuW 
securities la discussion of any such lending relationships The FecleteiReservereqwea that JPMS obtan your consent babe can obton caftan informebon tram its bank a tan affiliates inducing then arca calk/abaci you We will assume mat rate conbnumg to 
transact busmen war JPMSI era constitute yam:assent 10 the anaong of such .nkarlitalbyJPMS, 4300 as bank Cr Ilion elneetes. to the extent pet hatted b y law 
JP%krgen Ftivele Bank is me marketing nuns fa the ;ovate Panting business conducted by J P Morgan Chase 8 Co through ¢a subsatmeo worldwide. inclUdeng JPMCB end JPMSI 
Page 14 of 14 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00038082 
SDNY_GM_00307280 
EFTA01512235
