---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01658687_20260130_p012_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01658687.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 606
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:51.701606
---

from an incident last March in which "a mentally troubled man [was] handcuffed and pinned 
down in the street. Officers not noticing at first that he had stopped breathing." ABC (Norma) 
added that in the body cam footage, "an officer holds [Daniel] Prude's head down for more than 
two minutes as his yells become whimpers, and then he appears to stop breathing. ... Prude 
died seven days later. The medical examiner calling his death a homicide." Prude's "family is 
calling for the officers involved to be fired and charged." The New York Times (9/2, Closson, 
Shanahan, 18.61M) reports New York State Attorney General Letitia James "and the Rochester 
police chief said they were conducting inquiries into the death. The officers involved are still on 
the force." 
Police Held Black Jogger For Two Days After Mistaking Him For A Suspect. 
ABC World News TonightVi (9/2, story 8, 0:40, Llamas, 6.93M) reported that in San Antonio, 
Texas "a Black jogger [is] speaking out after he was confused by police for a suspect in a family 
violence case and spent two days in jail. Body camera video shows police stopping Matthias 
Ometu who refused to tell them his name, which people have the right to do in Texas." Ometu 
was handcuffed and put in a police car. The victim "said he was not the suspect, but police 
booked him for assaulting a peace officer." ABC added, "The charges have been dropped, but 
Ometu says the unfair treatment he received must still be addressed." 
OPERATION LEGEND 
Florida Man Suspected Of Missouri Homicide Is Captured In Operation LeGend. 
The Kansas City (MO) Star (9/2, Cronkleton, 549K) reports, "A Florida man suspected in a 
homicide that occurred during a home invasion robbery in Tallahassee has been caught by 
federal agents in Jackson County. The department of justice touted the presence of Kansas 
City's Operation LeGend in the success of his arrest." US Marshals arrested Yuri Harris, 24, 
Monday "at Longview Lake in the southeastern part of the Kansas City metro area on a warrant 
from Leon County, Florida, U.S. Marshal Mark S. James announced Tuesday in a news release. 
`Mr. Harris definitely chose the wrong place to come to with the additional resources in town for 
Operation LeGend,' James said. `We were able to put a lot of manpower towards his capture." 
Harris "was charged in the Aug. 27 killing in which the victim was fatally shot during a home 
invasion robbery." 
US Charges Indiana Man With Straw-Purchasing Guns For Chicago Felon. 
The Chicago Sun-Times (9/2, Wilusz, 875K) reports, "A northwest Indiana man is facing federal 
charges for allegedly straw-purchasing guns in Indiana for a felon in Chicago." Brian Haywood, 
24, "is charged with one count of knowingly selling and disposing of a firearm to a convicted 
felon, according to a statement from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of 
Illinois. On July 30, Aug. 5 and Aug. 20, Haywood allegedly bought guns from stores in 
Hammond, Indiana, and signed forms indicating he was the actual buyer, prosecutors said. He 
was actually purchasing them for someone from Chicago whom he knew was prohibited from 
owning firearms because of a felony conviction, according to the U.S. attorney's office." The 
charges "were filed as part of Operation Legend." 
Morgan: Operation Legend Exemplifies How Trump Is "Committed To Public Safety." 
Acting CBP Commissioner Morgan said on Fox News' Bill Hemmer Reports that "this President is 
committed to public safety and protecting American citizens. Operation Legend...represents 
exactly the way it should be done. Local, state and federal authorities joining together to work 
together to address and reduce violent crime in their cities." 
COUNTER-TERRORISM 
EFTA01658698
