---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01658664_20260130_p020_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01658664.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 583
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:51.697606
---

The New York Times (9/20, 18.61M) editorializes that "in a stunning display of chutzpah, 
the Trump administration is now arguing that the United States is still part of the Iran deal" that 
it withdrew from two years ago. That, it argues, is "because it wants to use a provision in the 
deal to snap back' global sanctions on Iran," and "only a party to the agreement can trigger a 
resumption of global sanctions." 
Airstrike In Kills At Least 10 Afghan Civilians, 30 Taliban Amid Peace Talks. 
The Washington Post (9/20, George, Hassan, 14.2M) reports that "while representatives of the 
Afghan government and the Taliban talk peace in Doha, the sides continue to launch deadly 
attacks in Afghanistan, leaving dozens dead." On Saturday, "at least 10 civilians and more than 
30 Taliban fighters were killed in two airstrikes by Afghan government planes in the northern 
province of Kunduz, according to local officials." Elsewhere on Saturday, "two local officials, 
including a deputy police chief, were assassinated" in Paktika province. No one claimed 
responsibility, "but Afghan officials believe armed groups linked to the Taliban are behind a 
string of similar attacks." 
US, UAE Officials To Hold Talks To Normalize Israeli-Sudanese Ties. 
Barak Ravid reports for Axios (9/20, 521K) that US, Emirati and Sudanese officials will hold "a 
decisive meeting in Abu Dhabi on Monday on a possible normalization agreement between 
Sudan and Israel, Sudanese sources told me." According to the sources, "if the US and the 
United Arab Emirates accommodate Sudan's requests for economic aid, an announcement on a 
normalization agreement with Israel similar to the ones struck with the UAE and Bahrain could 
be made within days." 
Secretary of State Pompeo said on Fox News Sunday Morning FuturesVi (9/20, 1.66M) of 
the recently signed Abraham Accords, "For three years, President Trump has taken a 
fundamentally different approach. The establishment Middle East policy was that you had to 
resolve the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians first. The President came to understand 
quickly that the real threat to these countries was the Islamic Republic of Iran, so we flipped 
the narrative. We worked to deliver a coalition to get the Gulf states to work together, to 
convince them that they could in fact work alongside and partner with and do commerce with 
the state of Israel and recognize them and that they'll be safer, their people will be more 
prosperous. Those are the central underpinnings and it then took action. It took principled 
action on behalf of President Trump and our administration to convince them that the 
Americans will be there." 
NYTimes Analysis: Trump Hopes Accords Will Boost Support Among Jews, 
Evangelicals. The New York Times (9/20, 18.61M) reports that the Trump campaign has 
"wasted little time cashing in" on last week's White House signing ceremony for new accords 
between Israel and two Arab states. Two days after the event, his campaign released "a slick, 
30-second ad featuring footage from the ceremony and depicting Mr. Trump as a heroic 
peacemaker for bringing Israel into normalized relations with the United Arab Emirates and 
Bahrain." Trump allies say the deal "resonates particularly with Jewish Americans, who are a 
key voting bloc in the critical swing state of Florida, and evangelical Christians, who are fervent 
supporters of Israel and its broadest territorial claims." 
THE BIG PICTURE 
Headlines From Today's Front Pages. 
Wall Street Journal: 
Supreme Court Vacancy Sets Off Debate As Trump Plans For Ginsburg Successor 
Amy Coney Barrett Is Again A Top Contender For Supreme Court Nomination 
EFTA01658683
