---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01512110_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01512110.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 797
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:48.251103
---

JPMorgan 0 
Private Bank 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
Account Number: 
February 01, 2007 - February 28, 2007 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service speeiaNst If you Mink yew SUMMON N Mmairect of you require additional InharmadOn about. dames bon on your statement. 
JPMSI is a mambo, al the Secretes Ionise& Protechon Ccepczatian (SC) • noSkAprolif membership coiporabco landed by brohendeeters regokted with the Seca✓Mos and ExcharceCommisson Secants end ash hen kg a custom( as JAMS we picketed by 
SIPC up to S500.000 poi customer. each includes up b 51042000 off:galactic+) la me SIPC does not protect mem! losses ban ilboluotona Al the valued the secures/ Assets hub incusIcdy by JPUogem Chase Bank NA (the Vanklare not sistmct b SIPC. 
You rney oaten ntownebon Mout &PC. including the SIM Brochtve on that nabs* a rwww sob erg' cv Dy contacting Mem • MD371.8300 
J P Mogan Secunives Inc JPMorgan Chime Sank NA a that alfAstesahe 'Mogen Combines, may monde edminkitetree.CuStOchal. Wes OS ibubOn a shtehOkkvseiviCestOJPMCrgan Funds AnwinCAnCenhayFunds a fonds ealateseett SpOnSOred. &Need a 
mamma by Maid pates Abe Morgan Commends may be comma-waled Aa such sonuces 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR JAMS( MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Ream revIew yaw account statement and promptly report any Inaccuracy or discrepancy including possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments. and unaccounted cash positrons In writing. 
Any oral 
tonmurwcabon should be neconfirmed in writing to further protect your nghts, including your rights wider the Securities Investor Protection Act (SIPA). If you have any questions, please contact your JPMSI Account Representative 
a JPMSI COMAIIMet O•periziftrit al (212) 03'2323. 
Please Imp Me takmong in mnd when using toes Statement b Neck Ott JPMSI &offal. avivty TALS StaMmen2 combines yow gamest moron account nth me speoal nwnyyandarn mecum re/toed by Section 220 o RequationT 
As Amused by Pigtail:cote 
permanentreccrd of sour seposebeaccount is eradabbopcn sour sequoia 
Important Informabon about Pricing and Valuations. 
Roes sat. d which are svovded by Axing **noes or Mho, sources Mich we deem reiablo we not guaranteed tor accuracy a as reeked* values 
Free credit babmpeam you account rend legregaied and mey De used to the operation Of JPUSIs business. subject to the OnstrabOnS CI SECNy*15o,', Unkind Othereeetostotlect JAW/ a 45 agents end depoWas, we/ IdW your secant., UNA WV demand 
JAWS) wit pay to you the amount arrow beecredt balance and kid doh. z Saps 
you lady-pod mambos nelson sour behalf 
!Nevem my be Charged On any dead balance the ineniOd 01 Catutabn oftveStiS den bed on a tenet Sent to silt rrirgantulomers. 
You shout; have iecereedsepa its...JAWS( con& means for seCh MC400.3 ten sachan AN transearens weaubasa to the tennS and COntatimS sated on the nreaMedlOSOISuCh COnfirmatOna end we subsea 10 the constitution. by-leero. Custom and ReerpretabOaSCI me 
maNetplace oboe executedand gemmed by and curse Led in exadanceiwth the laws or the Sage of New Yakand at applocabletaderallaws end regulations Further inikernetnn wen respect to Grammars and other charges related to the executian of &insectaria 
incandero options fransecbs. has been innululed in confernabonsthel were preyoushawnehed to you Upon antler, request 'Anima pzempfly supplyyou wet dm Meet such information 
If a beautician's made with reaped to an ante cisecunbas nckded in your btaigui Account we tub tally 
cal by a method we deer n far end equitable 
You must prong* schwa JAM& of metenarchenges in your investment objectives a linanosistuation UMess you inktm JAMS/ othemea, JPMSI was censer the informal= currentlym 
Melo be estate end maws* 
JAMS n nil a bank en la a Sean* tent entity tan its bank a thin atrilates. incitidng JPMCS The .teCunlieS soil offered ca reconvnended byJAMS1-
(1) Are nal insured by the Federal Depose Insurance Comeabon a any sure goeemmanfal agency 
(2) Are nal deposes Cr Other CtegatOna Of JRASIS bent. Cr Mill OMR* (unless otherwise indcated). end are nil guaranteed by a Ike iesponeibety d any MCA Neinated(unless expately lead OPletleal). and 
IR Wreck* iniestment rake encasing possible Mass °lithe pimcnyal arrested 
JANSIs banking elNieles may to konclata b saves Of SeCunteSInel JPMSI underrates in **oh case proceeds of °Manias under...Tom by JPMSI film be used o t the repayment ot such loans and )oo shout, refers* ma disclosure documents nolatmg b pence* 
securities fcr discussion of any such lending relationships The FedetalReaerveremees that JAYSobtain sour consent Mane can obtan certain informebon from its bank a WA endures. inducing bow area ecakeeboncl $ou We me assume bat your °mimosa, to 
Sarum, busyness with 
w,s constitute ',wt.:Amid 10 the sharing of such tnIalrellcoDy JUL/Steal its Dinka Mn elneatea to the extent panted by law 
JPAkrgen Rine* Bank is the marketing nemeke the Novae boohoo Deanna Con:gutted yJ P Mayen Cease 8 Co eivanah us subsdianes in:00nd. inclUdeng JPMCB end JPMSI 
Page 14 of 14 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00037956 
SDNY_GM_00307154 
EFTA01512110
