---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01508521_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01508521.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 809
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:47.986570
---

JPMorgan 0 
Private Bank 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
Account Number 
May 01, 2007 - May 31, 2007 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service specialist it you Mink yeur StataMent It Meaner a, you require addiTIOnal information about. transecdon on your statement. 
JPSID is a mambo, of Na Seciartes 'overact Protection execration rsipo • noltprailf membership comorabco funded by troliandeakers regekved with the Seca dos and ExchargeCommusion Societies and ash bMf fa a custom' at !PUS ens picketed by 
SIPC up to S500.000 poi custom,. which iraudee up to 5100000 oft:caeca:vs la cash SIPC does not protect veva losses boei libauebona Al the rebootthe securities Assets herb' n cualcdy by 'Maw Chase Bank NA (the ganklare not siAyect k WPC. 
You rnsy obtain Somata, *bout &PC. including the &PC Greenlee on bee mobs* arwww sec ag-a Dy contacting them • t MD371.8300 
J P Mogen Secureves In:.. JPAbgen Came Bank NA. a Mee Writes (the Wagon Convenes, may good, adminattebre.CustOdial. SeMe. dmldWcn a shWehOlcla waited.) JPMorgan Funds, AnenCanCenloyFunds. a funds feleteshed. Veneered. &Need Cr 
renegedby third pates and the Mogan Compress may be ccerpmated fa such proses 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR JAWS! MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Meese review your account statement and promptly report any Inaccuracy or OISCMpanCy InCludmg possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, and unaccounted casts positrons in writing. 
Any oral 
communication should be re-confirmed in waling 
Au Cher protect your rights, including your rights under the Secunties Investor Protection Act (SIPA). If you have any questions, please contact your JPMSI Account Reemergence 
a JPIASJ Compliance DepeMnitnt at (2/2) 182-2323. 
Pease keep pa fditmona in mod when Wm, toes statement to Mick sae JPMSI tvoimageachioy This stawneei comemes yew general moron amount wee me speoal eneeenneken aceoete mound by Sector 220 6 Requaroni As on used by Regulation T a 
permenerVecced al 'ow seperefeeccount ks rimeattimon pox request 
Important Information about Pricing and Valuations. 
Roes sat. of which are provided by along **noes a othe sources eolith we deennehable. re not guaranteed to *away a as reeked* velvet 
Free credit balances.,  you account wend segregated and may De used in the cow aeon of IMASts business. subsea., the OnatiMOM CI SEC Rultrlac3,1 Vane areeerserostoreect .WNW a 45 *gents end depositories wt had mur secuntes Upon WV &Mend 
JPMSI wit pay to you the amount area exceed} balance and wel &Mc ebpsti fulpprod secontios hold an yes behalf 
Intarettme be ChargedOn any dead balance the melhod OiCatutatIngottveStiS described on a tenet sent to at rrwginctutonws. 
Youshoot; have recereedsepar aSelPMSt coat nations tr  each %C400.3 ten social AN finsectrona ate subject lo the tennS and Cairene elated On the ntreaMeeldeOf lath COntionatOna end we abbleCt 10 the oonsbMon. by-lewS. Custom and WitreretabOn3CI the 
math:dyke., ?Mee o waitedand governed by and cense Led in taxi:Mance wvm the laws or Me Sate of New Yak and at applicabieladerallews and regulations Further 'Mambo° wen respect., comendscru and other charges related to the execute:oaf &insectaria 
%%Acton options franSaCtionS. has been ;tido:fed m confernabons Mel were prerouPyfu 'imbed to you Upon eaten request 'PM& wotpmrpfly supply you we, Ilse latest such information 
if a pa elale made with reaped to an issue &secure/cm/Deed in your Margo Account we nel diccatethe cal by a method we dean for end equitable 
Mu must prong* *dose ..PMSl of matermichanges in yaw investment object/Jos a finance, situation Unless you inktm JAMS/ °therms°. JPMSI loll consider the informaboncurrenhym its hoes to be oareskee and scants 
JPMSI is not a bank and m a Sean* legal only tom its bank a tan athletes. meaning JPMC8 The eaunlieS soil offered a ;anonym...Wed by.,IPMSI 
(I) Are not insured by the Federal Depose Ma erre Carpi:tenon a any sena goeernmenal agency 
(2) Are not deposes a Other CtegationS Of JPMSla bank a tart elMeSes (unless otherwise indcated). end we nut gm embed by a be responetietty Of My such afineted(unless explay lead OPlentewl). and 
(3) Imam imestment risks incite's" possible lass ad* ermcmal "nested 
JPAISIs banking aiNoles may be *MPS b sass d .Ma 'Set that JPMSI undone+ Ss 
shch case emcee:Is a alevingS under...Tam by JPMSI my be used a the repaynwit or such loans and )oo shout, refer., In. day-bate. 4,CumentS relating,' penal* 
securities la discussion of any such lending relationships The FederaiReaer meowed that JPMS obtan sour cement Mace can obtan caftan informabon from its bank a NR *bream inctucing now cede eeakeaboncl mu 1* will assume mat raw connnumg to 
tensed business war JPMSl wrt constitute yam:assent 10 Me sharing of such .nkarellcoDyJPMSI and as blink a Linn elheateato the extent pet meted b y law 
JPMorgan Awe* Bank is the marketing nerd for the pirate berthing Deanna Con:gutted sty J P Mayen Cease S Co through na subsdemes scolded. inclUdeng JPMCB and JPMSI 
Page 18 of 18 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00033813 
SDNY_GM_00303011 
EFTA01508521
