---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01508507_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01508507.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 795
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:47.961561
---

JPMorgan 0 
Private Bank 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
Account Number 
April 01. 2007 - April 30, 2007 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service specialist it you mink yOur MateMent It Metered a, you require addiTIOnal information about ti transeceon on your statement. 
JPMSI is a mambo, of the Saco/Ass Ionised Protection Capered:in rsipo • noltprailf membership ccrporabco funded by brohar-deaters regisleed with the Seca✓otos and ExchargeCommos,on Secaties and ash bMf fa a custom' at !PIM we piatacted by 
SIPC up to $500.000 pa* custom,. winch includes up to 5100000 o (Matto fa cash SIPC does not protect board losses tom ilboluebone Al the valued the sect/ass Assets had in custody by 'Mogan Chase Bank NA Rho *Booklet. not siAyect I I o WPC 
You nay obtain otooneton•boul &PC. including the &PCBrocade on brae mobs* I 'Mew sec cog' cv Dy contacting item ••(260371.8300 
J P Mogen Seamiest% . JPMagenCheseEtenk NA. 
Mee atMetes (the Wgen Companetilmay monde edinnatetive.CustOdial. SeM. ehOsbubOn a shirehOklaserviCestOJPMCrgan Funds. AncloCanCenneyFunds. a funds felateshed. Veneered. &Need a 
renegedby third pates and the Magian Compenes may be ccerphysated kw such snows 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR JPMSI MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Meese review yaw &Cadent statement and promptly report any inaccuracy or dISCMpanCy InCluang possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, and unaccounted casts positrons In wnting. 
Any oral 
communication should be reconfirmed in writing to further protect your rights, including your rights under the Secunties Investor Protection Act (SIPA). If you have any questions, please contact your JPMSI Account Reemergence 
a JPMSJ Compliance O•panznitrit SI (2/2) 182-2323. 
Pease /sop the fal1,1100 in mud when Wm, toes Statement In frock sou JPMSI broherale et-Noy Tau staMmen2 earbtneS yew general nor amount nth the SpeCbil enelmnneken account moored by Sector 220 6 Reatationi As mused by Regulator) I a 
permanent record d sour seperebeeccount is rameabbinyon your request 
Important Information about Pricing and Valuations. 
Roes sate d bulbah are provided by along **noes a OM. 3040003 arch we doom mAable re not guaranteed to accuracy a as reeked* ve.kieS 
Free cede boances in your account rend segregated and mey De used to the combo,' Of IPSISis business. subset-lb the MatiabOnS CI SEC Rultrlac3,1 Unless Othereee in
 .ANSI a 45 pant, end depositories we had MA secuntes Upon 
demand 
JPMSI wit pay to you the amount dyad treeoedtbalance and wd dearerllaw fogy-paid mantel held on your behalf 
Intent me be Charged On any debt balance the inethOd OiCatutatIndottveStiS described oaten. sent to at imago aistomms. 
You shout, have recereedsepa rege.IPMSI coat manors Icr each %C400.3 ten social AN bans tens wesubesa to tae tern and COMMOYM Slated On the ntreleSeeldeCISuCh COnhonatOns end we abblea 10 the cOnsteutiOn. by-leveS. Custom and inetrpretatOnad the 
maletplace ohm executed and govamed by and construed maxadenceiwth the laws or the Stele of New Yak end at applocablehderallews end regulations Furth, intarnaton wen respect to ccurenosscos and other charges related to the aztaatisnai &insectaria 
inCbana OpbOns tanSaCtianS. has been induled m confernabons met were preyousiyhenahed to you Upon eaten request JPMSI via peampfly supplyyou well the latest such information 
if a parte, 
made with reaped to an issue al secabes =Wed in your Margo Account we me diccatethe cal by a method we deer n fer end °quotable 
You must prong* *dm* -PM& of matenaichanges in your investment object/ma a loaners'situation Unless you inktm JAMS/ °therms°. JP...Gime conadar the ..emotion currentlyo es files to be complete and mange 
JPMSI is not a bank en 1 a a senate PO entity tan its bank a 
atrustes. ocitrdng JPIAC8 The satins soil offered ce reconvrended 
(I) Are not insured by the Federal Depose Murex, Corporation a any other goeemmental agency 
(2) Are net deposes a other CtegatOnS Of JPMSIS bank a thin ellesSes (unless otherwee iodated/ end are not wombed by a me responSiehty d any such taTineteNunless eV/eft stall OPtenve0). and 
(3) Irnothro "vestment risks. motoring possible toss dam procesal nwestcd 
.IFIOSIS banking MMeles may be lean o sass d.MAMAes Med Set& ondermaes 
**eh case proceeds or Onenngs underwritten by JPMSI miry be used k' t the repaynwe or such loans sib )co should refer to in. docket:re documents telatangio pirtoular 
securities la discussion of any such lending relationships The FederalReaerverequees Tat JPMS °Man sour cement babret can obte,n caftan oformebon from its bank a Nn abrades oducing hew arca ealveboncl )ou 
ma assume bat raw connnumg to 
treosect busmen weft JPMSI wrgoersNute your Comae 10 Me sharing of such tnernettcoDyJPMSteal its Dinka Mal elneatea to the extent petnieted b y low 
JP%forgen Ftnele Bank d the marketing nano lot the coyote bating Deanna conducted yJ P Mogan ChM. 8 Co through td subsdevres scolded. inalgteng JPMCB and JPMSI 
Page 19 of 19 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00033793 
SDNY_GM_00302991 
EFTA01508507
