---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01759812_20260130_p002_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01759812.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 574
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:56.568557
---

company to deal with your representatives and see what they can all decide to do. Or you and I can sit one last time, you 
can tell me what you'd like me to do, I can try to do it and if you're still not satisfied you can sue us. But the next move is 
yours. 
Xoxo 
ALF 
From: Jeffrey Epstein (mailto:jeevacation@gmail.comj 
Sent: Friday, April 26, 2013 12:24 PM 
To: Farkas, Andrew L. 
Subject: 
You and i enjoy a special relationship that i cherish, and we both appreciate full disclosure, for good or bad, I recieivd 
this today from my in house guy and thought i should pass it along. 
chttps://mail.google.com/mail/u/O/images/cleardot.gif> 
Jeffrey, 
I have been reviewing the AYH investment as you asked. I have spoken on numerous occasions to both Tom and 
Frank. Tom has been very open and attempts to be helpful. Frank, less so , and he keeps asking why do you want to 
know? Unfortunately I am still missing documents to give you firm and clear answers. Frank, tells me they don't have 
the answers as the auditors prepared the audited financial statements. This seems odd to say the least as AYH had to 
give the auditors work-papers to prepare financials. On January 23, 2007 a finders fee in the amount of 253,125 was 
paid to Island Capital. (frank said that was Andrew entity?) Did you have any other agreement with him that I am 
unaware of? There is another 247,000 on IGY Ltd and Subsidiaries audited financial statements as a gain on sale of your 
50% interest? In 2007, 743,071 was paid as interest expense to an affiliate. I believe that this was a pass thru of 
interest expense with no markup per a line of credit IGY Ltd had with Banco Popular. My understanding is that this was 
line of credit costs for the period January 18, 2007 thru May 31 2007 when you were not a partner. Yet the May 31, 
2007 income statement shows that only 412,125 was paid thru May 31, 2007. Not sure why you were responsible for 
330,945 (743,071 less 412,125) of interest expense from January - May 2007 when you did not receive any of the 
income during that same period. Unfortunately I have no further info on it. 
To summarize, though all our records indicate that you and Andrew agreed on a 50 / 50 deal, it is possible that he 
never told that to his people. If it were a true 50 / 50 deal then IGY would not have taken out all their equity of 
approximately 5,000,000 and you only 250,000. There also would have been no finders fee, gain on sale of your interest 
and questionable leasing commissions on tenants whose credit worthiness was only approved by the same people 
making the lease We have never been in this position and I know that Andrew is your trustee. In answer to your 
question what is there to be done going forward I would suggest that they return your equity and lets call it a day. The 
more I inquire about the fact patterns surrounding your investment the more unhappy it makes me. Alternatively, 
maybe negotiating with Banco Popular to write down its loan by approximately 5-8 million may allow IGY to recover and 
recapitalize. 
chttps://mail.google.com/mail/u/O/images/cleardot.gif> 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
2 
EFTA_R1_00063790 
EFTA01759813
