---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01508609_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01508609.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 813
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:48.073076
---

JPMorgan 0 
Private Bank 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
Account Numbers 
August 01, 2007 - August 31, 2007 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service specialist it you Mink yOur Statement It MoOrreet a, you require eeldigOnal information about. transecbon on your statement. 
JAM is a mambo, of Na Securetas Investor Protection execration rsipo • noltprailf membersiimcomorabco funded by traterdeeters repokired waft the Seca ;too and ExchargeCommus.on Secaties and ash bet fa a anions( at JPMSI en pialacied by 
SIPC up to S500.000 pa customer. which includes up to 5100000 o t protection for cash SIPC does not protect team! kat* boni ilboluebone Al the valued the sect/ass Assets heti or custody by 'Maw Chase Bank NA (the ganklare not pAyect b WPC 
You trey °bean ntorrneton•boul &PC. including the SIPC Greenlee on lbw mobs* • trwww ape ay' 
Dy coaxing Mame MD371.8300 
J P Magtn Seamiest% . JPASagen Come Sank NA. a Met atlAstes (the Wagon Convenes, rney pond, eclinnattabre.CuStOdal. Wm. OS ibubOn a shaehOklaserviCestOJPMagan Funds, Anenam Century Funds. a funds eatateshedepOnSOred. &Need a 
renegedby acrd pates and the Mogan Compress may be ccerphysated for such scroces 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR JPMSI MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Meese MM., yaw aCCOUN statement and promptly report any Inaccuracy or discrepancy Including possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, and unaccounted casts positions in writing. 
Any oral 
communication should be necontrmed in writing to Anther protect your rights, including your rights under the Secunoes Investor Protection Act (SIPA). If you have any questions, please contact your JPMSI Account Representative 
a JPIASJ COMMOInCe Depanznitrit al (2/2) 182-2323. 
Pease /sop tan 1O1 1Yong in mad when lain, toes statement to ban sou JPMSI tvoirwegoacouh, This stamper COntmeS yew general roar amount nth the SpeCoal entirefanduen account remixed by Sutton 220 6 Reatationi As moused by Regulation T a 
permanent record a yap septrebeaccount is rayaSabbupon your request 
Important Information about Pricing and Valuations. 
Roes sone of whcrt are provided by along **mom ce 00,0' 3040003 WIWI we them 'Meer.. re not guaranteed for *courts-5 r a as Mated* sierras 
Free erode harms in you account rend segregated and may De used to the neuron Of JPUSIs business. subset-lb the SmatibOnS CI SEC Rule 15c3,1 Unless Othereee mead JAWS a is *gents and depositors's, we hob your secuntes Upon WV demand 
JPMSI mil pay to you the amount a r yoa beecredtbalance and wel dabs So pct. • !tray-pad mantas held an yaw behalf 
Inaretteet be Charged On any dead balance the inethOd 01 Cet uMMg infant n described wisteria. sent to at enamel antomers. 
You/nova have recereedsepar aSe.IPMSt coat means tr  each %C400.3 Wan social AN OBASOCtenS ate su&ect to the tome and Calthtime aged On the ntreleSeeldeOISuCh COntronstOns and we &AOC( 10 the cOnsteutiOn. by-lewd. CuStOnle and MetrpretifeasSCI the 
maletploos oboe et waitedand goarnad by and mists Lad maxcrdanceiwth the laws or Me State of New Yak end at applocabletederallows end reguletions Furth, intarnaton win respect to ccurenoscos and other charges related to the execute:no/ DansMira 
inticleN0p6Ons tanSaOtcnS. has been induled n confernabonsthel were preyouPylu molted to you Upon eaten request 'MASI wotpeaply supplyyou wall the latest such information 
a pato,cMo made with respect to an issue ot secabes =Wed in )w Margo Account we me cdtmetethe cal by a method we deer n fer end °quotable 
You must prong* *dose JPMSI of matenalchanges in your investment objectives a finance, 'situation Unless you nkrm JAMS/ Whams°. JP...Gime sumac Me informal= currentlyin da Ales to be oorreskste and motels 
JPMSI is not a bank and a MOWS PO entry ban es bank a twet enacts. nolidng JPMCS The SeCtinlieS soil offered a recamwnd.dyJPMSI-
(I) Are nal insured by the Federal Depose lostattre Corm/aeon a any °Ma goeernmental agency 
(2) Are not deposes a other MagetrOnS Of JPMSIS bank a thin Mee** (unless otherwise indcated). end are not gm embed by a the resporWitrafy d any such lefitieMd(unless eV/eft stall affienete). and 
(3) Imam imestment rake motels" possible ass el r the pence:sal emystad 
JPAISIs banking alleles may be *nail b sass d SeCunteS that Set& ondermaes n which cam proceeds of OnevingS underennen by JPMSI They be used la the repaynwe or such loans and )cu shout, refer,* the diSCIaSunIrd,CurnentS teletarig b PabCtilile 
securities la docussion of any such lending relationships The FederetiReservereqwes Mat JPMS obtan your cement brace can °bran caftan informabon Worn its bank a Nn affiliates octane Mat aces! ealveboncl )ou 11,t and assume mat wit connnumg to 
Parisact business win JPMSI wit consblute yam:assent10 the /heap of such tnernettcoDyJPMSteal its bank a dal elntatealo the Mime pet meted t r y law 
JPMorgan Awe* Bank ss the marketing nerd din the polite benitung &Won, conducted by J P Mayen Geese 8 Co ehm.qh as subsdemes saldiode. nclUdeng JPMCB end JPMSI 
Page 17 of 17 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00033927 
SDNY_GM_00303125 
EFTA01508609
