---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01512207_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01512207.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 794
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:48.351626
---

JPMorgan 0 
Private Bank 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
Account Number 
September 01. 2007 - September 30, 2007 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service specialist If you think yell SUMMON It McOsrect or you require eddiTIOnal inkrmadOn about. transecbon on your statement. 
JPMSI is a mambo, of the SocuirtosInveaceProtecnon execration (51PC*) • flea:nen:6f manhandles corportabco funded by troltendeaters repolered rah Me Seca itos and ExchargeCommus,on Secaties and ash Mt ke a aslant at !PIM repatecled by 
SIPC up to $500.000 pa custom,. wach irokoles up b 5100000 o (Motion la cash WCdoes not protect teensl losses boni liteclueboto Al the reboot the statutes Assets heW in custody by 'Pilaw Chase Bank NA (the ganklare red siApact to WPC 
You my oaten Somata, *bout &PC. naafi% the SIPC Greenlee on brae **AM • t*Www sec erg' a Dy contacting Mem • t (202) 371.3710. 
JP Ma gen Securevesac JPMorgan Caste Sank NA. a Mee sleek, (the Wgen Convenes, may pond, ednanottetire.CuStaltat sell. asetbubOn a shWehOklerserviCeet0JPMagen Funds, AnwinamCenhayFunds. a funds taleteshed. SpOnSOred. &Need a 
mannedby Med pates and the Mogan Compsrot may to ecerphysatod fa such scroces 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR JPMSI MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Pleat, review your accowx statement and promptly report any Inaccuracy or dISCMpanCy including possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, and unaccounted cash posmons in writing. 
Any oral 
communication should be reconamed in waling to Anther protect your rights, including your rights under the Secunties Investor Protection Act (SIPA). II you have any questions, please contact your JPMSI Account Reemergence 
a JPMSJ COMMOnee Depenznitnt if (2/2) *3-2323. 
Reese keep the fal1,1100 in mod when Wm, toes Statement to aka you JPMSI &arena?* anuty TALS siewnea coot nes yew general moron *Cava nth the spec al man:and um aeoute teptoe0 by Sefton 220 6 RectoaDoni 
As rep used by Regulation T a 
permanent record a 'our seperebeaccount is avanabbupon your request 
Important Intormabon about Pricing and Valuations. 
Roes sone of when are provided by along maces a other sources wean we deem raeble tee not guaranteed to OCCia•Cy er as reatade ve.kieS 
Free ae0l betances in your account wend segregaed and mey De use in the nowaeonof JPUSls business. subset 10 the Onatt*One CI SEC Rule 15013 Unless Ofeeneee mead 
.ANSI a ib *gents end depOsdorres we had your mantel Upon Wu' &Mend 
JPMSI wet pay to you the amount dyat treocrodtbalence 
ma deanybyouludy-paidsoctintsts held on your behalf 
Inteellme be Charged On any and balance the inethOd 01 Catutabn ineweStiS antral on a tenet Sent to at rrwanantomers. 
You shoetl have recereedsepengeJPMSl °Wemations la ersCh MC400.3frensachan AN tansectoos we subesa to tee tennS end Catalan Meted on Me nfreeneeldeOISuCh COntronstrOns end re subplot 10 the cOnsteutiOn. by-leva Custom end inkrpretiftOnSCI the 
maletplacor whore moaned and gartered by and construed in exadenco w01 the laws or the See. of New Yak end at applocabieladerallews end regulations Further 'Mambo° wen roma., ccurerasacos and other charges related to the oxtail:nal fransachas 
%%Acton OpbOns tanSeObaS. has been inckde0 m confernsbonsthel were prevouslyfu mated lo you Upon eaten request JPMSI wet pecmpfly supplyyou we, the latest such information 
if a panacea's made wen reaped to an issue a secunbes =Wed 
WAS Margo Account we eel diccatelhe cat by a method we deer n far sal °quotable 
You must prong* *dm* JPMSl of matenalchanges in your investmentobjectivesa finance, 'situation Unless you inktm JAMS/ °Owens* JPMSI wW consider the informs:ton currontlyin es Ales to be oomptele and wattle 
JPMSI d nail bank en 1  a a septa* legal entity bands bank a We entrees. narcing JPMCS The eatinlieS son. offered a reconvnwgled by.1PMSI 
(I) Are not insured by the Federal Depose Insurance Coperetron a any other graernmenal agency 
(2) Are net deposes a Other CtagetOnS CI JPMSla bank a (hrrt enaetes fulness otherwise iodated). end are nut goautotee0 by a therespasetraty d any such tiMagteNunless eV/eft Stall OMenve0). and 
(I) In
 map:Omani rake inducing posit* loss arta prmaial imatad 
JPSISIs banking eIN.eles may be teats b Mon Of SeCutita that JPMSI ondermaes 
shah case proceeds d anevingS undereonen by JPMSI ow be used a the repaynwe or such loans and )err shout, refer,* the darJauce &anent., teletang 
accords,: la discussion deny such lending relationships The FederalReser mason that JPMS obtain your consent Mace can °bran caftan nformebon born es bank a dal affiliates octaing thew aces! cake:ono/ )ou 1* will assume that your =Ammo to 
transact business war JPMSl wig conebtute your Consent 10 the shaeng of sae .nranielto n by JPMSI end its Dinka Mon elneates. to the extent pomaded 
 
yew 
JP•Morgen Rae* Bank se me marketing none for the poet baling boson, conducted tyJPAlotgenCIPSe S CO dragll¢s subsdares 
nandeng JPMCB end JP44.51 
Page 14 of 14 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00038054 
SDNY_GM_00307252 
EFTA01512207
