---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01508536_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01508536.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 804
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:48.012566
---

JPMorgan 0 
Private Bank 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
Account Number 
May 01, 2007 - May 31, 2007 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service specialist it you mink yell Statement N Metered a, you require ImIdiTIOnal information about. transecdon on your statement. 
JPMSI is a mambo, of the Securities loomed Protechon Caperation rsipo• noltprailf membership ccrporabco funded by trolieodeaters registered with the Seco✓rens and ExcharyeCommession Societies and ash heti ice a custom' at JPMSI we picketed by 
SIPC up to S500.000 pee costornet. who, Orkelee up to 5100000 otbedecticn la cosh SIPC does not protect vend losses boni libeasebona Al the valued the stooges Assets herb' n cualcdy by 'Maw Chase Bank NA (the ganklare not sedyect t WPC 
You my obtain Spengler:Mout &PC. ability the &PCBrocade on bee mobs* arwww ago dig- cv Dy contacting Mere *(201)371.8300. 
J P Mogen Sea/Oro Inc JPMogen Case Bank NA. 
Mee ettAatem (the Woven Convenes, my monde adminetative.tustOdial. Wes ebseibubOn a shWehOkkvseiviCeet0JPMCrgan Funds, AnwinCanCentuyFunds. a funds edeteeshed. Veneered. &Need Cr 
renegedby third pates and the Mogan Compress may be cern:744*d for such soyoes 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR JPMSI MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Meese review yaw Kean), statement and promptly report any Inaccuracy or discrepancy InCluang possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, and unaccounted cash positrons in writing. 
Any oral 
communication should be re-confirmed in writing to further protect your rights, including your rights under the Secunties Investor Protection Act (SIPA). If you have any questions, please contact your JPMSI Account Representanve 
a JPMSJ Compliance O•panznitnt SI (2/2) 183-2323. 
Pease keep Ilse fal1,1100 in mad when Wm, this Statement le ha )0a JPMSI &awe?. achh,,ty Tau staMmen2 earbtneS yew general moron amount wth the SpeCbil enelmnneken act-oom moored by Sector 220 6 Rectoaroni As rec used by Peyote:onto 
permanent recced of sour seperekoccoure is evailabeimon your mooed 
Important Information about Pricing and Valuations. 
Ras some ce which we provided by pone **noes ce OM. 3040003 VAC!, we deem ratable re not guaranteed to mcurecy a as reeked* ve.kieS 
Free credit balances in your account wend segregated and may De used in the cowaeon Of JPIASIs business. subsea., the MatiabOn$ Of SEC Rule 15c3,1 Unless areeerserostoreed .ANSI a 45 agents end depositories we WV your mount.,. Upon 
demand 
JPMSI wit pay to you the amount dyad beeoedtbalance and wel dearrloy u fogy-paid seambes held on your behalf 
Interettme be ChargedOn any dead balance the inethOd OiCatutatIngottveStiS described n a Wet sent to of rnayinctulomers. 
Youshoot; have recturedsepar Ple.IPMSt cot* motions for each MC400.3 ten sachan AN ansearcnS 
subosa to the Mona and COMMYM Slated On the ntrettleSIOSOISuith COntionatOna end we Sepia 10 the cOnsteutiOn. by-MwS. Custom and WitrpretiftiOnad the 
maletplaaerMavemocatedand gasnad by and cense Led in axcerlanceiwth the laws of the State of New Yak and at applocabbladerallaws and muesli:as Further intarraton we: respect., corrynescers and other charges related to the azaaatisn at fransachans 
inCbana OpbOns franSaCtianS. has been ;tido:fed m confernsbons Vol were preyousiyheneled to you Upon written request JPMSI wit I pimply supplyyou we, the Seat such information 
If a prtelrnlu made with reaped to an issue ce securees =Wed in your Maw Account we wan rdiccatelhe col by a method we deem far and equtabe 
You must prong* *dose JPMSI ol matanalchanges in your investment object/Jos a finance, :situation Unless you inktm JAMS/ Whams°. JP...Gime conader the iniormabon currentlyin its Mos to be oorresktle and :onsets 
JPMSI is not a bank erg I a a Sean* legal entity tom its bank a tell athletes. inctirdng JPMCB The .teCunlieS soil offered a reconvnended by.,IPMSO 
(I) Are not insured by the Federal Depose Insurance Corporation a any aMer goeemmental agency 
(2) Are net deposes a other otagetiona Of JPMSIS bank a thin elte,eSee (unless otherwee ex/rated/ end are not Qua utnteed by a the tesponet.fity of any such taTitiated(unless explay lead otherwise). and 
(3) Irriothro moss:men: risks inducing possible toss d the prmcoal retested 
JPMSIs banking eINoles may be konclata to saves d SeCunteS than JPMSI onderreees 
which case proceeds Ce dlevingS underonnen by JPMSI ow be used I o t the repaynwit or such loans and )oo should mien, MO day-bac/re fl
umentS relating b par Mule* 
securities b discussion of any such lending relationships The FederatReaerverequma that JPMS obtam your cement teepee can °bran caftan informebon born its bank a MR a:TS:des indexing then occie twelve:once )ou 1* me assume bat raw connnumg k 
tensed &Apneas weft JPMSI we I constitute your Commit 10 Me Awing of such .rearrellcoDyJPMSI and as blink a Mal Wheat to the extent p.m,* I try hew 
JPMorgan Awe* Bank is Me marketing nen* be the aware berthing Deanna Con:gutted yJ P Mayen Cease S Co elecuah ¢a subsdoom scoldn de. oclUdeng JPMCB and JPMSI 
Page 18 of 18 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00033833 
SDNY GM_00303031 
EFTA01508536
