---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01655916_20260130_p003_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01655916.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 794
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:51.317493
---

IN THE NEWS 
Jury Is Chosen in Hunter Biden's Federal Firearms Case and Opening Statements Are Set for Tuesday 
The Associated Press (06/03, Lauer, Kunzelman, et al.) and Reuters (06/03, Hals) reported that a jury was seated 
Monday in the federal gun case against President Joe Biden's son Hunter after prospective panelists were 
questioned about their thoughts on gun rights and drug addiction while the first lady watched from the front row 
of the courtroom. According to the articles, opening statements were set to begin Tuesday after the jurors — six 
men and six women plus four women serving as alternates — were instructed by Judge Maryellen Noreika not to 
talk or read about the case. The articles explained that Biden is charged with three felonies stemming from a 2018 
firearm purchase. He has been accused of lying to a federally licensed gun dealer, making a false claim on the 
application by saying he was not a drug user and illegally having the gun for 11 days. The articles added that the 
case is going to trial following the collapse of a plea deal that would have avoided the spectacle of a trial so close to 
the 2024 election. Hunter Biden has pleaded not guilty and has argued he's being unfairly targeted by the Justice 
Department after Republicans decried the now-defunct plea deal as special treatment for the Democratic 
president's son. Axios (06/03, Habeshian) noted that the first witness for the prosecution will be a special agent 
from the FBI who worked on Biden's case. Additional reporting on the story was provided by BBC (06/03, 
Debusmann Jr.), NBC News (06/03, Grumbach, Fitzpatrick, et al.), New York Times (06/03, Thrush, Sullivan), Al 
Jazeera (06/03, Staff Writer), Washington Post (06/03, Staff Writer), U.S. News (06/03, Mathur-Ashton), CNN 
(06/03, Cohen, Lybrand), Politico (06/03, Swan, Schreckinger), USA Today (06/03, Wilson, Ramaswamy, et al.), CBS 
News (06/03, Brown, MacFarlane), Fox News (06/03, Hagstrom, Miller, etc.), Wall Street Journal (06/03, Barber, 
Linskey), Time (06/03, Bennett, Popli), Washington Examiner (06/03, Oliver), Forbes (06/03, Dorn), and ABC News 
(06/03, Bruggeman, Rubin, et al.). 
Fauci Testifies About COVID Pandemic Response at Heated House Hearing 
The Associated Press (06/03, Neergaard) and the Wall Street Journal (06/03, McKay) reported that Dr. Anthony 
Fauci, the former top U.S. infectious disease expert who departed from government service in 2022, appeared 
before Congress on Monday to address claims made by Republican representatives regarding the alleged 
concealment of COVID-19 pandemic origins. According to the information, Fauci strongly refuted the allegations as 
"simply preposterous." He also refuted conducting government business via private email, although he did 
acknowledge the misconduct of his senior adviser, Dr. David Morens. Moreover, during his testimony before the 
House's Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Pandemic, Fauci expressed receptiveness to the origins of the 
virus, emphasizing that viruses used in NIH-funded research in China were sufficiently distinct from the pandemic 
virus, SARS-CoV-2, precluding-the-possibility-of-evolution. Fauci clarified that he did not endeavor to suppress or 
discourage investigation into the pandemic virus's potential laboratory origin, nor did he make any editorial 
interventions in a paper advocating the virus's natural, rather than laboratory, origins. Despite having previously 
testified behind closed doors for 14 hours over two days in January, Fauci voluntarily provided public, on-camera 
testimony during a session that quickly devolved into partisan critiques. The story was also reported on by ABC 
News (06/03, Parkinson, Haslett), Washington Examiner (06/03, Willis), Axios (06/03, Rubin), CBS News (06/03, 
Hubbard, Tin), Fox News (06/03, Wallace), CNN (06/03, Christensen, Hammond, Radford, et al.), NBC News (06/03, 
Bendix, Vitali, Zadrozny), the New York Times (06/03, Mueller, Stolberg), Washington Times (06/03, Dinan), Politico 
(06/03, Paun), Reuters (06/03, Aboulenein), and the Washington Post (06/03, Diamond). 
Biden to Issue Executive Order on Southern Border, Limiting Asylum 
The Associated Press (06/03, Kim, Groves, Long) and the Wall Street Journal (06/03, Hackman, Parti) reported that 
President Biden is expected to sign an executive order on Tuesday to prevent individuals who unlawfully cross the 
southern border from seeking asylum once the average daily encounters reach 2,500 between entry points. The 
border will only reopen for asylum claims once the daily number of encounters drops to 1,500. The articles 
explained that the action is designed to address voter dissatisfaction with immigration management before the 
presidential election. The articles added that President Biden has resolved to proceed with the order despite 
receiving counsel from legal and operational advisors who think a legal challenge is likely. The articles also noted 
that substantial financial support will be required from Congress for full implementation. Biden is expected to 
unveil the actions at the White House on Tuesday at an event to which border mayors have been invited. The story 
was also reported on by ABC News (06/03, Scott, Barr), Axios (06/03, Kight, Nichols), BBC (06/03, Debusmann), 
EFTA01655918
