---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01387053_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01387053.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 530
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:26.150106
---

A — Please provide a recent document that will serve as address proof. The IRS document is from September. 2016. — Could you 
provide latest (July 18) bank statement for this entity? This should resolve this request. 
B — Nature of Business: What do they do with the artwork? Do they purchase it and re-sell it? Does the tout only hold artwork as 
assets? — As per constitutional docs, the purpose of Prytance LLC is for engaging in the acquisition, ownership & management of 
artwork for investment purposes. I had already updated this but it seems they want mom info on re-selling part. Could you advise on 
this please? 
C — Please check to see if there is a memo that was accompanied by Chip Packard's approval. If there is none. I recommend 
"refreshing" the approval with current senior management. The current e-mail approval does not address what exactly is being 
discussed and approved. — Kindly provide this please. 
D — The address of employer for Caroline is missing. In addition, please include how long she has been with that company etc. — For 
Caroline. I have now updated Sotheby's Switzerland address & already updated that she was appointed there in 2012. Please advise if 
you have any additional points to add? 
E - The "How Was the Client(s) Introduced? How long has the RN1 personally known the clienfr field talks about Zorro 
Management. Please amend. - Updated as appropriate. 
F - New fields were added as part of Dbforce change last weekend. Please ensure those fields are filled out. — Please advise on the 
following additional points for this case. as appropriate: 
Sordol we isms 
Oen IN *mist Mn  Novo lo110,sACoAres 
ken roolOsOson boort let In • sY: Writing Canary wnt 
lOrtt 
WNMtl xanlreing Warn tolia muss 
.& 'Ss moo *Nei Staled iStestIC iavolUitleCCIISSO 
1 look forward to your response at the earliest in resolving these rejections, thanks. 
Kind Regards, 
Vijay Sawant 
KYC Case Representative 
Deutsche CIB Centre Private Limited Deutsche Bank Group 
Wealth Management 
BI, DB Centre Mumbai, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Western Express Highway 
East. Mumbai - 400063 India 
Allot iscao soontesunssiet wit** 
L 
wy akar 
tessolf t s gratis) 7 
Saws toolesnutp,
From: Vijay-A Sawant 
Sent: Monday. July 23, 2018 12:22 PM 
To: Bradley Gitlin 
Cc: Stewart Oldfielall 
Subject: RE: Assistance Required in solving rejection points on KYC Case#019,16825 III 
Importance: High 
Good Morning Brad/Stewart. 
A kind reminder of the below rejected case & an update as well. 
Please note that as per latest update on CDD form delivery options (refer attached email from AML), we are able to verify signatures 
of authorized individual from signature card. corporate resolution. etc. I am able to verify Mr Epstein's signature with 2017 Corp 
Resolution found in the repositories in this case. This resolves one of the rejection points below for us J 
So just summarizing the only pending item for this case now — 
• 
COGS for Ptytance. LLC. (We would require the client to send latest COGS, dated within the last 6 months) 
Let me know if you have any queries. thanks. 
Kind Regards. 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0089101 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY GM_00235285 
EFTA01387053
