---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01511581_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01511581.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 739
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:48.194590
---

06 2003 
Account Number 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
June 01, 2003 - June 30. 2003 
JPMorgan Chase Bank 
.345 Park As enue, New York, NY I0154-1002 
''JPMorgan 
Private Bank 
Asset Account Portfolio 
Page 8 of 
In Case Of Emirs or threatens About Your Electronic Transfers. 
Con:memo' Morgan Teem al ale of the **phone cumbers on the front& this statement or mee us • 500 Stembn Chrisktres Reed. //OAS, Newark DE 'P713-2107 as aeon as yew eon slime dine psur statement is wising a 
wu need mare ankemsienaboula Penske 
on the statement We must heN born par no lake than 60 days Mier we sent yew the FIRSTslament on whine the (Norm emblem spew's) (I)Tee tit you/ mowed SNOWS nuntMr (2)0**Cnb• ft / 
/ Cl 
ilinal)04i 
WW1's about YW expbmaa eleefor as 
you Can why you Moneyed 4 en pro a why you need mow redoriretron (NNW us Me dam amount of dre suspected /env If you eOnlaa us or
 you must send us 'our comps...el a punkin in Mesta *OM 10 butIMMS days In as 10 pree•NeyOu nights We 
investgale 'ore cOmpleM and will came I any erre' ;remedy it we take Ma* Men 10 0440•H 00y310 00 put (20days ke pendiSMit Wog yes debit Caller& iniernaben•MenaranN. we wet aeciesSur account AY M trinerunt you Mt it Menet. SO Mat year war have 
the use Of foamy dbrino Me one 4 tales W 110 COmpiete gin 0).30011On 
It, case a prom or questions about your statement. including your tine of credit. 
d you trill that wee statement a ♦caracta l you need moo **emotion about a fronsecion on your Statement mcMeng a An. of cm.O4 tensschtn you mug: wale bus on a mower* neat dosaatung ZIM rimy and and a kv.IFIlorpan 
Private Bank. 500 Slitnion Cie isMna Road VOPS3 Newark OE 19713.2107 We must Mar ban you no mite Mn 60 days alto the slal•mwe on whet Me emir a problem appeared marl You can consist your Mont sena speaks! but 
doing so war not proses* pen ogres 
In your IS. please prude the lcdovorip Monnaton ft) yOuf name and Want number. (2) the dollar amount d the soSpeCted ens and ( )• deniplegn Ce the eta end exp•Melsen d you an. why you Move Mere is en erre' If yOU need 
MeV infamsfron. you must describe ten dem you eve ono We *tout 
She JPelorpan Funds a The JAW:span tnatitutronal Funds or The American Century Funds 
P Morgan Funds POMO:I Inc 
cesSiterfor ot 
J P Morgan funds and AnssneenCenerylrreestrrore Sony:esInc a Me &seminar of the Amerman Conran/Funds JPAkrgen irnostnroMMar 
rent Mc and Arroncen emery Investment Management servo as 
.mastment admsca to Mar respoetne fund fame*: Shares d ten funds are not bank deposes and are not guaranteed by any bank gmernmontentekce the FOC Return end shames= wet Outlook, and redempbon value mey be nnre or loss than errata: 
Whee the 
money mar AM veils seek to mentor a stable net asset mama, S 10O mean theme no essivancetnat Prey nil conhoue to do so The *Olmsted annuebncome ad dmdendsed Notes for mutual funds represent the funds' most men( mom° dividend annualced 
If you have chosen one of Me sweep mutual funds. you me netted Mai oces:ns in Om Arms Money Market Sweep Fund represent bowing, neleJAMonjen Fen* Money Market Fund de f eCef n the Federal Money Martel Sweep Ford 
represent Inking, .n the JPMorpan Federal Money Market Fund and poetess an the Tax Exempt Money Market Sweep Fund reinsert holdings in Me JP1Aoman Tax Exenp Money Markel Fund 
JPMorgan Aria* Sena a the nwkeMg name for Me private banking business COndeCted by J P Mayan Chase it Ca through Ile eueekhadea waldwde. inefulang JAM OMan Chafe Bonk J.P. Magian Trust Company. NA. andJ P Mayan Seaters, Inc 
JP/ASt la a myrtle of Me SeCuntee Investor ProSsetron Ca mreton (SIPC). a not-to, proht enentesnoOOpOraten funded by frOloly.dealteregeleved nor ine Sew,oes and Exchans•Commusson VC protects seamiest and cash held to a CUSIOIYILY account at ADM& 
up ID Sb00.000. .h.cti includes opt, $100.000 d pice•cton watt The trainee( the account PrOe0C601/ wriCh 4 16,6,76010 S9 excess S/PC intrude] up ben addefnall900.000 d peofecton to cash and 1.49,300.000 /teenyOM CuStOtrer 
The extras SJFC 
Coverageis Ameed to en aggregated anrount Of 3250000000 by a funny tend Mimed by a relpr connate. ^summate-nee Assets held on custody by JPVC13 are not subset10 SMCCOverti(M 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00037410 
SDNY_GM_00306608 
EFTA01511581
