---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01508429_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01508429.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 802
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:47.911053
---

JPMorgan 0 
Private Bank 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
Account Number 
February 01. 2007 - February 28, 2007 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service medalist if you mink yOur Maternerg It Mr:0mM a, you require addiTIOnal inkrmadOn about a transecbon on your statement. 
JPMSI is a mamas of the Sacuntes Inman Protection Corporation rsipo • noltprailf membership comorabco funded by twoheramars repoleredwrth the Seca✓Mos and ExchargeCommus.on Secaties and ash nMf fa a custom' at !PUS en piataated by 
SIPC up to $500.000 pee customer. Much err-lodes up to 5100000 ofzeotecticn la cash SIPC does not protect teens) kat* boon liscluseons As the valet,' the secures, Assets lied in cuMcdy by 'Mow Chase Bank NA (the ganklarenof siMmot b SIPC. 
You my oaten nroonebon about &PC. madding in. &PC &Mho* on bee mobs* ••rwww spa erg' a by coaxing Mem ••(260371.8300 
J P Mogen Sec/treesas JPMCIdan Chest Bank NA. 
Mee °Metes One Wagon Companetil may monde ednimatebre. custodial. sego ebOsbubOn a shWehOkkirserviCestOJPMCrgan Funds. AnwinCen Century Funds. a hats Mlateshed. SpOnSOred. (u/s401 Cu 
renegedby third pates and the Mogan Compress may be ccermnsaled fa such tames 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR JPMSI MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Please review yaw &Cadent statement and promiody report any Inaccuracy or discrepancy Including possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, and unaccounted cash positions in writing. 
Any oral 
communication should be reconfirmed in sating to Author protect your rights, including your rights under the Secunoes Investor Protection Act (SIPA). If you have any questions, please contact your JPMSI Account Representanve 
a JPIASJ COMMOInCe Depanznitnt SI (2/2) *3-2323. 
Pease Imp rbe tatmong in mod when Wm, tots Statement In MO soce JPMSI brcheramecohoy TALS staMmen2 ComatneS you general moron amount nth the SpeCoal ensmrandum account moused by Section 220 6 Requatoni As rea used by Regulation T a 
permanotecced a sop sepembeaccount is ramaabbimon >cur request 
Important Intormabon about Pricing and Valuations. 
Roes sane of wilcn we provided by puma *once, ce 00,0' 3040003 WIWI we doom 'Meal() re not guaranteed to accuracy a as reeked* veXies 
Free creel.) babnceom you account wend segregesed and me2De used in the mow stron Of IPUSts business. subset 10 the OnaliabOn$ CI SEC Rultrlac3,1 Unless abereeenstutlect JAW& a 45 agents end depOstores wet had mur secuntes Upon WV demand 
JAWS) wit pay to you the amount dyed treecredtbalance ant west dame So pstr fuly-prod mantel held an yaw behalf 
Intent me be Charged On any dead balance the method olcatutithrg "%unto described on a Wee sent to at enamel monomers. 
Youshout; haverecereectseparaSeJMASt cm* manors b each MC400.3 ten sachan AN tansactois re sub"! to Me Wm, and COMMOM aged On the nfreleSeldeCISuCh COnfronstOns and re abbpla 10 the cOnsteutiOn. by-levro. Custom and MetrpretabOnSCI the 
maletplace ?Mee executed and governed by and construed maxadenceiWth the laws or the State of New Yak end at applocabielederallaws and regulations Further infarnaton wan respect to comendascru and other charges related to the execute:nal &insectaria 
%%Acton OpbOns tanSaCticnS. has been induled m confernabons met were prevouslyfu✓mated to you Upon eaten request 'PAS/ wOJpmwabi supplyyou well Ite /Vest such informetse 
Ifa embalmers made with reaped to an issue as securbes inckded in your Margo Account we wan diccatelhe baby a method we deer n far and °quotable 
You must prong* *dose JPMSI ol matemichanges in yaw investment object/ma a (nano& 'situation Unless you nkrm JAMS/ othermse. JPMS wW consder the iniormaboncurrentlyin es Ales to be conplete and wattle 
J.PM9 is not a bank end a a Sean* legal entity tan es bank a twit atrasies. mardng JPMCS The .teCtinlieS soil offered cv reconvnended 
(I) Are not insured by the Federal Deposi lost✓mire Capaaton a any amp goeernmental agency 
(2) Are net deposes a other Megatons Of JRASIS Danko/ tart Mae** (unless abase* uxtrate0). end we nit gm emitted by a me resporMONy d any such tetitiatee(unless expAtely (Sad OMenves)). and 
(3) Inman "oilmen: mkt inchoIng possible loss ate* pence:sal meestad 
JPSISIS banking *Moles may be *nate b sass d SeCunteS Mel JPMSI underates 
which case proceeds or Onenngs underwater by JPMSI may be used a the repaynwe or such loans and )ou shout, refer to the disclosure documents teletarig b beau* 
securities la docussion of any such Inane relationships The FedeteiReservereqwea Tat JPMS obtam mur consent babied can oaten caftan Nantes tom its bank ex MR affiliates mcMcing vat aces: cake:cost )ou Wk we assume bat raw connnumg to 
tensed busmen wet ,IPM& me constitute your Consent 10 Me sharing of such .nernelsco byS/44SI sod 4 blink a MR elneates. to ere ex lent perished by Me 
JPliforgen FM** Bank is Me marketing nerd for the pirate Denting Deanna conducted sty J P Madam Cease 8 Co through its subsdemes scrldwde. madding JPMCB and JPMS1 
Page 16 of 16 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00033695 
SDNY_GM_00302893 
EFTA01508429
