---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01654395_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01654395.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 619
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:51.166974
---

nmmNY4MMEMMENF 
To: Undisclosed recipients:; 
Subject: SITREP and Orange is the Color of the Day for Friday, August 8, 2025 
Date: Fri, 08 Aug 2025 11:00:00 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Milne-Images: Outlook-vlgbrbzc.jpg 
EDEB‘I
. BUREAU OF IN'ESTIGATION 
)4 
Go to New York Field Office News and Information 
Follow this site to get updates in your newsfeed. 
NEWLY LISTED EVENTS 
Nothing to report. 
ICE ERO OPERATIONS 
Daily Teams Channel for ICE Operations: 8.8.2025 ICE ERO Operations  I M365-NY-OPERATIONS  I Microsoft Teams 
Effective September I, 2025, all New York Operations Orders will be completed in the FD-888. Microsoft will no longer support InfoPath as 
the software has reached its end of life. FBINETSharePoint Ops Orders will no longer be supported, all Op Plans will be submitted in the 
FD-888 for approval. 
Agents should utilize FACT for FD-888 processing: 1 ps://faciffitgovillome.aspx
All approved FD-888's must be submitted to the NYOC: ny opscentereffitgov 
COLOR OF THE DA! 
Orange 
AIR OIIAI.ITY INDEX As of 7am  (AQI) 
Value of Index = 41 
OZONE = 51 
Daily AQI Color = Yellow 
Reference: AlrNow.gov 
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE 
Sunny, with a high near 77. 
SIGNIFICANT NEWS EVENTS 
FBI Fires Senior Officials, including Former Acting Director 
Reuters (08/07, Lynch) reported that the FBI is firing another round of employees, including former Acting Director Brian Driscoll, in its latest 
moves against officials who worked on issues that drew President Donald Trump's ire, four people briefed on the matter said on Thursday. 
Driscoll, who temporarily served as the bureau's director early this year before Director Patel's Senate confirmation, was viewed as a hero by 
some in the bureau after he sought to shield them from being targeted for their role in investigating people who stormed the U.S. Capitol on 
January 6, 2021, in a failed bid to overturn Trump's election defeat. The article explained that the Justice Departments former Acting Deputy 
Attorney General Emil Bove, who has since been confirmed to serve as an appellate court Judge, accused Driscoll and former FBI Acting Deputy 
Director Robert Kissane of insubordination after they tried to fend off his efforts to collect a list of the names of all those people. Driscoll, 
nicknamed "The DrIzz," told his colleagues in a farewell message on Thursday that he was given no explanation for his removal. "Last night I was 
informed that tomorrow will be my last day in the FBI. I understand that you may have a lot of questions regarding why, for which I currently have 
no answers. No cause has been articulated at this time," he wrote. "Please know that it has been the honor of my life to serve alongside each of 
you." The article highlighted that the FBI also notified at least three other agents that they will be terminated by Friday, including the Washington 
Field Office's Assistant Director-In-Charge Steve Jensen, former Las Vegas Special Agent-in-Charge Spencer Evans, and Walter Giardina, an agent 
in the Washington field office. Jensen, in a message to his staff, said he received a similar message that his employment will be terminated 
effective Friday. "Never waver in your resolve to answer the call to protect the American people and uphold the Constitution," he wrote. The FBI 
declined to comment. Additional reporting on the story was provided by Washington Examiner (08/07, Deese), Fox News (08/07, Deppisch, 
Spunt, Gibson), New York Times (08/07, Goldman, Barrett, Thrush, Rashbaum), CBS News (08/07, Milton, 'Goldman, Kates, Miller), The 
Guardian (08/07, Stein), NBC News (08/07, Kosnar, Gregorian), The Hill (08/07, Beitsch), ABC News (08/07, Mallin, Barr, Levine, Katersky), 
Associated Press (08/07, Tucker), MSNBC (08/07, Benen), CNN (08/07, Perez, Polant2, Lybrand), New York Post (08/07, Marino, King), LISA 
Today (08/07, Meyer), Washington Post (08/07, Roebuck, Nakashima, Stein), Politico (08/07, Gerstein, Cheney), and Newsweek (08/07, 
Whisnant). 
EFTA01654395
