---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01658425_20260130_p016_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01658425.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 595
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:51.676606
---

p.m. Friday, the Dollar Bank at 4140 Fulton Parkway, Cleveland, was robbed. The suspect was 
described as a White male...wearing a Cays hat, blue shirt and blue pants. He was also wearing 
a blue medical face mask." According to WKYC-TV, "At approximately 12:10 p.m. Monday, a 
Citizens Bank at 4221 Pearl Road was robbed. The suspect was again described as a White 
male, of average height and weight, possibly in his late thirties. He was wearing a navy colored 
baseball hat with a blue medical face mask and a long sleeve plaid button-up shirt." 
FBI Seeking Suspect In Colorado Bank Robbery. 
KCNC-TV Denver (8/24, 91K) reports from Englewood, Colorado, "The FBI wants to find a man 
they say robbed a Chase Bank in Englewood. The suspect was caught on surveillance from the 
bank on South University Boulevard near Hampden Avenue." KCNC-TV adds, "Officials say it 
happened on Aug. 21 just after noon. They describe the suspect as a white or Hispanic male in 
his late 20s, about 5-feet-6 tall with dark hair and a medium build. The suspect was last seen 
wearing a black, flat-billed baseball cap, red shirt with mountains and black and white lettering 
on it, as well as dark-colored pants. He had a black backpack." KUSA-TV Denver (8/24, Cote, 
475K) also reports. 
EMPLOYMENT 
FBI Looks To Hire More Women. 
WTKR-TV Norfolk, VA (8/24, Kavanagh, 163K) reports from Hampton Roads, Virginia, "Do you 
have what it takes to become a special agent? The FBI says they are always hiring and looking 
to employ more women." WTKR-TV adds, "As COVID-19 is a constant concern, the FBI said they 
are changing the way they recruit Special Agents. 'We found some innovative ways to continue 
processing agent applicants and utilize technology in ways that the FBI has not done in the 
past,' said Jennifer Bach, FBI Special Agent and Applicant Recruiter Coordinator. She said they 
are using SKYPE and going virtual. She said hiring women is a top priority. 'Women bring a very 
unique skill set, and communication again is one of those things that women often excel at. It's 
something that that we can definitely utilize here,' said Special Agent Bach." 
FINANCIAL CRIME & CORPORATE SCANDALS 
Pandemic Spawning Scams More Than Any Recent Event. 
In the "Cybersecurity 202" blog for the Washington Post (8/24, 14.2M), Joseph Marks writes, 
"The pandemic has prompted more than 170,000 complaints for scams related to everything 
from masks, face shields and miracle cures to government stimulus payments and 
unemployment, according to data compiled by the Federal Trade Commission. 'When we track 
things like natural disasters, we get thousands of complaints. Not tens of thousands but 
thousands. So, this is far, far bigger,' Monica Vaca, associate director for the Federal Trade 
Commission's division of consumer response and operations, which collects consumer fraud 
complaints, told me." According to Marks, "Since January, coronavirus-related scams have 
made up about 8 percent of all fraud complaints forwarded to the FTC from numerous law 
enforcement agencies and consumer groups. In recent months, that percentage has grown 
closer to 12 percent." 
FBI: $3M In Stolen Ventilators Recovered In Florida. 
The AP (8/24) reports from Miami, "A $3 million shipment of ventilators stolen that was stolen 
earlier this month was recovered in South Florida, the FBI said in a news release." The FBI "said 
the ventilators were being prepared for shipment to El Salvador by the United States Agency for 
International Development when they were stolen sometime around Aug. 8. The theft 
happened in southwest Miami-Dade County, the agency said." The AP adds, "The theft is being 
EFTA01658440
