---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01658024_20260130_p041_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01658024.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 584
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:51.643604
---

assault vehicle off the coast of Southern California on Thursday, the authorities said." Search 
and rescue efforts for those missing "-- seven marines and one sailor who were aboard the 
vehicle when it sank - continued on Friday afternoon, the First Marine Expeditionary Force 
said." The Times adds, "The service members were assigned to the 15th Marine Expeditionary 
Unit at Camp Pendleton, in the San Diego area." The Washington Post (7/31, Armus, 14.2M) 
reports authorities "said the mishap occurred at about 5:45 p.m. Thursday during a routine 
activity near San Clemente Island, when the vehicle began taking on water." The vehicle, 
"known as an AAV...is meant to carry troops from ship to shore, particularly through rough 
water." ABC World News TonightVi (7/31, story 10, 1:29, Llamas, 6.66M) reported that as 
search and rescue efforts continue, "the Marines have decided to stop using that vehicle on 
water until they can figure out exactly what went tragically wrong." 
The CBS Evening NewsVi (7/31, story 8, 1:25, O'Donnell, 3.97M) and NBC Nightly News 
Vi (7/31, story 9, 1:01, Holt, 5.44M) broadcasts provided similar coverage of the accident. 
INTERNATIONAL NEWS 
Trump: "Fake News" Media Not Covering "Big China Virus" Outbreaks In Other 
Countries. 
President Trump tweeted Sunday morning, "Big China Virus breakouts all over the World, 
including nations which were thought to have done a great job. The Fake News doesn't report 
this. USA will be stronger than ever before, and soon!" Trump included a tweet from Twitter 
Moments Australia, which wrote, "A State of Disaster has been declared in Victoria over the 
COVID-19 outbreak and Melbourne residents face strict new restrictions including a nightly 
curfew and limits on movement outside of the home." 
Nations Around The World See Increases In Coronavirus Cases. 
The CBS Weekend NewsVI (8/2, story 8, 1:55, Garrett, 1.32M) reported, "The number of 
COVID-19 cases worldwide stands at nearly 18 million, with the highest case totals outside the 
United States in Brazil, India, and Russia." CBS (Palmer) added, "Southern Australia, grappling 
with a big spike in COVID cases, declared a state of disaster this weekend and ordered a fresh 
lockdown with an 8 p.m. curfew. Across Europe too there have been upticks in infections. In 
Britain, where life and summer had been getting back to normal, the government reversed 
direction and tightened up the rules. French and German officials are so worried about local 
surges." In the developing world, "countries like India, which is seeing 50,000 new cases a day, 
the virus thrives in the slums. India is now on course to overtake the United States in having 
the worst outbreak on Earth." 
Australia Imposes Curfew In Melbourne To Stem Rising Cases. 
The New York Times (8/2, 18.61M) reports officials in Melbourne, Australia, "announced stricter 
measures on Sunday in an effort to stem a coronavirus outbreak that is raging despite a 
lockdown that began four weeks ago." For six weeks starting on Sunday, residents of 
Melbourne" will be under curfew from 8 p.m. to 5 a.m. except for purposes of work or giving 
and receiving care." In explaining the new measures, Premier Daniel Andrews said the high rate 
of community transmission "suggested that the virus was more widespread than known." 
Cases Continue To Rise In Europe Driven By Young People Flooding Into Bars, 
Beaches. 
The Wall Street Journal (8/2, Bisserbe, Pancevski, Subscription Publication, 7.57M) reports that 
cases of coronavirus continue to rise in Europe as young people appear to ignore social 
distancing rules and flood into bars, beaches, parks, and other public spaces. 
EFTA01658064
