---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01508581_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01508581.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 800
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:48.047077
---

JPMorgan 0 
Private Bank 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
Account Number 
July 01, 2007 - July 31, 2007 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service speelaNst it you think yOur StataMene N MoOnvot or you require addltIOnal inkrmadOn about. transecbon on your statement. 
JPMSI is a monde of the Secant:as Invest& Pro:eaten Caperationrsipo • noltprailf membership ccrporabco funded by braterdeaters repoleredverM Me Seca dos and ExchargeCommes,on Sectaties and ash hot kr a customs( at !PIM we picketed by 
SIPC up to S500.000 per costars'. who* includes up b 5100000 o (election la me WCdoes not protect roam! Imam boni illartuotona Al the valued the sect/Mee Assets heel in custody by 'Pilaw Chase Bank NA Rho *Booklet. not sis5,ect b WPC 
You nay °been ntooneton•boul &PC. including the SIPC Brecht.* on they nobs* • t*Www mac ag' a Dy coaxing them at (201) 371.5710. 
JP Mogen Se/wheel% . JPMagenChaseEtank NA a that aMhates (the Wagon Compenealmey pond, admanattabre.CustOdial. Wes A* titan a shWehOkltrserviCesIOJPMagan Funds, AnwinamCenloyFunds a foals ealaterseed.SpOnSOred &Need Cr 
renegedby dad pates and the Mogan Compenes may to ccerpassaled fa such wows 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR JPMSI MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Please rewrite your account statement and promptly report any Inaccuracy or discrepancy ineludmg possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded divided payments, and unaccounted cash posmons In writing. 
Any oral 
communication should ben-confirmed in waling to Author protect your rights, including your rights under the Becomes Investor Protection Act (SIPA). II you have any questions, please contact your JPMSI Account Represent:inv. 
Or JPMSI Compliance Dapartyrsetrit al (2/2) *3-2323. 
Reese seep the fal1,1100 m mod when Wm, toes statement to frock dote JPMSI tvoneragoaahm, Tres staMmeol CombmeS your venom, moron amount web the SpeCoal enelmnneken account moored by Section 220 6 Reatationi As moused by Pagoi on T a 
permanent record a 'our seperebeaccount is evenlableupon >cur request 
Important Informabon about Pricing and Valuations. 
Roes sone of who's ere provded by along **noes a other sources *Itch we doom re able tee nol guaranteed for accuracy a as rented. rennet 
Free credt balances el you account we not segregebd and may De used to the operation CI JPIASIs Dueness. subject to the OnstiabOnS CI SEC Rule 15c3,1 Unless attecerserostoreect .ANSI a 45 egantS end depOPICerel we hod pour mantes UpOn WV demand 
JPMSI moll pay to you the amount a yea treecreddbalance and wa doh. • 
)c fuly-ped mantes held on pour behalf 
Interestwor be charged on any dead balance the method olcatutehrginhvestu desarbed on a tenet sent to rarrarganyolomers. 
You/hoot; have tectsteedsept rate.IPMSt col* nations la elan MC40 0.3 bendecla, AN tansactoes are aubasa to the tern and COntatime Slated on the rtreareeldeOISuCh COntronatOns end re abbnla 10 the cOnsteutiOn. by-leveS. Custom and MetrpretiftOnSCI the 
maletplace wham executed and governed by and construed in accadence‘hen the laws or the State of New Yak and at applocabletederallaws and regulations Falba ordarnaton wen respect to comenosscos and other charges related to the execution of &insectaria 
madame options franSaCeoiS. has been indeed m confernsbonsthel were preetausiyhenoted to whi Upon eaten request JPMSI wdpeanwty supplyyou well Me Meet such information 
Ina petWmois made with reaped to an issue ol securees =Wed in your Margo Account we wan reccetethe cabby a method we deer n for sal nubble 
You must prong* *dose JPMSI of matertaichanges in >our investment objectives a (nano a situation Unless you nktm JPMSI °therms.. JPIASimil comsat the iniormabon currently in es Abs to be oonesksle and moss* 
JPMSI is nail bank and is a Seen* legal only frames bank Cr Ova athletes. trwavdng JPMCB The eeCunlieS soil offered a reconvnended by.,IPMS1 
(I) Are not insured by the Federal Depose Insurance Coperatron a any other goeernmental agency 
(2) Are not deposes a Other CtegatiMS Of JPMSIS bank a ear' ellastes (mess otherwise notated). end ate not guaranteed by a the respasebety Many such tiditteteNunless expately slated otherwise). and 
(3) Imam "vestment netts gecko's" possible toss of the prmopel innastad 
JPIOSIS banking eINtales may be lenders b sass 01 SeCunteS Med JPMSI ondermaes 
which case proceeds CO adevingS underwritten by JPMSI ow be used I a the repaynwe or such loans and )ou shout, refer,* tn. der-kVere (Sseuments relating to once* 
pecurtes la docussion or any such leading relationships The FederalReser sere:sees mat JPMSIobtan your consent Mane can °bran caftan nformabon from is bank a tat, arfaustes octuting taw arcs ealveboncl you We will assume mat raw conbnumg to 
transact &vanes, voth JPMSI meconsblute yeah:mantle the sheep of such tratarrellco by JPMSI and its bank Cr then elneateeto the entire pet naffed b y law 
JPIdagen Ftivele Bank ts de marketing none fa the pwate balling business conducted styJR Mayen Chose S CO through es subsdemes woldnole. nalideng JPMCB end JPMSI 
Page 19 of 19 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00033889 
SDNY_GM_00303087 
EFTA01508581
