---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01484395_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01484395.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 721
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:47.277245
---

04 12003 
Account Number: 
JEFFREY EPSTEIN 
April 01, 2003 - April 30, 2003 
JPMorgan Chase Bank 
345 Park Avenue. New York. NY 10154-1002 
JPMorgan Private Bank 
Asset Account Portfolio 
Page 5 of 5 
In Case Of Ears or Questions About Your Slectrone Transfer*. 
Contact loll Morgan Teem atria of 0e **phone numbers on Me Ironed this statement a rote us • t500 Stambn Chrisbens Redd. //OAS, Newark CE Ig713-2107 es som as you can chose Mee yard statement is atm ce wu oedema ankemshisnabout a transfer 
on the statement We must new Odd you nor lake than 60 days Vier we ant you the FIRSTatament on woad the tvrord se0ThemeppeanN) (I) Tanta 
saant renter (1f Quote me Bra 0' the Penal )04i We ~IPOWL MO ereleMOS dewy as 
you can why you Peeve: d in Beef a why you need me reoreretron (NNW us the do* amount of Me suspected tine If you COMO us or
 sai must send 44 taut temper), 0' oaten xi Mesta *OM 10 butiMial Payee as le pralines:O nights We wit 
investgale your complaiN and will correct any end dOmptlynine take Me Men 50 Nana. MAIO 00 the (20days ke progi*Ma sang year debit Call asst inanabitalltentiedgea). we welded:sat WOW, by Me Maud sou Mee Ur eat SO Mat you war have 
the use of tereydrueng the tone t (nest's:0 complete0ur ores Neon 
In case of prod or questions about your statement. includmp your ime of credit. 
if yore tote Mat yore statement o monde a i you need new mg:emotion about a tranucton on put sletenunt mcMling a An. of cm.04 tensschtvi. you must were to us on a seeder sheet diadem la ens and send MIFIlorpser 
Awed Bank. 502 Slignion CnaNna Road vOPS3 Meek OE 19713.2107 We must hew bomeso no ea Mn 60 days alto the slalomed on when Me emir a radian pentodes sent You can contact yds clone service speaks! but 
doing *owe not presage your reds 
In your Nam pause proms Me Wowing earner fl) yds name and account eufeete (2) the do*,  amount d the soSpeCted erne and ( 3) •denelwrd Mend and erglieneted 0 you Can. why you between is en erne If you need 
ewe at'n.bon. you must dad Me la ere you efecifi94134}bOut 
The JP•lorpan Funds or The JPMorgan Institutional Funds or The American Century Funds 
J P Morgan Funds Disbeed Inc d the dastrogrfor of Ma J P Morgan Funds and Angsrman Century: rrestirone SomasInc is Me distneutor 
the dame Center/Funds AdAkrgen finestmeMMeoyv.rented and Arrerran today investmentManagementsento as 
imestment advisers to Mr eespectne bind fainges Snares dew funds ere not bank deposes and am not guaranteedbyanybank gogernmententityce the FCC Rotten •ne shaedy. wet budded end gedenetan value may be nem or also than errata: 
While the 
money market lures seek to maiden a stable not asset valued SI CO pecan Means no esseancetnat Myst' continue to do so the estimated annualincome and deadly* d tapas Icemega funds represent (he funds' most went mom darkest annuaced 
If you have chosen one of Me sweep mutual funds. you are dished Mai poptens in the Arm Money Meat Sweep Fund represent hotlines it Me JAMorpen Akre Money Markel Fund poseons in the Federal Money Medd Sweep Ford 
represent teems in the JPMorgan Federal Money Market Fund and posibas n Me Tax &stet Money Market Sweep Fund represent holdings in Me JIMapern Tax Exempt Money Martel Fund. 
JPMorgan Private Beane. nwkeMg nave for Me private banking busloads :enacted by J P Morgan Chase & Ca trough rib autediaries gerldwidei including JPMorgan Chase Sank J.P. Mien Trust Company. NA. andJ P Mayan Sedates Inc 
JP/ASI la a mats of Me SOCunlY4 MSS'S PrOSChOW Ca ;Kinston OK) a noNce.proft erwwwlywahoocwporahon funded by trohow.deahvsregoleved nth the Secedes and Excham•Comeson SiPC protects sedges and cash nee Ida dada( account at JPMSI 
up le 5300.000 waren included up IS S100.000 Of proscoon watt The bakm0 I ref Me account prorecnon waCh 4 I OffhwOCI1 u OwteSS SIPC include up le en additenail000.000 of ptoecton f c e ash end $49,5W.OW Id any one customer This excess Sip; 
eavevped smiled to an aggregated timOunt d$250000.070 bye Sorely band awed by a Mid commas. insured:endear Assets nen n custody by JPMCS senor subset lo SIPC Carbide 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00005621 
SDNY_GM_00274819 
EFTA01484395
