---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01654399_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01654399.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 648
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:51.171976
---

From: NY -1 
To: Undisclosed recipients:; 
Subject: SITREP and Green is the Color of the Day for Thursday August 7, 2025 
Date: Thu, 07 Aug 2025 11:00:00 +0000 
Importance: Normal 
Inlinc-Images: Outlook-j3duudgjpg 
EDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION 
Go to New York Field Ow., News and Information 
Follow this site to get updates in your newsfeed. 
NEWLY LISTED EVENTS 
Nothing to report. 
ICE ERO OPERATIONS 
Daily Teams Channel for ICE Operations: 08.07.2025 ICE ERO Operations  I M365-NY-OPERATIONS  J Microsoft Teams 
Effective September 1, 2025, all New York Operations Orders will be completed in the FD-888. Mkrosoft will no longer support InfoPath as the 
software has reached its end of life. FBINET SharePolnt Ops Orders will no longer be supported, all Op Plans will be submitted in the FD-888 
for approval. 
Agents should utilize FACT for FD-888 processing: https://fact.fbi goy/Home asp 
All approved FO-888's must be submitted to the NYOC: ny opscenter@flitgov 
COLOR OF TIIE DAY 
Green 
AIR QIIALITY INDEX As of 7am  (AO) 
Value of Index = 43 
OZONE = 17 
Daily AQI Color = Green 
Reference: AlrNow.gov 
NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE 
Partly cloudy with a high of 82. 
SIGNIFICANT NEWS EVENTS 
Army Sergeant Shot Five Soldiers Before He Was Tackled and Arrested at Fort Stewart 
Reuters (08/06, McKay, All, Stewart) reported that a U.S. Army sergeant, Quornelius Radford, shot and wounded five soldiers with a personal 
handgun at Fort Stewart in Georgia. The five victims are in stable condition and expected to recover, with three requiring surgery. The article 
explained that Radford, 28, was an active-duty sergeant specializing in automated logistics and assigned to a supply unit of the 2nd Armored 
Brigade Combat Team at Fort Stewart. Other soldiers in the area who witnessed the shooting tackled and subdued the suspect before law 
enforcement arrived and took him into custody. Brigadier General John Lubas, the base commander, gave little information about Radford's 
background except to say he had a prior drunken-driving arrest, which was unknown to the chain of command until "the event occurred and we 
started looking into the law enforcement databases!' Speaking to reporters at the White House, President Donald Trump said, The entire nation 
is praying for the victims and their families!' He called the suspect 'horrible The Guardian (08/06, Marcos) reported that an FBI spokesperson 
said that their Savannah satellite office "is aware of the incident at Fort Stewart and is coordinating with Army Criminal Investigations Division for 
any assistance that might be needed". The Associated Press (08/06, Bynum, Catalini) highlighted that Deputy Director Bongino said that the FBI 
was at the fort to help investigate. Additional reporting on the story was provided by New York Times (08/06, Medina, Hauser, Sassoon), Fox 
News (08/06, Wehner, Friden), NPR (08/06, Kim), ABC News (08/06, Shapiro, Martinez), NBC News (08/06, Helsel), CNN (08/06, Andone, 
Morris, et aL), CBS News (08/06, Sundby), Al Jazeera (08/06, Staff Writer), BBC (08/06, Faguy, Joyner, Matta), CNBC (08/06, Breuninger), The 
Hill (08/06, Mitchell), USA Today (08/06, Winkle, Santucci, et al), Axios (08/06, Falconer), Washington Post (08/06, Wu, Lamothe, et at), New 
York Post (08/06, Nest), NewsNation (08/06, Whiteside), Military.com (08/06, Beynon, Novelly), WAGA (NBC-5) (08/06, Maielli), and WXIA 
(NBC-11) (08/06, Raymond). 
Texas Soldier With Top Security Clearance Charged With Attempting to Pass Sensitive Tank Data to Russia 
Fox News (08/06, Casiano) reported that Taylor Adam Lee, a 22-year-old US Army soldier with top security clearance, has been charged with 
attempting to pass sensitive information about the M1A2 Abrams tank to Russia. Lee, stationed at Fort Bliss in El Paso, allegedly transmitted 
information online and offered assistance to Russia in exchange for Russian citizenship. "Today's arrest is a message to anyone thinking about 
betraying the U.S. - especially service members who have sworn to protect our homeland: said Assistant Director Roman Rozhaysky of the FBI's 
Counterintelligence Division. "The FBI and our partners will do everything in our power to protect Americans and safeguard classified 
EFTA01654399
