---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01511572_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01511572.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 729
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:48.181590
---

05 2003 
Account Number: 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
May 01, 2003 - May 31, 2003 
JPMorgan Chase Bank 
345 Park Avenue. New York, NY 10154-1002 
JPMorgan Private Bank 
Asset Account Portfolio 
Page 7 of 9 
in Case Of Emma or OtiestlOns About Your Electronic Transfer*. 
Contact )W Morgan Teem al an of the te*Moce timbers on the frontal this statement a wit us at 502 Stambn Chrishens Rood. hOPS Newark DE M713-2107 as soar as you tan lyou Medi )Cu eteiethent is wrong a 1 mu need mare anktmlien Mout a transfer 
on the statement We must hem eon, you no lake than CO days slier we sent you the FIRSTsidlement on *AM Ole error** peotrtem *OWN) (I) Tee tit Met AVM end eiXOunt Mord,  (2)Onaton.4170/Ct 
PIM* WO Mt ~IP about MO *VIM*t deS0* 
you can why you teneveht 4 vl error a why you need one intlinglion (NMI us efte Oar amount of The suspected and If you COMO us Or
 trteu must sand 44 tour cOmpieort 0' Ousatrn in Mesta *IOW /0 twitee48 Sy**, ads 10 pretends:4,VMM We MI 
.nyestgale 
omphool and will correct any entrtrOmptty owe WO one MM 10 business daystO 00 put (20 days kr MahanI Wing you dad CMS Cr by iniernabitlelltannettattl. we wet 
)out account MY M fintOunlyOu Melt AS Or afar. s0 th44 ICU we hens 
the use of entwvy0bring tne tone rt teAss la to templet* an .net400.1106 
In case of prom ompastions about your siammene. including your fine of credit 
If you trill that me statement is my:tract ae you need mow **emotion about • fronsemban on pace Mamba inctlitag • An. of ant eene•Ctial. you must we* to us on • sepwato shoe dosating !Mew and send ab'✓Pl/0'psn 
Prrvato Bank. 503 Sionlon Ginstons Row" vOPS3 Newark OE 19713.2107 We must neer ban you no MW Mn 60 days ally the sierra on whet Me roe a roar 
appealed es sml You can cored youeckenf service speak! but 
doing saved not press.. you ileitis 
In your WIN plane prende the ANOOmnil ritometon 
yOur name end account number (2) the dollar amount d the stiSpeated MN. ate ( ) adesalfanof the MN' and ereMnattea lye° CM. why you beim* On Man end It you need 
one infametion. you muse dem Me Me Mm you ele unsure *boa 
The JPalorean Fula or TM JAllorgan Matefutional Funds or The American Century Funds 
JPMorgan Funds POMO:I Inc is me drstlitufa of tia • J P Morgan Funds and Amsncen Century: membrane Sony:esInc a to &seminarel the Amencen Conran/Funds JPMorgan IrnostmentMe. 
manna and Arreercan Center y ImesimentMenagementsonie as 
"most ant sem.= to nem respoctne turd antes Shares d Pm funds are not berg *hoots are are not guaranteed by any bank gmernmenfentity, cr Pia FOC Returnend sharemoo mil hotfoot'sand folentlban value may be rine, or loss than aerate: 
WT40 the 
meoeymarhet urds seek to neaten a stable not asset eared S1 CO pennant. Mine no mrturancetnef they nil conhnueto do so The estimated annual income and Stridently...1 founts by mutual funds represent Me funds' most mane income thvelencl annuatled 
If you hove chosen one of Me sweep mutual funds. for are nabbed Mai poatims intimPm* Money Market Sweep Fund ntpresent hotlines ik Me JAMonmen Arne Money Market Fund poisons al the Federal Money Medd! Sweep Fund 
represent Inking, in the JPMorgan Federal Money Meeker Fund. and +magma II the Tex Exempt Money Meted Sweep Fund represent holdings in Me JP1.4agen Tax Exenp Money Medal Fund. 
JAMOrpen Aware Sen. a the ~MON name for Me private banking business conducted by J P Mogan Chen it Ca Moor as subsidiaries weridvetle. including JEfkrom Chase Sena J.P. Magian Trust Company. NA. andJ P Mayan Seabees Inc 
JP/AS, a a member of Me SecuntestlyeslaProltolvon Ca norm (SIFC).• nobtmpeoht inane mhtlooporanon funded by froher.deelersregoSered met the Secunties and Exchartl•Communon SiPC protects seat*** and ash neid fa a CuSloinef account at ADM& 
up ID 5300.000 .h.cti includes up b MO= of protalion Ice onto. The bakinceof ete account prorettan Witt? is /6,6•70d10 ea excess S/PC inctudes up ben Mama, 1000.000 of profecton fty cash and 1.412370.000 IN any one customer TM excess &PC 
Nommen Anted to an memeatedamOunt Of 5220020.000 bye Surely bond 'aimed eye rolpr canteen& insurance...0er Assets hen in custody by JPVC13 are not subs et10 SIPC coverage 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00037400 
SDNY_GM_00306598 
EFTA01511572
