---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01508473_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01508473.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 784
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:47.937561
---

JPMorgan 0 
Private Bank 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
Account Number 
March 01. 2007 - March 31, 2007 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service specialist it you think yOur Statement It Minna or you require adStonal inkrmadOn about. trainee bon on your statement. 
JPMSI is a mamas of the Saco/etas Inerrant Protection Corporation rsipo • noltprailf membership ccrporabco funded by latcherneaters 'cancan wen the &castesand ExchargoCommus.on Sematios and cash hen fa a custom' at !PIM ens piatected by 
SIPC up to S500.000 pee costars'. which madded up to 5100000 oft:celestite la pea SIPC does not protect vans! based bon illuctuotona Al the valued the secants Assets /*Pa custody by 'Pilaw Chase Thank NA (the *Booklet. not sinnot b WPC 
You rney oaten nroonatsvieboul &PC. including the SIPC Greenlee on brae areas* arWww spa erg' a Dy coaxing Mem • t Ma371.8300 
JP Ma gen Seamiest% . JPMagen CasseBank NA. a Mee Writes (the Wagon Compenealmey pond, admanatebre.CtistOdiel. sun ehOsbubOn a shWehOkkvserviCestOJPMagen Funds. AnwinamCenloyFunds. a funds intateshed. SpOnSOred. •Thr401 
renegedby Bard pates and the Magian Comperses may te ccerpassatod fa such menses 
IMPORTANT *FORMATION ABOUT YOUR JPMSt MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Meese review yaw aCCOttnt statement and promptly report any Inaccuracy or discrepancy InCludmg possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, and unaccounted casts positrons in writing. 
Any oral 
communication should be renontrmed in wilting to Anther protect your rights, including your rights under the Secunties Investor Protection Act (SIPA). II you have any questions, please contact your JPMSI Account Representeave 
a JPMSJ Compliance Onlenznitrit at (2/2) 18Th2323. 
Reese keep the ichtmong m mod when Wm, toes Statement In neck son JPMSI &Owego acimh, Tau staMmen2 CombmeS yew gram, moron amount alb the spoon mencrandum account mourns by Sector 220 6 Pequaroni As mowed by Regulation T a 
permenernecced a sour soperneaccount is emeableupon sour lagoon 
Important Intormabon about Pricing and Valuations. 
Roes sone of whcis are provided by along **noes a OM. 300003 Werth we doom unable we not guaranteed to accuracy a as reeked* ve.kieS 
Free °ed.! balances in your account wend segregated and mey De used in the aeretonOf JPIASIs business. auThekt to the OnstiabOnS CI SEC Rub 15c3,1 Unless atterrntsernstanect JAWS a 45 *gents end depOstones me had kW,  secuntes Upon WV demand 
JPMSI moll pay to you the amount of ycot freeman balance and awe dearer So )cs fuly-paid mantes held amour behalf 
Interearnor be ChargedOn any dank balance the method OiCatutatIndottveStiS desarbed naafi*. sent to at rnagantutomers. 
Yousnout; have f ece0edseparne.IPMSI coat manors la each MC40 Wig yenaaclM AN 0 anSeCtOIS weautesa to Me tern and Canaan Mated on the ntreeMeldeOf Ewen COnhonabOns end re subplot 10 the cOnsteutiOn. by-lewe. Custom and netrpretinOrna the 
maletplacerMaveo waitedand governed by and construed macconancoiwth the laws of Me Stele of New Yak and at applocablehderallews and regulations Further intarneton wen respect., comendscru and other charges related to the execute:nal &insectaria 
%%Acton OpbOns tanSaCtecnS. has been induled in team...bonsMel wererexdushnenaledb you Upon written request JPMSI we pecmpfly supplySIOU wet the latest such information 
If a patWmoo made wen reaped to an issue a securer./ =Wed in your Margo Account we wan inccatethe cal by a method we deer n for ear nubble 
You must prong* *dm* -PM& of matertaichanges in >our investment objectives a finance, 'situation Unless you nkrm JAMS otherness. JPMSI wit consider the informal.» current nits tiles to be oonesksto and maven 
JPMSI is not a bank end a a Sean* PO entity tom es bank a tan enseass. ocardng JPAIC8 TheasclnMssob.offredarecam.ndedyJPMSI-
(I) Are not insured by the Federal Depose Inst none Cop:taboo a any sena ocher nmental agency 
(2) Are not depose a Other CtagetOnS Of JPMSIS bank a ern ellesSes (unless otherwise indcated). end ere not guaranteed by a the resporsebety Of any such entietenunless expAtely Thad Crelenval). and 
(3) Imam "oilmen: rain incasing possible ass attar prmcnal estestcd 
JPIOSIS banking eiNrales may to Mon to b sass d SeCunteS than JPMSI undervnees 
*loch case proceeds a alerings underwritten by JPIASI miry be used b' the repaynwe or such loans 
)ou should refer,* the d.b.ae documents reltagb PabCtdale 
securities la discussion of any such lending relationships The FederalReserverenwes mat JPMS obtan sour cement tekwee can obtan caftan nformabon from its bank a tan arfaustes oduzing mar arch! makeboncl pou lit wit assume bat you earthmen to 
sensed &vanes, voth JPMSI wet coneblute vain:mend10Mo sharing of such trdarrellcoDyJPMStand its bank," Mel elneates. to the Mien perished by y law 
JP%krgen Rive* Bank. to marketing norm der the pwate berthing Deanna conducted sty J P Mayan Chose 8 Co through us subsdnoes saidencle. nclUdeng JPMCB end JPMSI 
Page 19 of 19 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00033753 
SDNY_GM_00302951 
EFTA01508473
