---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA02475261_20260210_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA02475261.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 506
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:53:37.679645
---

From: 
jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.com> 
Sent: 
Saturday, April 7, 2018 8:40 PM 
To: 
jeffrey epstein 
Subject: 
Fwd: agenda for tomorrrow 
 
Forwarded messag= 
From: jeffrey E. <jeevacation@gmail.co= <mailto:jeevacation@gmail.com» 
Date: Mon, May 18, 2015 at 2:17 PM 
Subject: agenda f=r tomorrrow 
To: Jeffrey Epstein <'eevacation@gmail.com <mailto:jeevacation@gmail=com», Melanie Spinella 
as a reflection on your voiced spirited co=cerns in the what have you done for me lately category ? )):: =C2 . 
in the beginning =AO. there was eileen and tom. ( eve and adam,-- however it app=ars, she declined to eat the apple 
from the knowledge tree) </=iv> 
. that was it. ada was at the bank but reviewin= docs. carlyn was in the kitchen making mush ( abel and cain)<=div> 
books as they were mystersiously called was being kep= soley by eileen, with little or no input ,correction or advice 
from=tom. herarely if ever asked questions. expenses ie =AO airplane was done in house apollo. (1031 exchange 
blown etc) =A0at this time 
as I recall you got quite annoyed, =nd agressive and initiated the" talking out of the both sides o= your mouth " tiddy, 
when i suggested that the level of their c=mpetence left much to be desired. ( ralph lerner's came later ) =C2 .response -
eileen ran the desk, torn is a partner, ralph =rote the book etc 
re tax there was almost no oversi=ht of income, estate, gift ,sales and use, transfer excise etc =AO. IRS SEC GAMING 
NYS. real estate, valuations ( many =tax filings- disclosures, etc. re grats trusts d=fect trusts, Ilcs corps , trustees , 
partnerships. foreign corps. =C2 100 bank accounts. gift taxes„ loans, notes. payables. expen=es.. , insurance.( life , 
art, split dollar), cashflows, oper=ting biz„ investments, contingent liabilitiites.( funds , miami ), comm=tments 
dividends, BRH TRA, shareholder agreements, bank =oan agreements. wills, construction, contracts planni=g 
permits etc..employ rules. checking account reconciliations,= crediti cards. jewelry , cost basis,( art stock etc.) =C2 
foundations regs , brokerage accts, old stock certificates. =AO stock options,( environmental solutions still not done !). 
estate tax c=lcualtion firedrill, ( note ,basis etc ) low basis , step ups , howerer with no accounting system, no reveiw 
of boat expenses plan= expenses etc. . many outside counsel with litle or no coordination.=/div> 
Paul Weisss , Mcdermit Will, Macfarlanes. Price Waterhouse=, Reich, withers bergman, Empire,  akin gump, bbd 
seidman, Wendy, =pollo in house . 
lumber, knowledge universe, ennv=ronmental, solutions 12 mii in stock, . on and on 
the priority list that you asked me to prepare =or brad and you in dec , unfortunatlleyso far , li=tle change ie no 
accounting system that ties, no, brokerage ac=ounts though strongly suggested , jpm db, gs, april of 2=14 . IT 
antiquated 
dagastino hired , no inut from m=, julie, temps, paralegals miriam . etc. 
=div>still need new accounting system - on line banking . =AOstaff hires. ( seprate from samantha two years out of 
school ). =C2 audit system, . ?? john murphy? joslin? dag? eva? . i str=ngly suggest workers at the highest level of 
EFTA_R1_01588350 
EFTA02475261
