---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01508441_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01508441.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 796
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:47.924561
---

JPMorgan 0 
Private Bank 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
Account Number 
February 01. 2007 - February 28, 2007 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service specialist if you Mink yOur MateMent It Meeerect a, you require aeldiTIOnal inkrmadOn about. transecdon on your statement. 
JPMSI is a mambo, of the Socuntes Inman Protechon Corporation rsipo • noltprailf membership ccrporabco funded by bichardatiets repoleredwrth the Seca✓Mos and ExchargoCommyseon Secatios and ash Mt ke a custom' at !PIM repatecled by 
SIPC up to S500.000 me customer. Much irrickles up to 5100000 ofpotectien la cash SIPC does not protect teem! kat* boni liteclueboto Al the valet,' the securdms Assets lean a cuslcdy by 'Mogan Chase Bank NA (the genle)wenof mAyect b SIPC. 
You my °been ntooneton Mout &PC. madding Mei SIPC BroChtve on eat *Mu* a rwww mac cry cr Dy coaxing Mem • MB 3714700 
J P Mogen Securevesac JPMCIden Case Bank NA. a Met athletes Oho Wagon Compenesliney monde ednimettetree. custodial. se/es. eks*OubOn a shWehOktfirserviCestOJPMCrgan Funds, AnwinCenCentwyPunds. a funds eatateshed. SpOnS0h9d. &Need a 
renegedby dad pates and the Mogen Compress may Co ccerphysatod fa such semmas 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR JPMSI MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Please review your account statement and promptly report any Inaccuracy or discrepancy including possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, and unaccounted cash positions in writing. 
Any oral 
communication should ben-confirmed in waling to further protect your rights, including your rights under the Secunoes Investor Protection Act (SIPA). II you have any questions, please contact your JPMSI Account Representanve 
a JPMSI COMMOInCe Depanznitrit SI (2/2) 182-2323. 
Pease keep rDe totmong in mod when Wm, toes statement to Medi tote JPIASI brCkereleatInOy TALS staMmen2 CO' bmeS yew germs, moron amount nth the SpeCoal man" and um account teptoe0 by Sector 2206 RectoaDoni 
As moused by Regulation te 
permanotecced a pate separoloaccount is rimilabbykon your request 
Important Information about Pricing and Valuations. 
Roes sane of whcrt we provided by plang Wynn Ce new 3040003 WIWI we deem ratable re not guaranteed to *coney a as reeked* ve.kieS 
Free creed balances in you account wend legregaied and mej De used in the oversaw Of IPUSts business 30,0 10 the Onkkettne of SEC Rule 1503.3 Unless Othereeenstotlect .ANSI a 45 *gents end depOotorrea wet had your secuntes Upon row demand 
JPMSI wit pay to you the amount circa treomadtbalence and west &Myr bps tr ludy-pied mambos held on yes behalf 
Intent me be Charged On any dead balance the inethOd 01 Catutabn infant a described on a tenet sent to at rnarantomers. 
Youshove havefe(eteedSetattWeJPIASt Coat manors b COCA ,seance ten social AN transact,', ate sub"! to Me !WM and COridtime Slated On the nfreleSeeldeCISuCh COnfronatOns end we artseCt 10 the cOnstilutiOn by-leveS. Custom and MetrpretiftOnSCI the 
maletplaceollave mocated and governed by and mists Vin exadanco 1101 the laws or to State of New Yak end at applocabletaderalkaws end regulations Further infarnston wen respect to caremsecos and other charges related to lac execute:nal fransachens 
%%Acton OpbOns tanSeOtionS. has been mewed in confernabonsthel were prerouslyfu tooled to you Upon eaten request 'MASIwill mcmpfly supplyyou wet Ite /Vest such informetrce 
if a peak), to made with reaped to an issue as secunbes inckded in your Memo Account we wan diccatelhe cat by a method we deem far end °quotable 
You must prong* edema JPMSf ol matenaichangos in your investment object...a a finance I situation UMess you inktm JAMS/ Whereat. JPMSI wH consder the iniormaltoncurrentlyin es Ales to be oomplete and scents 
JPMSI is not a bank end a a Sean* PO entity from es bank a nye athletes. nolidng JPMCB The secant Soil offered a 
ededyJPMSI-
(I) 
(I) Are not insured by the Federal Deposita=✓mire Coperabon a any lama goeernmental agency 
(2) Are net deposes a Other °CapstansOf JRASIS Danko/ eve 'Metes (mhos otherwise indcated). end we not gm embed by a the responebety of My MOO tiditieteNunless expAtely Oat/ OMenve0). and 
(3) Inman "oilman: hake inducing possible less cid* pence:el "nested 
JPSISIs banking alMeles may be teats b Mon d SeCunteS that JPMSI ondermaes 
which case proceeds Of OrkvingS underwritten by JPMSI may be used a the repaynwe or such loans and )ce shout, refer,* the day-bat:re &Content., teletarig b PabCtilile 
secunbes to- discussion of any such lending relationships TheFederaiReserveremees that JPMS oaten your cement bebree can °bran caftan nformabon tram its bank a NR affiliates octucing vat aces! cake:cop/ )ou We and assume met war conbnumg to 
tensed busyness wet ..OPMSl wit consblute your Omseid 10 me sharing of such .nkarelscoDyJPMSI Sal its banker Moll elneates. to the extentmonth:id yaw 
JPAtorgen Awe* Bank is 0,e marketing nen* for the peak benlung boson, conducted styJPAlotgen Cease S CO through ¢a subsdremes noted.. madding JPMCB end JP44S1 
Page 16 of 16 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00033713 
SDNY_GM_00302911 
EFTA01508441
