---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01512124_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01512124.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 799
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:48.274103
---

JPMorgan 0 
Private Bank 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
Account Number 
March 01. 2007 - March 31, 2007 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service specialist it you mink yOur SUMMON It McCain! a, you require eddiTIOnal inkrmadOn about. damn bon on your statement. 
JPSIS1 is a mambo, of Me Secure:as 'overact Protection execration (51PC*) • nob/aneroid membership ccrporebon funded by twohandoefers registered with the Secu✓rites and ExchargeCommus,on &metres and ash nMf fa a cvskeree at !PUS ere protected by 
SIPC up to S500.000 pa custom,. who* includes up to 5100000 o ("Mace la cash SIPC does not protect teens! kat* tom ilboluebone Al the valued the sect/ass Assets heti or custody by 'Pilaw 
Chase Bank NA (the *Booklet. tot sis5,ect b SIPC. 
You rney organ Somata, *bout &PC. including the &PC Brochtve on lbw **AM a rwww sec roe' a Dy cornicing min • t (2603714300 
JP Mx gen Seamiest% . JPMcvgen ChsseBank NA. a Mee Writes0h* Wgen Convenes, may good, ednahatabee.CuStOclaat SO M. ebsetubOn a shirehOklaserviCestOJPMagan Funds, AnsivranCentuyFunds. a funds Mlatilished. SpOnSOred. (Kfreect 
renegedby Mod pates and the Magian Comemes may to ccerpmated fa such scroces 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR SAM MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Meese review your account statement and promptly report any InaCCulaCy a 
OISCMpanCy including possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, and unaccounted cash positions in writing. 
Any oral 
communication should be re-confirmed in writing to Anther protect your rights, including your rights under the Secunties Investor Protection Act (SIPA). If you have any questions, please contact your JPMSI Account Reemergence 
a JPISSJ COMiallenee Depenznitrit at (2/2) *3-2323. 
Pease /sop toe fal1,1100 in mod when van; toes statement to beck IoM JPMSI aortae* achhoy TALS staMment COmbmeS yew general mem, amount alb the SpeCoal eneakranclum amount moored by Sector 220 6 Reatationi 
As roe used by Regulation T a 
permanen recced al 'ow seperefeaccount is emeableimon yaw request 
Important Intormabon about Pricing and Valuations. 
Roes sone of whort are provided by promo **noes acmes sources when we doom re*ablo re not guaranteed to *aura-vain reeked* valves 
Free cede balances 
your account wend segregased and may De used to the now eon Of IPUSts business. 30,010 the OnatiabOaS CI SEC Rultrlac3,1 Unless Othereee mead 
JAW& a its *gents end depOsdorres we held pub secuntes Upon WV demand 
JPMSI wet pay to you the amount 
 
dew treeamStbalance and ma doer.: fl a 
ludy-ped secuntes hold on yes behalf 
Inttrellme be ChargedOn any debt balance the method OiCakutatIngottveStiS described 0 a Wee sent to at enagantutomers. 
You /nova have iecereedsepa ge..1PMSt coat manors kr each MC400.3 Wen sachan AN Dinette's treat/text to the terra and COndtbne elated do the ntreeneeldeOf Ewen COntionabOns end re subject 10 the cOnsteutiOn. by-lava. Custom and WerpretiftOnSCI the 
molotpleoarolloy executed and governed by and construed in axadance.th the laws once Sage of New Yak end at applocabielederallaws and regulations Further ordarnaton wen respect to comendascru and other charges related to the executian of liana -hens 
madame options fransecbms. has beenincluded m confernsbons Mel were preesauslyfu✓mated to sou Upon written request 'MASI wmpmnwb, supplyyou wet the latest such information 
if a patWmtis made with reaped to an issue ol secunbes =Wed in your Margo Account we not diccatethe cal by a method we deer n far end °quotable 
You must prong* advise -PM& ol metenalchanges in yaw investment objectives a finance, 'situation Unless you inkrm JAN& Whammy. JP...Gime comsat:Mittman,» currennym its Ales to be template and actuate 
JPMSI is not a bank and is a seen* legal entity tants bank a Ova athletes. 0cArdng JPAIC8 The eeCunlieS sod offered a reconvnended by.,IPMS1-
(I) Are not insured by the Federal Depose Mu rem Coperebon a any cener goeernmental agency 
(2) Are not deposes a Other otagettMS Of JPMSIS berg a Milt ellasSes (unless otherwise indcated). end we not guaranteed by a Ike responalbety d any such tieiheted(unless eV/eft Stall other 
Wee). and 
(3) Imam "vestment risks. inckdrigeossible loss ate* ermcsial "nested 
JPMSIs banking elAirales may be amdtra b sass 01 .Ma 'Sea that JPMSI ondermaes 
**oh case proceeds of OnevingS under.,  lien by JP11,51rney De used ter the tepaynWVOt such loans ant )ter shout, mien* not diSCIaSunt &Content., nalabn g o pence* 
securities la docussion or any such lending relationships The FederalReser meowed that JPMS oaten your cement babret can °bran caftan informebon born its bank a taR arfaustes octuzing ones as'! makeaboncl pcu IYe will assume mat war =Among la 
transact business weft JPMSI witmnstWre your Omsent bee sharing of such tnernettcoDyJPMSteal its bank°,  MR elnaeletto the extent pet naffed 
 
yaw 
JP%forgen Female Ban* o me marketing nen. for the aware Panama Deanna conducted by J P Hagan Chose S Co through is subsdevoo waidwde. inclUdeng JPMCB end JPMSI 
Page 14 of 14 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00037970 
SDNY_GM_00307168 
EFTA01512124
