---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01511563_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01511563.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 727
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:48.170590
---

04 
Account Number 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. 
April 01, 2003 - April 30, 2003 
JPMorgan Chase Bank 
2003 
345 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10154-1002 
II3JPMorgan 
Private 
Bank 
Asset Account Portfolio 
Page 8 of 10 
In Case of Emses or Questions About Your St:Ronk Transfer*. 
Contact sax Morgan Teem al aged the **phone numbers on the frontal this statement a wile us et 500 Stambn ChrisbensRced. //OAS Newark OE IBM-2107 as seen as you can epee the* you stsiement is wrong a /you need mare ankemsitinatiout a transfer 
on the statement We must nee eom you no lake than 60 days VW we sent you the FIRSTslament on Pesch the (Neva Feartem(ippeanfel OPUS tit your narneend earthint nuntMe (2)Onagnth4400/Ct OP 'WS* >Cu WO 4144/0•00ut 1/4 4r460444 040/k 
you can why you teneve it 4 vl ono, a why you need mate intorrnstron (3)Mal us the ON* *mount Of Me suspected NW Ifyou COMP: us or
 sou must send isS your cOmptaort 0' Ouestar in men, wlerm 10 Dunned* MI in as 10 preffNeyOu MN* We wN 
investgahNuto arid usiN and will correct any eerceNomptty If we take Mug Men 10 buagkeSt daystO 00 pus (20 days kr pudilifla atop your debit Cell Cr fOr internabOneltanSeCtiOna). we wet 0404 yOur OCCOuallOr M elnOunts:o Molt Ur eta. s0 Mat year sad have 
the use of money Owing Me tone 4 tales 4914 complete our 04030qMon 
In case of errors or questions about your statement. socludmg your tine of credit. 
if you frhnic that me statement is occorect al you need mow mg:emotion about a trunsacton on sour statement mcMling a An. of asiO4 ensschtst you must weds to us on a sepwato shoe desalt:mg Its eta and send to.IFIlorpan 
Private Bank. SW Slonlon C44shsna Row, vOPS3 Newark OE 19713.2107 We must her Sons you no SW Man BO days WIrte the statement on whet,* gear a problem appeared is sent You can corded yorockent sea speausast but 
doing so war not prosegio nun opts 
In you IS. please peende the fiNtOwinp oiketniton fl) yOur name and account number. (2) the fl aw amount d the suspected W0 and (3) • deagripbona its Ma and *SAWA 'lye° Can. why you Mete Mara b an arm 1I you need 
inn infamatien. you must *SONO th0 item you *murmur* about 
The St/organ Funds or The JAW:open terstingronal Funds or The American Century Funds 
.013 Morgan Funds Distrbutse Incur* distibutor of Vs J P Morgan Funds and Arrencen Century:rim:Work Sonxes Inc is the distnautor el the Ann an CenturpFunds JPAkegan ImostmeMM0 
nen floc and Arran:an Cambay InvestmentManagementsento as 
investment advisers to gear respectnetund bind*: Seams dribs kinds are not bank deposits aril are not guaraniced by any bank gmernmententity, or the FCC Returnend shampoos wet fluctuate and redemption value may be owe or loss than errata: 
Whie Na 
mcisaymaiket urds seek to mantavita sable not asset retied SI CO prams Morns no essurancethat they nil conhoue to do so The estimated sonnet income and dividend yoga !gores ke mutual funds representPie funds' most recent income dividend annueiced 
If you have chosen one of Me sweep mutual funds. you are meted Mai posibbets intimPrints Money Market Sweep Fund ,.premed hoilings is Me JAWaven Akre Money Markel Fund positions in the Federal Money Mute! Sweep Fred 
represent Inkings in the JPAgorgan Federal Money Market Fund and pososns n Me Tait Ennui Money Market Sweep Fund reposer% holdings in Me JPItagen Tax ant 
Money Martel Fund. 
JPMorgan Private Bend is the ~deg name for Me private banking business Condected by J P Morgan Chase it Ca through ifs subsdiaried waldwde. including illTiMergan Chase Bonk J.P. Maven Trust Company. NA. andJ P Maw Searibes Inc 
JINASI of a number of the Secunbes Myna" Prolselson Ca ponston (SIFC).• not-Iceiprobt erransiweshdocoporaton funded by frobteideakesreggittered inch the StNunbes and ExcharN•Cornmisson WCprotects seamless and cosh held Ice a CUSIOIYIW account at 'PSIS, 
up to TE00.000 which included up I T100.000 Of proscoon wash. The balance Of Is account PrOe0C60// which s Wowed., Si excess S/PC includes up /0 an addrtunal IMMO of peotection la' oast, and S49500.000 liso any one amtvrer This excess &PC 
congerdred knifed to an aggregand amOunt d$250000.000 by aemey bond issued by a reblpr commit& insurance:Amer Assets ham nn custody by JPVC13 are not subset10 SIPC coverage 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00037391 
SDNY_GM_00306589 
EFTA01511563
