---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01508595_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01508595.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 802
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:48.060076
---

JPMorgan 0 
Private Bank 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
Account Number 
July 01, 2007 - July 31, 2007 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service specialist it you Mink yOur Statement It Meaner a, you require addiTIOnal inkrmatlOn about. transecbon on your statement. 
JPMSI is a mamba, of the Securities Menke Protection execration (51C*) • nobaaprold membership ccrporabon funded by Ischer-datiers regale:wad with the Seca dos and ExchargeCommos.on Secaties and ash hen ke a custom' at !PUS aepiakctd by 
SIPC up to S500.000 pa customer. wach ariudes up kr 5100000 otpeotecticn la cash SIPC does not protect venal losses boni ilboluebone Al the valued the sect/ass Assets heti or custody by 'Mogan Chase Bank NA (the *Booklet. not ast,ect b SIPC. 
You rnsy oaten Somata, *bout &PC. including the s,
 Greenlee on lbw **AS • rwww 
ay a Dy coaxing Mem • t (260371.8300 
JP Ma gen Seamiest% . JPMcvgen Cause Bank NA. a Mee addetes (the Wain Can enes,may good, ednanaltabre.CustOdial. Seto& asesbubOn a shirehOklaserviCeet0JPMagan Fund& Anstnam Coats yFunds. a funds ealateshadepOnaCired. &Need a 
managed by Mad pates and the Mogan Camomile:, may Co ccerpossated fa such wows 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR JPMSI MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Meese review your account statement and promptly report any Inaccuracy or discrepancy inch:Ong possible unauthorized trading activity, unrecorded dividend payments, and unaccounted casts positions in writing. 
Any oral 
communication should be neconamed in writing to Author protect your rights, including your rights under the Secunoes Investor Protection Act (SIPA). If you have any questions, please contact your JPMSI Account Representatrve 
a JPISSJ Compliance Depanznitrit at (2/2) 182-2323. 
Pease keep ie tatmong in mod when Wm, toes Statement IP ha Its JPMSI &awe?* achety TALS staMment ComatneS yew griever moron amount wen Me SpeCoal men'efanclum account tepuxed by Section 220 6 Reatationi As rea used by Regulation T a 
permanent accede/ sour septrebeaccount is matabbupon yea request 
Important Intormabon about Pricing and Valuations. 
Roes sone of which are provided by pricing Wynn a OM. Mean whch we deem MAable tee not guaranteed let OCCureCy a as reeked* ve.kieS 
Free credit balances 
you account we not segregated and may De used to the c eratonOf IPUSla business. subject 10 the MaltsbOn$ of SEC Rultrlac3,1 Unless Othereee mead JAW& a its *gene and depPetarres wet 6010 puv secontee Upon WV demand 
JAWS) wit pay to you the amount d yoa treecrodtbalance and was doh. e b p fuly-paid mantes held an law behalf 
Interellme be Charged On any debt balance the maned OiCatutatIngottveStiS described on a tone' sent to at maim antonws. 
You /nova have tecereedsept raNJPMSt coat mebons for each MC400.3 ten social An Deneectats we subesa to the terra and CaldtOne elated On the ntivereeldeOfeuth COntronabOns and we subplot 10 the cOnsteutiOn. by-leveS. Custom and WitrpretabOnSCI the 
maletplaceolwe executed and powered by and cense Led in excedanceiwth the laws of pa Sate of New Yak end at applocabletaderallews and regulations Furth, ardarnebon wen re:patio carerhsaces and other charges related to the execution of transectavas 
madding options fransactons. has been Mauled An confernatons that were preyouslyfu malted to you Upon eaten request JPMSwIDwmnpflysuppyyou wet Ilse latest such information 
If a sate cake made with reaped to an issue a secunbes =Wed in your Margo Account we wan diccatethe cal by a method we dean far sal °eatable 
You must prong* *dose 
of matenalchanges ingot investment objectrees a finance, 'situation Unless you clam JAMS °therms* JPIASJ wW comsat Me iniormaboncurrentlyin its Mos to be oorreskste and accosts 
JPMSI is not a bank and a a Sean* legal entity tom its bank a tan afraeles. ocardng JPFACS The Secunoes sod offered a reconvnended by.,IPMS1-
(I) Are not insured by the Federal Depose Insurance Corporation a any other goeernmenal agency 
al Are not deposes a other otegationS Ca JPMSIS bank a tart elleeSes (unless otherwise indcated). and we not guaranteed by a Ike responalbaty d any when afideted(unless eV/eft stall OPtenve0). and 
(3) Inert* "ailment halm inckdrig possible toss ate* pence:sal tweeted 
JPMSIs banking eiNialea may to koncItta b sass d SeCunteS Med JPMSI ondermaes 
**oh case proceeds of alevingS under., nen by JPMSI ow be used for the repaynwe or such loans and )co shout, refer,* In. dalCbSunt4PCumentS relating,' penal* 
securities b' docussion of any such lending relationships The FedereiReservereqwea that JPMS obtain sour consent babret can °bran caftan nformabon horn its banka tan *bream inctucing Mat aces! ealveboncl )ou 1* will assume Mat war conbnumg to 
transact Wanes, nth ..OPMSl bra constitute vain:email10Mo sharing of such tnkareltcoDyJPMSIElett its Dinka Mal Wheat to the extent damneder y 
JPMorgan Rine* Bank is me marketing neine for Me aware berthing busneSSCOrcluCted sty J P Mayen Chose S Co eacuah as subsdesnes sooldn de. inclUdeng JPMCB and JPMSI 
Page 19 of 19 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00033909 
SDNY_GM_00303107 
EFTA01508595
