---
source_image: "email-screenshot__EFTA01505965_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01505965.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 741
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:51:47.816541
---

07 2003 
JPMorgan Chase Bank 
.345 Park As enue, New York, NY IIII54-loo2 
Account Number 
Asset Account Portfolio 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY INC 
July 01, 2003 - July 31, 2003 
O JPNlorgan Private Bank 
Page 62 cl 65 
In Case of Errors or OuestlOns About Your Electron Transfer*. 
Contact )or.. Morgan Teem all dad 0e **phone numbers on the frontal this sidemen( or mte us • 500 Stambn ChrisbensRoed. //OAS Newark DE I P713-2107 as awn as yew can two Sin y0u stsiament is wrong a 1 wu needn't'se ankemsfnabout a transfer 
on the statement We must nea, born ,ow no late than 60 days al* we not yOtt the FIRSTal•Soment on *nth the era** peOThemeppeanft) (I) Tea tit your nand end Wadi inter (2)Onaan ma fined The nal* >04i Ira uftweabOut Mid expbmaa den as 
you Can why you tone/. wt 4 en encfa why you need more ritoriretion (NNW us 0$ don amount of re Suspend WY If you COnlaa us or N you must send isS Wur ca plant 0' buena in masa/ *Om 10 Dunn* Wye M as 10 pretends%•• non We wit 
.nvestga/orxe mmpalial and will care I any manor ©my It we take Mora Than 10 damn. WA 1000 pus (20 days kr Ma hn* Wog your thkill Wild& ininatrOntrineCtind. we welded:sad Wean la ON Maud you Me* it in old. SO Mat you wit have 
the we of entwVy0wing Me one 4 Mass IN to COmpiere Our .nveStigelon 
It, case awn 
or questions about your statement. including your tine of credit. 
If wu frank that yore statement d ocaroct a I you need nom **emotion about a taaanclon on pour •Wenuni ocning a An. of a•04 tansoctica. you must write lo us on a Jenne snit Owning Zr. rimy and and t to.diforpsh 
Pinto Bank. 500 Shinn Ovations Road vOPS3 Ind*, OE 19713.2107 We must nee born you no MW Mn 00 days WIse the darn 
on whoa U. nor a robin append Assn You can cored you Went sane swan! but 
doing sown not own* your inns 
In Weskit*. Oen node the Wowing tikondon f yin name and account numb*: (2) the clOIRkr amount d the suspected Wet. an 
WNWINOW CC Ste eta and WOMAMCAd you OW way you POW* Mae is SI arra It you need 
ion inkamettaa. you must *tine Me lion you we &MUM WOO 
The SP/organ Funds a The JAMergan tipstMtronal Funds or The Andean Century Funds 
J P Morgan Funds thsnuke Inc ante &Winos ot 
J P Morgan Funds and AI-renew Century: westing Snipes Inc a Me &snubs of the Annan CenturpFunds JPMagan ft stments.oywMdInc and Arnow tenni). Investment Management servo as 
imadmentadows to Mar eespectne fund Sanas Shares d tee kinds are not bank deposits and are not guaranked by any bank gmernmontentity, a the F0C Return end shampoos wit Munster and redentan valuemay be mina loss than moonset While the 
moisoymarket Surds seek to mantan a stable net asset vM,ed SI CO wean twee no &summated( they wd continue to do so The *Olmsted nod income and direidenesed lodes ke muln funds repieserne funds' most recent income Wicked annuned 
If you have chosen one of Me sweep mutual funds. spode netted Mal poises in the Awe Money Market Sweep Fund aapresent hangs n Me A:Mann Ain Money Markel Fund peahens n the Federal Money Medal Sweep F urd 
sepresent InkIngs in the JPIAorgan Federal Money Men Fund and posows n the Tax Event Money Market Sweep Fund tensest holdings in Me JPOtergen Tax Exenp Money Martel Fund 
JPMorgan Awn Benk a She ~helm name for Me private banking business co doted by J Priloyan Chase it Ca through 'Ts subsidiaries naincle. including JEMergen Chase Bonk J.P. Morgan Trust Company. NA. andJ P Mayan Sectvites Inc 
JP/ASt a a non of Me SecunbesInvosla•Proafehon 
powaron (WC). a not-rce.pront enanIxwahoocwpowanon funded by twoWsw.deakvsregoSeved foth ine &Nunn and Exchn•Commisson SIPC protects aeones and ash neid fa a CUSIOMW account at JPMSI 
up ID 5300.000 which included tin a 5100000 Or prcenon by cam. The bounced Me account prooscoon wrigh 4 ferefred10 as excess SIPC innate up ban additond IMMO ol protean ke cash and lagb00.000 Ict any one customer This excess &PC 
wino a kind to an aggregated timOunl d$250000.000 by a Surety bond ined by a maps comment asurancenner Assets nee on custody by JPVCI3 rent subset to SIPC nerve 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00030950 
SDNY_GM_00300148 
EFTA01505965
