# EFTA02276650

> ⚠️ KEY PERSONS: **GROFF**

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | .1 leevacation©gmail.com> |
| **To** | Lesley Groff EFTA_R1_01091071 EFTA02276650 Les get a ticket from St. Peter to malaga. On late Thursday or early Friday please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail,com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved EFTA_R1_01091072 EFTA02276651 |
| **Sent** | February 18.2019 9:04:47 AM E |
| **Subject** |  |
| **EFTA** | `EFTA02276650` |
| **Flags** | groff |

---

## Content

To: 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Tue 2/19/2019 1:51:01 AM 
Subject Re: Ticket 
Yes! We have Israeli passport details. That is what was provided. So I assume all will be ok for 
you. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb IS, 2019, at 4:54 PM, 
wrote: 
if i am entering as an israeli i don't. when purchasing a ticket the 
information about my passport is already in the ticker? because i am 
waiting for the visa into my russian passport. and if i receive it during 
these days can I change it later? 
irr, 19 Seep. 2019 r. B 00:34, Lesley Groff .c
>: 
Excellent. Ticket is on the way. I'm told you need a visa. .. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 18, 2019, at 4:30 PM, 
<a> 
wrote: 
Hello Lesley. How are you? 
friday is great! Thank you so much! 
nu, 18 Scup. 2019 r. s 23:02, Lesley Groff lesley.jedagmail.com>:
Hi 
The latest flight out on Thursday is 5:20 PM or I can get 
you on an early flight Friday morning at 7 AM... 7 AM arrives at 12 
PM. All connecting. you would have to fly through Helsinki. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: .1 leevacation©gmail.com>
Date: February 18.2019 
9:04:47 AM E 
To: Lesley Groff 
EFTA_R1_01091071 
EFTA02276650

Les get 
a ticket from St. Peter to malaga. On late 
Thursday or early Friday 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jecvacation@gmail,com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01091072 
EFTA02276651

---
*Source: DOJ Epstein Files, DataSet 11, `EFTA02276650.pdf`*