# EFTA02289099

> ⚠️ KEY PERSONS: **GROFF**

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | J leevacationegmail.com> |
| **To** | Lesley Groff les lease or aznie tickts hotel and expenses for visit. . please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacafi n mail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved Sincerely Sincerely EFTA_R1_01119115 EFTA02289100 |
| **Sent** | June 1, 2019 at 7:38:28 AM EDT |
| **Subject** |  |
| **EFTA** | `EFTA02289099` |
| **Flags** | groff |

---

## Content

To: 
Fran: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Fri 6/7/2019 4:18:47 PM 
Subject Re: 
Great! Will work on this... :) 
On Jun 7, 2019, at 11:44 AM, 
Hi Lesley, 
I have great news 
of his visa approved. Could we please get tickets for them fly 
from 
on the morning ( local time) of June 10th to fly to 
and be there on the morning ( local time) so they can pass by the US 
consulate to pick his passport up and fly the same da in the evening ( giving them 
enough time to get his passport) to fly from 
to .? 
And also a ticket for me flying from New York to 
to be there at the same time as. 
do I can greet them at the airport? 
wrote: 
Thank you Lesley. I will need also book a hotel 
for us but let's start from tickets first. Thank you! 
P.S. they will need to return tO 
by June 23rd (local time) day or night doesn't 
matter. 
Many thanks Lesley!!!! 
Let me know, what else is needed 
I will send you their passport info shortly as soon as I get home like in 10 min or so! 
Bc
i 
On Sat, Jun 1, 2019 at 8:50 AM Lesley Groff cc
> wrote: 
Great! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 1, 2019, at 8:43 AM, 
S
. wrote: 
Aww thank you Jeffrey so much!!!* 
and thank you Lesley, I will be in touch as soon as I know when. 
recieved his visa. 
On Sat, Jun I, 2019 at 8:40 AM Lesley Groff a 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01119114 
EFTA02289099

How nice! Just provide me the details when you can ..I'm happy to 
help out. Lesley 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: J leevacationegmail.com>
Date: June 1, 2019 at 7:38:28 AM EDT 
To: Lesley Groff 
les 
lease or aznie tickts hotel and expenses for 
visit. . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return c-mail or by c-mail to jeevacafi n 
mail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Sincerely 
Sincerely 
EFTA_R1_01119115 
EFTA02289100

---
*Source: DOJ Epstein Files, DataSet 11, `EFTA02289099.pdf`*