# EFTA02289249

> ⚠️ KEY PERSONS: **GROFF**

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | J <jeevacation@gmail.com> |
| **To** | Lesley Groff les please orgaznie tickts hotel and expenses for parents visit. . please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved Sincerely EFTA_R1_01119469 EFTA02289251 |
| **Sent** | June 1, 2019 at 7:38:28 AM EDT |
| **Subject** |  |
| **EFTA** | `EFTA02289249` |
| **Flags** | groff |

---

## Content

To: 
From: 
Sent 
Subject Re: 
Fri 0/7/2019 5:12:40 PM 
Ok. Thanks 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 7, 2019, at 12:35 PM, 
wrote: 
Hi Lesley, 
Thank you very much for this! 
Here is a information for their Russian passports (which we use flying internally, 
within the country) for their flight from Ulan-Ude to Moscow: 
Passport info for a flight from Moscow to LA: 
You can send all tickets to me, I will review and send them to my parents. 
Please don't hesitate to call or email me if you have any questions. Many thanks! 
On Fri, Jun 7, 2019 at 12:18 PM Lesley Groff a 
wrote: 
Great! Will work on this... :) 
On Jun 7, 2019, at 11:44 AM 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01119467 
EFTA02289249

Hi Lesley, 
I have great news, my dad got his visa approved. Could we please get tickets for 
them fly from Ulan-Ude, Russia on the morning ( local time) of 
June 10th to fly to Moscow and be there on the morning ( local time) 
so they can pass by the US consulate to pick his passport up and fly 
the same day in the evening ( giving them enough time to get his 
passport) to fly from Moscow to LA? 
And also a ticket for me flying from New York to LA to be there at the same time 
as my parents do I can greet them at the airport? 
Thank you Lesley. I will need also book a hotel 
for us but let's start from tickets first. Thank you! 
P.S. they will need to return tO Ulan-Ude by June 23rd (local time) day or night 
doesn't matter. 
Many thanks Lesley!!!! 
Let me know, what else is needed 
I will send you their passport info shortly as soon as I get home like in 10 min or 
so! 
On Sat, Jun 1, 2019 at 8:50 AM Lesley Groff Ma 
wrote: 
Great! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 1, 2019, at 8:43 AM, 
wrote:
Aww thank you Jeffrey so much!!! 4> 
and thank you Lesley, I will be in touch as soon as I 
know when my dad recieved his visa. 
On Sat, Jun 1, 2019 at 8:40 AM Lesley Groff ‹
> wrote: 
How nice! Just provide me the details when you can 
..1'm happy to help out. Lesley 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_01119468 
EFTA02289250

Begin forwarded message: 
From: J <jeevacation@gmail.com>
Date: June 1, 2019 at 7:38:28 AM EDT 
To: Lesley Groff 
les please orgaznie tickts hotel and 
expenses for 
parents visit. . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Sincerely 
EFTA_R1_01119469 
EFTA02289251

---
*Source: DOJ Epstein Files, DataSet 11, `EFTA02289249.pdf`*