# EFTA02256110

> ⚠️ KEY PERSONS: **GROFF**

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | "jeffrey E." <ieevacation@gm ail.com> |
| **To** | Lesley EFTA_R1_01049133 EFTA02256111 Groff <lesleyjce@gmail .com> lesley lets orgnize tickets for • to london sept 10. also help her find an apt in london thx please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved EFTA_R1_01049134 EFTA02256112 |
| **Sent** | 17 2018 at 3:09:31 PM EDT |
| **Subject** |  |
| **EFTA** | `EFTA02256110` |
| **Flags** | groff |

---

## Content

To: 
From: 
Sent 
Thur 8/23/2018 4:26:01 PM 
Subject Re: London Mel 
Hello Les, 
I am going because of visa issues. It will be lovely that she is there though. It is not without its 
challenges as NYC is by far preferable to me over London and this timeline of packing up my life 
in two weeks is causing me anxiety and some health issues. I had anticipated doing it by October 
15th which is when I legally have to leave. It is next to impossible to find a decent and affordable 
place two weeks out. And as an interior designer, not made easier, as I have high standards and 
my eye sees everything!! 
Anyway, the positives are, I will still come and visit and I am a British Citizen so the opportunity 
and freedom I have there career wise is incomparable to here. Night and day ;) And for that I look 
forward to it and now my life will be pretty different in a positive way!! 
Thank you for your help. lets see if I make the flight or if I have died or had too many nervous 
breakdowns by then!! 
xxx 
On Wed, Aug 22, 2018 at 11:10 AM Lesley Groff 
> wrote: 
Hi ....how about the below...it is the latest flight out on Sept. 10th...Are you moving there 
to be with your sister?I'1'/'/• 
1 BA 
182 10SEP JFK LHR 1100P 1105A 
On Aug 21, 2018, at 5:18 PM, 
wrote: 
Les can you look into options that are on the later side on the 10th, like as close to 
midnight as possible ;) departure and arrival airports not of great concern to me. 
J knows that I am looking into accommodation, but you do what you have to regarding 
letting him know / following up. You can say I told you I am doing it and that I 
would collect options if you need to. I think that it's easier this way because I 
know the transport links to my sister who is just south of the city. So I am 
looking central / south west like Chelsea, South Kensington etc. Close to Victoria 
station which has a direct train to Gatwick and to my sister. 
Thank you so much for your patience and help A 4 4 4 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 21, 2018, at 1:29 PM, Lesley Groff cz.a 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01049132 
EFTA02256110

Great! 
Sent from my iPhonc 
On Aug 21, 2018, at 1:24 PM, 
.ca. 
wrote: 
Thank you Les. I just cmailcd him and am awaiting his 
response 
On Tue, Aug 21, 2018 at 8:25 AM, Lesley Groff <MI
> 
wrote: 
Morning E. Jeffrey is asking me about your ticket. 
Let me know what you decide !! Alesley 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 17, 2018, at 4:53 PM, 
wrote: 
Just need to chat to him about the date les 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 17, 2018, at 3:13 PM, Lesley Groff •<
> 
wrote: 
Happy to help! Will work on 
ticket now. Do you need an 
Airbnb? 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "jeffrey 
E." 
<ieevacation@gm 
ail.com> 
Date:
 17 2018 at 3:09:31 PM EDT 
To: 
Lesley 
EFTA_R1_01049133 
EFTA02256111

Groff 
<lesleyjce@gmail 
.com> 
lesley lets 
orgnize tickets 
for • 
to london 
sept 10. also 
help her find an 
apt in london thx 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01049134 
EFTA02256112

---
*Source: DOJ Epstein Files, DataSet 11, `EFTA02256110.pdf`*