# EFTA02225523

> ⚠️ KEY PERSONS: **GROFF**

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | Lesley Groff |
| **To** | Amex Centurian Trave |
| **Sent** |  |
| **EFTA** | `EFTA02225523` |
| **Flags** | groff |

---

## Content

ok, that totally made me laugh...but then got me thinking!??? who knows!!??? 
Maybe she did! 
On Oct 3 2017, at 5:21 PM Natalia Molotkova 
wrote: 
Oh, wow, may be your mom fell down in the beginning, they said, that that could be' reason two, the egg sr
Regards, 
Natalia (Natasha) Molotkova 
Centurion Relationship Manager 
Hours: Mon through Friday 9AM-530PM EST 
that's what they say ;) 
but I don't think my mom or dad had twins in their family...complete surprise! 
On Oct 3, 2017, at 5:14 PM, Natalia Molotkova ‹
> wrote: 
So, that means that you children can have twins, right? 
Regards, 
Natalia (Natasha) Molotkova 
Centurion Relationshi Mana er 
Hours: Mon through Friday 9AM-530PM EST 
yes...and this is WAY back in the stone age we were born...no fertility drugs...just weird natural causes! We
On Oct 3, 2017, at 5:10 PM, Natalia Molotkova <
 wrote: 
WOW, twin sister, it is amazing!!! 
Regards, 
Natalia (Natasha) Molotkova 
EFTA_R1_00967928 
EFTA02225523

Centurion Relationshi Mana er 
Hours: Mon through Friday 9AM-530PM EST 
yes...I am scared and praying for great weather so many can stand outside with heat lamps! I have, twin si
On Oct 3, 2017, at 5:06 PM, Natalia Molotkova < 
> wrote: 
80 people - it is.lotririiiiiiiiiiiitiiliiiiii
Regards, 
Natalia (Natasha) Molotkova 
Centurion Relationship Manager 
Flours: Mon through Friday 9AM-530PM EST 
thank you! 
On Oct 3, 2017, at 5:03 PM, Natalia Molotkova <a> 
wrote: 
Yes, last 4 digits of social security number. 
Regards, 
Natalia (Natasha) Molotkova 
Centurion Relationship Manager 
Hours: Mon through Friday 9AM-530PM EST 
I want 
to be able to help me out sometimes when it comes to the craziness of changing travel over 
birthday, I am hosting' party for 80 people and my parents will be here fromTX)...I will be busy...I am cone(
millions of changes we did last time with tickets (well, it was over the weekend so I was calling your co-work'
and on Oct. 15th I will be most likely in no cell service areas with my parents (visiting my sisters kid at board 
issues now! What does 
use to identify herself if she calls to change/make travel arrangements? Li
give her all the tools she needs! thanks 
On Oct 3, 2017, at 12:40 PM, Natalia Molotkova a> 
wrote: 
Ok super. Thank you! 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_00967929 
EFTA02225524

On Oct 3, 2017, at 12:40 PM, Natalia Molotkova <
› wrote: 
Yes, she is authorized fro travel and concierge. 
Regards, 
Natalia (Natasha) Molotkova 
ionship Manager 
Hours: Mon through Friday 9AM-530PM EST 
Sent from my iPhone 
To learn more about e-mail security or reperl I suspicious e-mail. please visit us at nmericanexpress com,phishing. 
Ea 2015 American Express. All rights reserved 
American Express uses 3rd party concierge service providers who are not authorized to act on behalf of American Express and you acknowledge that Amer
way responsible or Kahle for the actions of the serwc0 provider and the only remedy for any claims relating t0 services or products provided by the service pr
service provider and not against American Express. You are responsible for any purchases. shipping charges and/or fees you authorize. We reserve the rig
preference data for servicing purposes. 
EFTA_R1_00967930 
EFTA02225525

---
*Source: DOJ Epstein Files, DataSet 11, `EFTA02225523.pdf`*