# EFTA02240349

> ⚠️ KEY PERSONS: **VISOSKI**

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | "jeffrey E." <jeevacationOgmail.com> |
| **To** | lvjet 'games ce I personal genius" https://discussions.apple.com/message/18917009d 189170 09 please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved EFTA_R1_01011115 EFTA02240350 |
| **CC** | Rich Kahn |
| **Sent** | March 28 2018 at 9:30:34 AM EDT |
| **Subject** |  |
| **EFTA** | `EFTA02240349` |
| **Flags** | visoski |

---

## Content

To: 
Cc: 
Rich Kahn 
From: 
Larry Visoski 
Sent 
Wed 3/28/2018 8:00:00 PM 
Subject Re: meet JE at Meridean 
Hi James? 
Can you meet anytime Friday? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Mar 28, 2018, at 3:52 PM, James I personal genius 
wrote: 
Hi Larry, 
Unfortunately, I am unavailable tomorrow AM. 
Thank you, 
James Ce 
your Personal Genius 
E Certified Support Professional 10.6 
http://personalgenius.co 
On Mar 28, 2018, at 3:35 PM, Larry Visoski 
vrote: 
and Jam 
Jeffrey asked me ileould 
set up James to meet us at Teterboro 
airport tomorrow at 10 AM at Meridian aviation to troubleshoot the 
Apple TV issue we are having on the airplane, Jeffrey sent this web 
link below describing the issue we are having on using his video to 
mirror to the LG TV during flight, we have Wi-Fi, Jeffrey was hoping 
James could help troubleshoot this issue, can you arrange for James to 
meet us at meridian tomorrow at 10 AM? 
Meridian, 
485 Industrial Ave., 
Teterboro, NJ 
Let me know if James is able to meet us? Thanks again 
Larry 
N212JE 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
EFTA_R1_01011114 
EFTA02240349

From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacationOgmail.com>
Date: March 28 2018 at 9:30:34 AM EDT 
To: lvjet 
'games ce I personal genius" 
https://discussions.apple.com/message/18917009d 189170 
09 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01011115 
EFTA02240350

---
*Source: DOJ Epstein Files, DataSet 11, `EFTA02240349.pdf`*