# EFTA02288033

> ⚠️ KEY PERSONS: **GROFF**

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | J •<' evacation Agmail,com> |
| **To** | Lesley Groff .c >, les please orgaznie tickts hotel and ex nses for parents visit. . please note The information contained in this communication is EFTA_R1_01116076 EFTA02288036 confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@amail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved Sincerely Sincerely Sincerely EFTA_R1_01116077 EFTA02288037 |
| **Sent** | June 1, 2019 at 7:38:28 AM EDT la |
| **Subject** |  |
| **EFTA** | `EFTA02288033` |
| **Flags** | groff |

---

## Content

To: 
Fran: 
Sent 
1/019 
8:21:34 PM 
Subject Re: 
Hi Lesley, 
Got it. Let me call my parents it's 4:20 am there but I will try to phone in 30-40 min and see what 
time they can pick up the passport otherwise we have to delay the flight for a day 
On Fri, Jun 7, 2019 at 3:48 PM Lesley Groff ‹
> wrote: 
Amex rep response: 
What time they need to pick up passport in the city? 
The thing is, traffic in Moscow that time will be horrible, so to make 2:25pm departure, they will 
have to be at the airport 2-3 hours prior to departure, at 11:25a-12:25pm. So, depends what time 
they are picking up passports, I assume it is at the US Embassy, so it is in the city center. 
Distance from city to Sheremetievo airport is only 22 miles, but it takes at least one hour to get 
there. 
No later flights from 
On Jun 7, 2019, at 2:26 PM, 
It
a 
wrote: 
Hi Lesley, 
Ok...that is pity but she is right. Let's get a ticket flying on Sunday from 
to 
Moscow so that they stay overnight there and fly from Moscow to LA on 
Monday on the latest connecting flight at 2:35 pm. I think should be enough time 
to go into a city and pick up dad's passport, right? 
On Fri, Jun 7, 2019 at 2:15 PM Lesley Groff <
› wrote: 
Thanks. 
I received the below from my Amex agent. Please see below and advise. Maybe 
beat to spend night in Moscow. ... 
Direct flight from Moscow to LA is at 12:00, no wt
Sle 
will have enough time in 
Moscow to go to the city. Flight from 
arrives to different airport in 
Moscow. Latest connecting time from Moscow to LA is at 2:35pm, I still think 
it is not enough time, they will have to stay over night in Moscow, please advise 
(later than 2:35pm will be flight via China, I don't think they want to go back to 
Asia and fly to US, they might need Chinese transit visa). 
Sent from my iPhone 
EFTA_R1_01116073 
EFTA02288033

On Jun 7, 2019, at 1:44 PM, 
wrote: 
Hi Lesley, 
Som yes! 
On Fri, Jun 7, 2019 at 1:13 PM Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Can you add their birthdays please.? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 7, 2019, at 12:35 PM, 
'c
)' wrote: 
Hi Lesley, 
Thank you very much for this! 
Here is a information for their Russian passports 
(which we use fl in internally, within the country) for 
their flight from 
to Moscow: 
Passport info for a tliaht from Moscow to LA: 
You can send all tickets to me, I will review and send them to my parents. 
Please don't hesitate to call or email me if you have any questions. 
Many thanks! 
• 
EFTA_R1_01116074 
EFTA02288034

On Fri, Jun 7, 2019 at 12:18 PM Lesley Groff ‹
> 
wrote: 
Great! Will work on this... :) 
On Jun 7 2019 at 11:44 AM, 
wrote:
Hi Lesley, 
I have great news, my dad got his visa approved. Could we lease get 
tickets for them fly from 
on the morning ( local time) of 
June 10th to fly to Moscow and be there 
on the morning ( local time) so they can 
pass by the US consulate to pick his 
passport up and fly the same day in the 
evening ( giving them enough time to get 
his passport) to fly from Moscow to 
LA? 
And also a ticket for me flying from New York to LA to be there at the 
same time as my parents do I can greet 
them at the airport? 
Thank you Lesley. I will need also book a hotel 
for us but let's start from tickets first. Thank you! 
P.S. they will need to return tO 
by June 23rd (local time) day 
or night doesn't matter. 
Many thanks Lesley!!!! 
Let me know, what else is needed 
I will send you their passport info shortly as soon as I get home like in 
10 min or so! 
SE
t 
On Sat, Jun 1, 2019 at 8:50 AM Lesley Groff MINS> 
wrote: 
Great! 
EFTA_R1_01116075 
EFTA02288035

Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 1, 2019, at 8:43 AM, 
wrote: 
Aww thank you Jeffrey so 
much!!!• 
and thank you Lesley, I will 
be in touch as soon as I 
know when my dad 
recieved his visa. 
On Sat, Jun 1, 2019 at 8:40 AM Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
How nice! Just provide me 
the details when you can 
..I'm happy to help out. 
Lesley 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: J 
•<' evacation 
Agmail,com>
Date: June 1, 2019 at 7:38:28 AM EDT la
To: Lesley Groff .c
>, 
les please 
orgaznie 
tickts hotel 
and ex nses 
for 
parents visit. . 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
EFTA_R1_01116076 
EFTA02288036

confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@amail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
Sincerely 
Sincerely 
Sincerely 
EFTA_R1_01116077 
EFTA02288037

---
*Source: DOJ Epstein Files, DataSet 11, `EFTA02288033.pdf`*