# EFTA02275244

> ⚠️ KEY PERSONS: **GROFF**

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | .1 leevacation®gmail.com> |
| **To** | Lesley Groff Les get a ticket from St. Peter to malaga. On late Thursday or early Friday please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited EFTA_R1_01088938 EFTA02275244 and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved EFTA_R1_01088939 EFTA02275245 |
| **Sent** | February 18 2019 at 9:04:47 AM EST |
| **Subject** |  |
| **EFTA** | `EFTA02275244` |
| **Flags** | groff |

---

## Content

To: 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 2/18/2019 9:54:26 PM 
Subject Re: Ticket 
if i am entering as an Israeli i don't. when purchasing a ticket the information about my 
passport is already in the ticker? because i am waiting for the visa into my 
russian passport. and if i receive it during these days can I change it later? 
Err, 19 +esp. 2019 r. is 00:34, Lesley Groff 
Excellent. Ticket is on the way. I'm told you need a visa. .. 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Feb 18, 2019, at 4:30 PM, 
wrote: 
Hello Lesley. How are you? 
friday is great! Thank you so much! 
nil, 18 4senp. 2019 r. is 23:02, Lesley Groff a: 
Hi 
The latest flight out on Thursday is 5:20 PM or I can get you on an 
early flight Friday morning at 7 AM... 7 AM arrives at 12 PM. All connecting. 
you would have to fly through Helsinki. 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: .1 leevacation®gmail.com>
Date: February 18 2019 at 9:04:47 AM 
EST
To: Lesley Groff 
Les get 
a ticket from St. Peter to malaga. On late Thursday or 
early Friday 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any pan thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_01088938 
EFTA02275244

and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01088939 
EFTA02275245

---
*Source: DOJ Epstein Files, DataSet 11, `EFTA02275244.pdf`*