# EFTA02214987

> ⚠️ KEY PERSONS: **GROFF**

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | "jeffrey E." <jeevacation (Mgmail.com> |
| **To** | Lesley Groff la va@gmail.co m> les, have 'atines set up tv if nec with apple tv please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved EFTA_R1_00942638 EFTA02214989 |
| **Sent** | June 6, 2017 at 4:38:38 PM EDT lim |
| **Subject** |  |
| **EFTA** | `EFTA02214987` |
| **Flags** | groff |

---

## Content

To: 
From: 
Sent 
Wed 6/7/2017 1:5 :49 AM 
SuNect Re: Apple TV? 
Great!! 
Thank you!! 
Ill be waiting for him tomorrow! 
My apt is 31 A 
And my cell : 
Good night Lesley! 
Thank you so much! 
On Tue, Jun 6, 2017 at 9:52 PM Lesley Groff <leslev.jec@gmail.com> wrote: 
James will come see you tomorrow at 3:30 pm! He says your TV will work with Apple TV!! 
Ok? 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 6, 2017, at 6:53 PM, 
wrote: 
Thank You Lesley!!! 
On Tue, Jun 6, 2017 at 6:52 PM Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
great thanks 
On Jun 6 2017 at 6:52 PM, 
wrote: 
<IMG_8619.JPG> 
On Tue Jun 6 2017 at 6:51 PM Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
can you give me make and model number? 
On Jun 6 2017 at 6:50 PM 
t
wrote: 
Thank you!! 
I m not sure about TV cause it's 2012 years. Is it works with Apple TV.. I 
hope so:)) 
EFTA_R1_00942636 
EFTA02214987

On Tue, Jun 6, 2017 at 6:49 PM Lesley Groff <
illa> 
wrote: 
ok super...I'll be in touch. 
does your TV need to be set up as well? 
On Jun 6 20a 
wrote: 
Yes it is. Now m address is 
Apt 31 A 
On Tue, Jun 6, 2017 at 6:46 PM Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
fantastic! 
Let me see if our tech guy is available 
tomorrow afternoon...what is the 
address of where he should go...? I am 
thinking you moved? 
On Jun 6, 2017, at 6:44 
PM amnia A co mega 
tn> wrote: 
Thank you Lesley! 
It would be great! 
Is it possible to do tomorrow afternoon? What should I have any 
cable or router for it ? 
Looking forward for your answer 
Have a good evening! 
And thank you for your help!! 
On Tue, Jun 6, 2017 at 4:41 PM Lesle Groff 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_00942037 
EFTA02214988

Hi 
Please let know 
if you would like Apple 
TV set up in your 
apartment and we can 
organize with our tech guy 
James! 
Sent from my iPhone 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: 
"jeffrey E." 
<jeevacation 
(Mgmail.com> 
Date: June 6, 2017 at 4:38:38 PM EDT lim
To: Lesley Groff la 
va@gmail.co 
m> 
les, have 
'atines set up 
tv if 
nec with 
apple tv 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacationegmail.com and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00942638 
EFTA02214989

---
*Source: DOJ Epstein Files, DataSet 11, `EFTA02214987.pdf`*