# EFTA02256832

> ⚠️ KEY PERSONS: **GROFF**

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | "jeffrey E." <jecvacation@gma il.com> Dateassiust 17 2018 at 3:09:31 PM EDT |
| **To** | Lesley Groff com> lesley lets or tickets for to london sept 10. also help her find an apt in london thx. please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited EFTA_R1_01050173 EFTA02256833 and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved EFTA_R1_01050174 EFTA02256834 |
| **Sent** |  |
| **Subject** |  |
| **EFTA** | `EFTA02256832` |
| **Flags** | groff |

---

## Content

To: 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Wed 8/22/2018 3:10:22 PM 
Subject Re: London trip! 
Hi ....how about the below...it is the latest flight out on Sept. 10th...Are you moving there to 
be with your sister91999.
1 BA 
182 10SEP JFK LHR 1100P 1105A 
On Aug 21, 2018, at 5:18 PM, 
wrote: 
Les can you look into options that are on the later side on the 10th, like as close to 
midnight as possible ;) departure and arrival airports not of great concern to me. 
J knows that I am looking into accommodation, but you do what you have to regarding 
letting him know / following up. You can say I told you I am doing it and that I 
would collect options if you need to. I think that it's easier this way because I 
know the transport links to my sister who is just south of the city. So I am looking 
central / south west like Chelsea, South Kensington etc. Close to Victoria station 
which has a direct train to Gatwick and to my sister. 
Thank you so much for your patience and help AAAAAA 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 21, 2018, at 1:29 PM, Lesley Groff c
 wrote: 
Great! 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 21, 2018, at 1:24 PM, 
Thank you Les, I just emailed him and am awaiting his 
response 
On Tue, Aug 21, 2018 at 8:25 AM, Lesley Groff •r
> 
wrote: 
Morning .. 
Jeffrey is asking me about your ticket. 
Let me know what you decide !! Alesley 
Sent from my iPhone 
wrote: 
EFTA_R1_01050172 
EFTA02256832

On Aug 17, 2018, at 4:53 PM, 
wrote: 
Just need to chat to him about the date les 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Aug 17, 2018, at 3:13 PM, Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
Happy to help! Will work on 
ticket now. Do you need an 
Airbnb? 
Sent from my iPhonc 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "jeffrey E." 
<jecvacation@gma 
il.com> 
Dateassiust 17 2018 at 3:09:31 PM EDT 
To: 
Lesley 
Groff 
com> 
lesley lets or
tickets for 
to 
london sept 10. 
also help her find 
an apt in london 
thx. 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
EFTA_R1_01050173 
EFTA02256833

and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jcevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01050174 
EFTA02256834

---
*Source: DOJ Epstein Files, DataSet 11, `EFTA02256832.pdf`*