# EFTA02287883

> ⚠️ KEY PERSONS: **GROFF**

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | J <jeevacation qmail.com> |
| **To** | Wet Brice , Darren I ndyke Lesley Groff < wheels up at 830 am to alberquequ please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved EFTA_R1_0 1115829 EFTA02287884 |
| **Sent** | May 24, 2019 at T00:45 PM EDT |
| **Subject** |  |
| **EFTA** | `EFTA02287883` |
| **Flags** | groff |

---

## Content

To: 
Sonam Dema(s 
From: 
Lesley Groff 
Sent 
Sat 5/25/2019 11:21:05 PM 
Subject Re: 
Hi Sonam...you can totally stay there if you want...but we have a guest coming to stay in 2G on 
June I...so if you have to be there longer you will need to move. Shall I log you in to apt 2G 
instead of 7J? (I just have to keep track of it all) 
On May 25, 2019, at 7:07 PM, Sonam Dema 
wrote: 
Hi Lesley, 
I am just checking if there is guest staying in apartment 2G tonight? 
I have left my some stuffs In 2G when I am staying there last week in housekeeping 
cabinet in kitchen. So if there is no guest staying tonight there I thought of getting 
it? But if there is guest it's ok not very important 
Thanks 
Sonam 
On Fri, May 24, 2019 at 9:31 PM Lesley Groff <I=MI 
wrote: 
AO 
Sent from my iPhone 
On May 24, 2019, at 8:52 PM, Sonam Dema 
wrote: 
Awesome, thank you so much! 
On Fri, May 24, 2019 at 7:50 PM Lesley Groff 
nrote: 
yes of course! 
you may stay in 7J 
On Ma 24 2019 at 7:20 PM Sonam Dema 
wrote: 
Hi Lesley 
Please Can I have a guest apartment to stay from tomorrow a
 
e 
is 
back. I am cat sitting. 
EFTA_R1_0 1115828 
EFTA02287883

Thanks 
Sonam 
On Fri, May 24, 2019 at 7:04 PM Lesley Groff 
wrote: 
FYI 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: J <jeevacation
qmail.com>
Date: May 24, 2019 at T00:45 PM 
EDT 
To: Wet
Brice 
 
 , Darren 
I ndyke 
Lesley Groff < 
wheels up at 830 am to alberquequ 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@gmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_0 1115829 
EFTA02287884

---
*Source: DOJ Epstein Files, DataSet 11, `EFTA02287883.pdf`*