# EFTA02225614

> ⚠️ KEY PERSONS: **GROFF**

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | "jeffrey E." <jeevacation qmail com> Da |
| **To** | 11:16:18 AM EDT will comet 9th - 11 ? o please note The information contained in this communication is Lesley Groff 11-13 then to switz. then EFTA_R1_00968084 EFTA02225614 confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@amail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved EFTA_R1_00968085 EFTA02225615 |
| **Sent** |  |
| **Subject** |  |
| **EFTA** | `EFTA02225614` |
| **Flags** | groff |

---

## Content

To: 
From: 
Sent 
Mon 10/2/2017 1:34:36 PM 
Subject Re: Flights to/from Paris- quesitons 
*will await to see if any more specifics on times from girls (jobs and what not!) 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Oct 2, 2017, at 9:05 AM 
wrote: 
HIS 
Will do everything today. I know hat topically he likes when the guests land around 
I I/12pm and that when the first guest is leaving the second one is arriving (to use 
the same driver for the pick up). 
Will find out the rest later today! 
On Mon, Oct 2, 2017 at 7:17 AM 
wrote: 
-Please advise i 
is to fly from Moscow to Paris and back to Moscow? 
what time of da 
ch flight? 
-Please advise id 
is to fly from Ekaterinburg (Russia), through Moscow 
and on to Paris? same for return or go to Switzerland? what airport? what time 
of day for each flight? 
-Any more word on 
a
do I have her information? 
Thanks! 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "jeffrey E." <jeevacation
qmail com> 
Da 
To: 
11:16:18 AM EDT 
will comet 
9th - 11 
? o 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
Lesley Groff 
11-13 then to switz. 
then 
EFTA_R1_00968084 
EFTA02225614

confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to jeevacation@amail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_00968085 
EFTA02225615

---
*Source: DOJ Epstein Files, DataSet 11, `EFTA02225614.pdf`*