# EFTA02248947

> ⚠️ KEY PERSONS: **GROFF**

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **From** | "jeffrey E." leevacationaomail com> |
| **To** | Lesley Groff a, Terje Rod-Larsen a Lesc, upgrsde terje to first class first row for his trip to london please note The information contained in this communication is confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may constitute inside information, and is intended only for the use of the addressee. It is the property of JEE Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. If you have received this communication in error, please notify us immediately by return e-mail or by e-mail to joevacationagmail.com, and destroy this communication and all copies thereof, including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved EFTA_R1_01030241 EFTA02248947 |
| **CC** | Terje Red-Larsen[ Bella Klel |
| **Sent** | June 10, 2018 at 2:23:59 PM EDT |
| **Subject** |  |
| **EFTA** | `EFTA02248947` |
| **Flags** | groff |

---

## Content

To: 
Lesley Gro 
Cc: 
Terje Red-Larsen[
 Bella Klel 
From: 
Camilla Reksten-Monsen 
Sent 
Wed 6/13/2018 3:23:16 PM 
Subject Re: Jeffrey Epstein 
Hi Lesley, 
Sony for the delay - we don't actually have the tickets yet (as we weren't sure of when exactly 
we would be leaving before now), but once we have them I'll get back to you! 
Thanks! 
Camilla 
Sent from my iPhone 
On Jun 13, 2018, at 07:36, Lesley Groff < 
wrote: 
Morning! Just following up...I know Jeffrey would very much like to pay to upgrade Teije's 
flight to London....we can just wire the money for the upgrade if you have done so already! 
Please just provide an invoice and bank details...or a check if you prefer. I've included our 
accounting department on this mail and it can be done quickly. Please let me know what you 
wish to do. 
Thank you, 
Lesley 
Assistant to Jeffrey Epstein 
Begin forwarded message: 
From: "jeffrey E." leevacationaomail com> 
Date: June 10, 2018 at 2:23:59 PM EDT 
To: Lesley Groff a, 
Terje Rod-Larsen a 
Lesc, upgrsde terje to first class first row for his trip to london 
please note 
The information contained in this communication is 
confidential, may be attorney-client privileged, may 
constitute inside information, and is intended only for 
the use of the addressee. It is the property of 
JEE 
Unauthorized use, disclosure or copying of this 
communication or any part thereof is strictly prohibited 
and may be unlawful. If you have received this 
communication in error, please notify us immediately by 
return e-mail or by e-mail to joevacationagmail.com, and 
destroy this communication and all copies thereof, 
including all attachments. copyright -all rights reserved 
EFTA_R1_01030241 
EFTA02248947

---
*Source: DOJ Epstein Files, DataSet 11, `EFTA02248947.pdf`*