---
title: "DS10 EFTA01726367 victim/minor review"
doc_type: "read-queue"
topic: "victim-statements"
dataset: 10
file: "EFTA01726367.pdf"
rank: 85
total_hits: 57
victim_hits: 0
minor_hits: 6
underage_hits: 51
generated: "2026-02-12T18:47:17+00:00"
---

# DS10 EFTA01726367.pdf

- **Queue Rank:** 85
- **Dataset:** DS10
- **Source PDF:** `EFTA01726367.pdf`
- **Source Path Hint:** `[local-path]`
- **Hits:** total `57` | victim `0` | minor `6` | underage `51`

## Context Excerpts

### Victim

No excerpts captured in context index.

### Minor

1. pos `21955`
   > and his New York residence, 9 E. 71st Street, New York, NY 10021. Based on the ongoing criminal investigation, the PBCRA is requesting assistance in establishing Epstein's criminal activity utilizing interstate commerce and the travel in interstate commerce to engage in illicit sexual conduct and prostitution. On 10 05/2007, was telephonically interviewed. advised t at s e an a ditional minor females had participated in similar activity with Epstein in the New York area. Epstein utilized the same modus operandi which has been documented in multiple interviews of minor females in the Palm Beach, Florida area. Prior to conducting captioned lea ds requested that the lead agent(s) contact SA M-= for investigative direction an questions. 3 EFTA01726384 To: New York From: Miami
2. pos `22137`
   > al activity utilizing interstate commerce and the travel in interstate commerce to engage in illicit sexual conduct and prostitution. On 10 05/2007, was telephonically interviewed. advised t at s e an a ditional minor females had participated in similar activity with Epstein in the New York area. Epstein utilized the same modus operandi which has been documented in multiple interviews of minor females in the Palm Beach, Florida area. Prior to conducting captioned lea ds requested that the lead agent(s) contact SA M-= for investigative direction an questions. 3 EFTA01726384 To: New York From: Miami Re: 31E-MM-108062, 02/06/2008 LEAD(s): Set Lead 1: (Action) NEW YORK AT NEW YORK, NY • Locate and interview DOB cellular telephone •atabase reflects her most recent addres
3. pos `22594`
   > conducting captioned lea ds requested that the lead agent(s) contact SA M-= for investigative direction an questions. 3 EFTA01726384 To: New York From: Miami Re: 31E-MM-108062, 02/06/2008 LEAD(s): Set Lead 1: (Action) NEW YORK AT NEW YORK, NY • Locate and interview DOB cellular telephone •atabase reflects her most recent address as New York, NY. Determine from any additional minor females who may have interacted with captioned subjects. Set Lead 2: (Action) NEW YORK AT MASTIC, NY Locate and interview DOB telephone Choice oint database re ects her most recent address as , Mastic, NY. Determine from III any additional minor females who may have interacted with captioned subjects. • • 4 EFTA01726385 . • •FD-302 (Rev. 1049$) : 1- FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATI
4. pos `22851`
   > • Locate and interview DOB cellular telephone •atabase reflects her most recent address as New York, NY. Determine from any additional minor females who may have interacted with captioned subjects. Set Lead 2: (Action) NEW YORK AT MASTIC, NY Locate and interview DOB telephone Choice oint database re ects her most recent address as , Mastic, NY. Determine from III any additional minor females who may have interacted with captioned subjects. • • 4 EFTA01726385 . • •FD-302 (Rev. 1049$) : 1- FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION Date of transcription 10/09/2007 date of birth , was . telephonically interviewed regarding a federal investigation involving the sexual exploitation of minors. After being advised of the ideniiiilif the interviewing agent and the nature of the in
5. pos `23160`
   > base re ects her most recent address as , Mastic, NY. Determine from III any additional minor females who may have interacted with captioned subjects. • • 4 EFTA01726385 . • •FD-302 (Rev. 1049$) : 1- FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION Date of transcription 10/09/2007 date of birth , was . telephonically interviewed regarding a federal investigation involving the sexual exploitation of minors. After being advised of the ideniiiilif the interviewing agent and the nature of the interview, provided the following information: IIIIII believed she first met JEFFREY EPSTEIN during the end of her Junior Year. was attending the Avenue. School located near III. Street an Last Name Unknown(LNU told she could make a lot of money providing a quick massage. was taken by LNU to EPSTEIN
6. pos `30695`
   > ............... r r r r r r t 1.7 ra t TR! ciiiS (limn) ttopyr ght (c) 2000-2004, Epstein Interests, Inc. All Rights R•servec 4/11/2005 EFTA01726390 EFTA01726391 74- rte.,- it iLizZ `7/1.- eil - EFTA01726392 Ffyl02 (Re.:. 10.6-95) - I - FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION WW of transcription 0 7 / 14/2008 Pursuant to a federal investigation regarding the sexual exploitation of minors, I was interviewed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). After being advised of the identity of the interviewing agents and purpose of the interview, voluntarily provided the following information: n they were students in a hoto ra hy class at High School believed she met during her sophomore year at S. i also advised that she was introduced to by Last Name Unknown (LNU). t

### Underage

1. pos `52285`
   > Use' ESN Model RETAIL Lock Code 03216547070 Hex-20FC7CFE A570 sAmsuNc A570 •I 'H'-Hotlined I I ++ Enter-Accept Esc-Exit cphninq + Functions Available Fl - Forward F2- F3 - Show Services F4 - Free Minutes NO F5 - Trouble Ticket NO F6 - Switch Manager F7 - Rate Plan Analysis F8 - Minute Ad3ustments Backwardl • EFTA01726409 Prince Andrew's friend, Ghislaine Maxwell, some underage girls and a very disturbing story I the ...Page 1 of 17 • Daitu lflail - 24 HOURS A DAY - Afternoon Evening 23°C * 10°C Weather Weather POOLSIDE PASSION FOR JEN Jennifer Aniston's romance with singer John Mayer seems to be hotting up ...more Skip over navigation « Back to home Main sections 0. • Dailymail.co.uk • Fetnail • News • Health • Horoscopes • Tv & showbiz • Showbiz v
2. pos `53238`
   > ners • Cut your bills • Diet centre • Mail wine club • Dating • Money shop • DVD rental • Free online games • Mailpictures PO Find a holiday .18 Find a home .1 0 Find me a date/11a Find me a car .1 Five day fovecisl http://www.dailymail.co.ukipages/live/femail/article.hunl?in_article_id=483401&in_page_id=187.. 5/13/2008 EFTA01726410 Prince Andrew's friend, Ghislaine Maxwell, some underage girls and a very disturbing story I the ...Page 2 of 17 Mail extras • Primary school league tables • The Reading Room • Mac cartoons • Funny viral emails • Joe cartoons • Email newsletters • Send a LOVEFilm Giftbox Advertorials • Win a trip on the Orient Express • Win garden furniture with Miracle Gro • Mitsubishi - £10 M&S voucher • Driving with pets • Car flirting • More Than Car
3. pos `53888`
   > in a trip on the Orient Express • Win garden furniture with Miracle Gro • Mitsubishi - £10 M&S voucher • Driving with pets • Car flirting • More Than Car Insurance • The low emission zone • Win a PGL holiday for the family http://www.dailymail.co.uldpages/live/femail/article.html?in_article_id=483401&in page_id=187... 5/13/2008 EFTA01726411 Prince Andrews friend, Ghislaine Maxwell, some underage girls and a very disturbing story I the ... Page 3 of 17 RSS feeds r CPAS. • What is RSS? • All our RSS feeds • Login • Register • Text-based site • Accessibility • Contact us • Need help? • Site map • Make us your homepage Do you have a complaint against this rimspaper? • If you have a complaint about the editorial content in this website which concerns inaccuracy or hup://www.dai
4. pos `54452`
   > • Accessibility • Contact us • Need help? • Site map • Make us your homepage Do you have a complaint against this rimspaper? • If you have a complaint about the editorial content in this website which concerns inaccuracy or hup://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/femail/article.hunl?in_article_id=483401&in_page_id=187... 5/13/2008 EFTA01726412 Prince Andrew's friend, Ghislaine Maxwell, some underage girls and a very disturbing story I the ... Page 4 of 17 intrusion and the article directly affects you, then click here for more details Business type Location This site Business directory Search the Mail online Advanced Scarch 40 This site C Business directory 13 May 2008 Login » Register )) Femail Prince Andrew's friend, Ghislaine Maxwell, some underage girls and a very disturbing s
5. pos `54822`
   > iend, Ghislaine Maxwell, some underage girls and a very disturbing story I the ... Page 4 of 17 intrusion and the article directly affects you, then click here for more details Business type Location This site Business directory Search the Mail online Advanced Scarch 40 This site C Business directory 13 May 2008 Login » Register )) Femail Prince Andrew's friend, Ghislaine Maxwell, some underage girls and a very disturbing story By WENDY LEIGH - More by this author » Last updated at 11:11am on 23rd September 2007 Comments (7) Royal appointment: Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein at Sandringham in 2000 hap://www.dailymail.co.uldpages/live/femail/article.hunrin_article_id=483401&in_page_id=187... 5/13/2008 EFTA01726413 Prince Andrew's friend, Ghislaine Maxwell, some underage girls
6. pos `55216`
   > some underage girls and a very disturbing story By WENDY LEIGH - More by this author » Last updated at 11:11am on 23rd September 2007 Comments (7) Royal appointment: Ghislaine Maxwell and Jeffrey Epstein at Sandringham in 2000 hap://www.dailymail.co.uldpages/live/femail/article.hunrin_article_id=483401&in_page_id=187... 5/13/2008 EFTA01726413 Prince Andrew's friend, Ghislaine Maxwell, some underage girls and a very disturbing story I the ...Page 5 of 17 Seduced by power: 'I made a pact with the devil', says httpi/www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/femail/article.html?in article id=483401&in page ic1=187... 5/13/2008 EFTA01726414 Prince Andrew's friend, Ghislaine Maxwell, some underage girls and a very disturbing story I the ... Page 6 of 17 Friends in high places: Prince Andrew at a party
7. pos `55508`
   > rticle_id=483401&in_page_id=187... 5/13/2008 EFTA01726413 Prince Andrew's friend, Ghislaine Maxwell, some underage girls and a very disturbing story I the ...Page 5 of 17 Seduced by power: 'I made a pact with the devil', says httpi/www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/live/femail/article.html?in article id=483401&in page ic1=187... 5/13/2008 EFTA01726414 Prince Andrew's friend, Ghislaine Maxwell, some underage girls and a very disturbing story I the ... Page 6 of 17 Friends in high places: Prince Andrew at a party in June Most popular stories Femail Entire site x. • What NOT to wear for your age this summer • A 15-year-old girl explains why she ran off with an unemployed father-of-three ... and her mother tells how it broke her heart • Last man standing: How Peter O'Toole outlived cinema's bigg
8. pos `56319`
   > hellraisers • The new summer dress rules: The lowdown on the hottest styles around for this summer • The ultimate jewellery box: An exhibition of the most beautiful jewellery ever created Mortdetailed results Email newsletter http://www.dailymailco.uk/pages/live/femail/article.html?in_article_id=483401&in_pagejd=187... 5/13/2008 EFTA01726415 Prince Andrew's friend. Ghislaine Maxwell. some underage girls and a very disturbing story I the ... Page 7 of 17 Get thealail ONLINE delivered to your inbox... click here » Have your say What has been the greatest fashion invention ever?  Push-up bra  Boot cut jeans  Pull-in pants  Little Black dress More polls » Prince Andrew, Bill Clinton and Donald Trump are among his closest friends. He is on first name terms with the Hollywood glit
9. pos `57298`
   > ionaire, polymath and noted charitable donor who makes his money managing the multi-billion dollar financial portfolios of a wealthy elite. But the greying 54-year-old will soon be swapping his sea views and Manhattan skylines for the harsher surroundings of a US prison cell. After two years of investigation, claim and counterclaim, Epstein is about to plead guilty to a charge of soliciting underage girls for sex and is likely to spend 15 months behind bars. It is an astonishing fall from grace, and will be endlessly distressing to a man who prides himself on his academic brilliance and artistic taste as much as his ability to generate cash. He is not the only one to be concerned, however; for all his love of privacy, Epstein had made it his business to spend time with many of the best-k
10. pos `58601`
   > tawdry details of Epstein's private life trickle out, his courtiers and admirers — the people who are familiar with his mansions and the ceaseless parade of young women in attendance — are coming under ever closer scrutiny. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/pages/liveifemail/articl e.hunl?in_article_id=4834018cin_page_id=187... 5/13/2008 EFTA01726416 Prince Andrew's friend, Ghislaine Maxwell, some underage girls and a very disturbing story I the ... Page 8 of 17 And now one of those who witnessed Epstein's louche existence at first hand has revealed what life was like inside his sordid world — and her story provides a disturbing portrait of sickening seduction and the power of money. =, a church-going, all-American brunette, was recruited six years ago into Epstein's household as an occasiona

## Notes

- Contexts are from `DS9_contexts.jsonl`, `DS10_contexts.jsonl`, `DS11_contexts.jsonl`.
- This is a triage page for manual review; verify final claims against source PDFs.
