---
title: "DS10 EFTA01649054 victim/minor review"
doc_type: "read-queue"
topic: "victim-statements"
dataset: 10
file: "EFTA01649054.pdf"
rank: 179
total_hits: 29
victim_hits: 24
minor_hits: 5
underage_hits: 0
generated: "2026-02-12T18:47:17+00:00"
---

# DS10 EFTA01649054.pdf

- **Queue Rank:** 179
- **Dataset:** DS10
- **Source PDF:** `EFTA01649054.pdf`
- **Source Path Hint:** `[local-path]`
- **Hits:** total `29` | victim `24` | minor `5` | underage `0`

## Context Excerpts

### Victim

1. pos `41`
   > From: • To: I Cc:r Subject: Re: Minor Victim List - 50D-NY-3027571 Date: Tue, 18 Mar 2025 21:45:52 +0000 Importance: Normal Attachments: Epstein_Combined_Victim_List_03182025_®_1727.xlsx Inline-Images: Outlook-rvcoo0px.png; Outlook-emlvseiw.png Classification: UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO Good Evening, Please find a "master list" of known victims based on information provided at this time. The attached spreadsheet consolidates victim name lis
2. pos `160`
   > From: • To: I Cc:r Subject: Re: Minor Victim List - 50D-NY-3027571 Date: Tue, 18 Mar 2025 21:45:52 +0000 Importance: Normal Attachments: Epstein_Combined_Victim_List_03182025_®_1727.xlsx Inline-Images: Outlook-rvcoo0px.png; Outlook-emlvseiw.png Classification: UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO Good Evening, Please find a "master list" of known victims based on information provided at this time. The attached spreadsheet consolidates victim name lists from Sentinel entities export, provided by CACHTU, VNS export, provided by SDNY, and located by reviewers during re
3. pos `341`
   > From: • To: I Cc:r Subject: Re: Minor Victim List - 50D-NY-3027571 Date: Tue, 18 Mar 2025 21:45:52 +0000 Importance: Normal Attachments: Epstein_Combined_Victim_List_03182025_®_1727.xlsx Inline-Images: Outlook-rvcoo0px.png; Outlook-emlvseiw.png Classification: UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO Good Evening, Please find a "master list" of known victims based on information provided at this time. The attached spreadsheet consolidates victim name lists from Sentinel entities export, provided by CACHTU, VNS export, provided by SDNY, and located by reviewers during review of case materials for redaction. Please note that this list is only accurate insofar as information was entered into Sentinel or as reported to me during the compiling of this
4. pos `432`
   > e: Minor Victim List - 50D-NY-3027571 Date: Tue, 18 Mar 2025 21:45:52 +0000 Importance: Normal Attachments: Epstein_Combined_Victim_List_03182025_®_1727.xlsx Inline-Images: Outlook-rvcoo0px.png; Outlook-emlvseiw.png Classification: UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO Good Evening, Please find a "master list" of known victims based on information provided at this time. The attached spreadsheet consolidates victim name lists from Sentinel entities export, provided by CACHTU, VNS export, provided by SDNY, and located by reviewers during review of case materials for redaction. Please note that this list is only accurate insofar as information was entered into Sentinel or as reported to me during the compiling of this list. Please also note that no analysis of victim dates of birth was conducted to ascerta
5. pos `792`
   > The attached spreadsheet consolidates victim name lists from Sentinel entities export, provided by CACHTU, VNS export, provided by SDNY, and located by reviewers during review of case materials for redaction. Please note that this list is only accurate insofar as information was entered into Sentinel or as reported to me during the compiling of this list. Please also note that no analysis of victim dates of birth was conducted to ascertain if victims reflected as "unknown age" at time of victimization should have been listed as adults due to the amount of time given to complete this task. At the bottom of the spreadsheet, you will find tabs reflecting a master list, a "child victim list," "victim age unknown at time of crime," and "adult per Sentinel data" tabs. This information should b
6. pos `844`
   > lists from Sentinel entities export, provided by CACHTU, VNS export, provided by SDNY, and located by reviewers during review of case materials for redaction. Please note that this list is only accurate insofar as information was entered into Sentinel or as reported to me during the compiling of this list. Please also note that no analysis of victim dates of birth was conducted to ascertain if victims reflected as "unknown age" at time of victimization should have been listed as adults due to the amount of time given to complete this task. At the bottom of the spreadsheet, you will find tabs reflecting a master list, a "child victim list," "victim age unknown at time of crime," and "adult per Sentinel data" tabs. This information should be considered as For Official Use Only due to the se
7. pos `891`
   > y CACHTU, VNS export, provided by SDNY, and located by reviewers during review of case materials for redaction. Please note that this list is only accurate insofar as information was entered into Sentinel or as reported to me during the compiling of this list. Please also note that no analysis of victim dates of birth was conducted to ascertain if victims reflected as "unknown age" at time of victimization should have been listed as adults due to the amount of time given to complete this task. At the bottom of the spreadsheet, you will find tabs reflecting a master list, a "child victim list," "victim age unknown at time of crime," and "adult per Sentinel data" tabs. This information should be considered as For Official Use Only due to the sensitivity of the victim information. Finally, p
8. pos `1083`
   > into Sentinel or as reported to me during the compiling of this list. Please also note that no analysis of victim dates of birth was conducted to ascertain if victims reflected as "unknown age" at time of victimization should have been listed as adults due to the amount of time given to complete this task. At the bottom of the spreadsheet, you will find tabs reflecting a master list, a "child victim list," "victim age unknown at time of crime," and "adult per Sentinel data" tabs. This information should be considered as For Official Use Only due to the sensitivity of the victim information. Finally, please note that during the consolidation of the lists I found several name discrepancies. More time and care should be given to all of the source lists before using the list as a comprehensi
9. pos `1099`
   > r as reported to me during the compiling of this list. Please also note that no analysis of victim dates of birth was conducted to ascertain if victims reflected as "unknown age" at time of victimization should have been listed as adults due to the amount of time given to complete this task. At the bottom of the spreadsheet, you will find tabs reflecting a master list, a "child victim list," "victim age unknown at time of crime," and "adult per Sentinel data" tabs. This information should be considered as For Official Use Only due to the sensitivity of the victim information. Finally, please note that during the consolidation of the lists I found several name discrepancies. More time and care should be given to all of the source lists before using the list as a comprehensive list for OCR
10. pos `1267`
   > unknown age" at time of victimization should have been listed as adults due to the amount of time given to complete this task. At the bottom of the spreadsheet, you will find tabs reflecting a master list, a "child victim list," "victim age unknown at time of crime," and "adult per Sentinel data" tabs. This information should be considered as For Official Use Only due to the sensitivity of the victim information. Finally, please note that during the consolidation of the lists I found several name discrepancies. More time and care should be given to all of the source lists before using the list as a comprehensive list for OCR recognition by RIDS. I will send all individual lists and this master separately for RIDS redaction purposes. Sincerely, From: > Sent: ues ay, arc 1 , To: Cc:

### Minor

1. pos `35`
   > From: • To: I Cc:r Subject: Re: Minor Victim List - 50D-NY-3027571 Date: Tue, 18 Mar 2025 21:45:52 +0000 Importance: Normal Attachments: Epstein_Combined_Victim_List_03182025_®_1727.xlsx Inline-Images: Outlook-rvcoo0px.png; Outlook-emlvseiw.png Classification: UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO Good Evening, Please find a "master list" of known victims based on information provided at this time. The attached spreadsheet consolidates victim n
2. pos `1686`
   > Finally, please note that during the consolidation of the lists I found several name discrepancies. More time and care should be given to all of the source lists before using the list as a comprehensive list for OCR recognition by RIDS. I will send all individual lists and this master separately for RIDS redaction purposes. Sincerely, From: > Sent: ues ay, arc 1 , To: Cc: Subject: Re: Minor Victim List Classification: UNCLASSIFIED//FOUO EFTA01649054 Please find a supplemental list of victims provide by SDNY below: (UHFOUO) (UHFOUO) (UHFOUO) (11//FOUO) (11//FOUO (11//FOUO (11//FOUO (11//FOUO) (11//FOUO) (UHFOUO) I am also attaching a list of other victims provided by CACHTU. The CACHTU list has been filtered t exclude any individuals previously identified by a review o
3. pos `2430`
   > exclude any individuals previously identified by a review of indexed victims in Sentinel case . I was asked by SDNY to please remind anyone who receives this information that it should be treated with the "strictest confidentiality and sensitivity." SDNY will continue to provide additional names as they gather them. Sincerely, From: Sent: Tuesday, March 18, 2025 4:19 PM To Cc: Subject: Minor Victim List - SOD-NY-3027571 Good Afternoon Spencer, We exported the complete list of victims serialized in Sentinel and have identified the below minor victims at this time: Please note that the majority of the victims either do not have DOBs or victimization dates associated in Sentinel so I will need to manually review 302s for additional identifiers to provide a more complete list. I ha
4. pos `2585`
   > s this information that it should be treated with the "strictest confidentiality and sensitivity." SDNY will continue to provide additional names as they gather them. Sincerely, From: Sent: Tuesday, March 18, 2025 4:19 PM To Cc: Subject: Minor Victim List - SOD-NY-3027571 Good Afternoon Spencer, We exported the complete list of victims serialized in Sentinel and have identified the below minor victims at this time: Please note that the majority of the victims either do not have DOBs or victimization dates associated in Sentinel so I will need to manually review 302s for additional identifiers to provide a more complete list. I have also attached the full victim name export as an excel spreadsheet attached to this email. Identified minor victims are highlighted in green. The cases
5. pos `2939`
   > zed in Sentinel and have identified the below minor victims at this time: Please note that the majority of the victims either do not have DOBs or victimization dates associated in Sentinel so I will need to manually review 302s for additional identifiers to provide a more complete list. I have also attached the full victim name export as an excel spreadsheet attached to this email. Identified minor victims are highlighted in green. The cases have no indexed victims and so the serials in those cases will also need manual review to identify any victims. EFTA01649055 I notifienvho is working on pulling the VNS list of victims. Sincerely, EFTA01649056

### Underage

No excerpts captured in context index.

## Notes

- Contexts are from `DS9_contexts.jsonl`, `DS10_contexts.jsonl`, `DS11_contexts.jsonl`.
- This is a triage page for manual review; verify final claims against source PDFs.
