---
title: "DS11 EFTA02727130 victim/minor review"
doc_type: "read-queue"
topic: "victim-statements"
dataset: 11
file: "EFTA02727130.pdf"
rank: 183
total_hits: 29
victim_hits: 25
minor_hits: 4
underage_hits: 0
generated: "2026-02-12T18:47:17+00:00"
---

# DS11 EFTA02727130.pdf

- **Queue Rank:** 183
- **Dataset:** DS11
- **Source PDF:** `EFTA02727130.pdf`
- **Source Path Hint:** `[local-path]`
- **Hits:** total `29` | victim `25` | minor `4` | underage `0`

## Context Excerpts

### Victim

1. pos `7586`
   > reat Issue (1) (WILES) HQ-CID-96-II-20 FBI Requirement (6) (U//FOUO) WW-CRIM-CID-SR-0933-20 (U//FOUO) WW-GRIM-CID-SR-0933-20.11.8.3 (UnFOUO) WW-CRIM-CID-SR-0933-20.11.8.2 (U/fFOUO) WW-CRIM-CID-SR-0933-20.II.B (UHFOUO) WW-CRIM-CID-SR-0933-20.11 (Lli/FOUO) WW-CRIM-CID-SR-0933-20.II.B.3.A Routing V Drafted By: Approved By: Distribution: 1 of 11/18/20194:35 PM EFTA02727155 Nygard: I'm victim of massive conspiracy I The Tribune Page 1 of 6 • The Tribune • Login or Sign up Upvote lb Nygard: I'M Victim Of Massive Conspiracy Peter Nygard As of Wednesday. November 13. 2019 • Sign in to favorite this • Discuss 9 criggruc Nog about • Share this Email. facebook. FASHION billionaire Peter Nygard has alleged a massive international conspiracy carried out by his rival Louis Bacon wh
2. pos `7702`
   > D-SR-0933-20.11.8.3 (UnFOUO) WW-CRIM-CID-SR-0933-20.11.8.2 (U/fFOUO) WW-CRIM-CID-SR-0933-20.II.B (UHFOUO) WW-CRIM-CID-SR-0933-20.11 (Lli/FOUO) WW-CRIM-CID-SR-0933-20.II.B.3.A Routing V Drafted By: Approved By: Distribution: 1 of 11/18/20194:35 PM EFTA02727155 Nygard: I'm victim of massive conspiracy I The Tribune Page 1 of 6 • The Tribune • Login or Sign up Upvote lb Nygard: I'M Victim Of Massive Conspiracy Peter Nygard As of Wednesday. November 13. 2019 • Sign in to favorite this • Discuss 9 criggruc Nog about • Share this Email. facebook. FASHION billionaire Peter Nygard has alleged a massive international conspiracy carried out by his rival Louis Bacon which involves huge criminal activities including bribing women to make false claims about his private life. His cri
3. pos `8411`
   > riminal activities including bribing women to make false claims about his private life. His critics say his claims, filed in court papers in the United States, are an attempt to stall a major investigation the New York Times has been carrying out for at least nine months. http://www.tri bune242.com/news/2019/nov/14/nygard-i m-victi m-massive-conspi racy/ 11/15/2019 EFTA02727156 Nygard: I'm victim of massive conspiracy The Tribune Page 2 of 6 The Tribune understands the US paper was on the point of publishing their exposé when Mr Nygard claimed in court documents that the Times was also involved in the Bacon-led conspiracy. Reporters working on the Times' investigation are believed to have interviewed around 250 people in the US, Canada and here in The Bahamas. Many are young women s
4. pos `12431`
   > from Fred Smith's law firm which will be represented by Julian Malins, QC, from London and Ferron Bethel. These emails surfaced in an affidavit exhibited by lawyer Kcod Smith. one of Mr Nygard's Bahamian lawyers who represented the Canadian in an earlier contempt hearing. http://www.tri bune242.com/news/2019/nov/14/nygard-im-victi m-massive-conspi racy/ 11/15/2019 EFTA02727157 Nygard: I'm victim of massive conspiracy I The Tribune Page 3 of 6 Lawfyers secured an injunction preventing Mr Nygard and Keod Smith from perusing, publishing or disseminating anything contained within the emails. Mr Nygard's New York lawyers meanwhile contacted the judge hearing the ongoing New York Nygard- Bacon row asking to amend their submission, allegedly using the same information contained in the email
5. pos `14323`
   > after silence in Toggie and Bobo case • Nygard files Bacon claims in Supreme Court • Sherman Brown bid for stay in ruling dismissed Comments D'Vf IN 1 this, 5 hours ago Ha! good headline 0 Upvote • Sign in to reply • Sign in to suggest removal prouthoudandfnm 1 dm, 4 hours ago LOCK HIM UP!!!! The man has no respect for the Bahamas. http://www.tribune242.com/news/2019/nov/14/nygard-im-victim-massive-conspiracy/ 11/15/2019 EFTA02727158 Nygard: I'm victim of massive conspiracy j The Tribune Page 4 of 6 LOCK HIM UP!!!! IJOvoto 0 • Sign in to reply • Sign in to suggest removal 'oehlow 1 day. 4 hours ago Oh, poor baby! He never did anything wrong! Upvote • Sign in to reply • Sign in to suggest removal Sickened 1 dav, 3 hours ago When you think everyone is out to get you, yo
6. pos `14389`
   > in Supreme Court • Sherman Brown bid for stay in ruling dismissed Comments D'Vf IN 1 this, 5 hours ago Ha! good headline 0 Upvote • Sign in to reply • Sign in to suggest removal prouthoudandfnm 1 dm, 4 hours ago LOCK HIM UP!!!! The man has no respect for the Bahamas. http://www.tribune242.com/news/2019/nov/14/nygard-im-victim-massive-conspiracy/ 11/15/2019 EFTA02727158 Nygard: I'm victim of massive conspiracy j The Tribune Page 4 of 6 LOCK HIM UP!!!! IJOvoto 0 • Sign in to reply • Sign in to suggest removal 'oehlow 1 day. 4 hours ago Oh, poor baby! He never did anything wrong! Upvote • Sign in to reply • Sign in to suggest removal Sickened 1 dav, 3 hours ago When you think everyone is out to get you, you probable have some serious personal issues to deal with. His de
7. pos `15275`
   > y, the angel on the other shoulder has fled the scene. Upvote p • Sign in to reply • Sign in to suggest removal II I I) I das, 3 hours ago Is Nygard still exiled from the Bahamas, or have they let him sneak back in quietly through the back door? Upvote 0 • Sign in to reply • Sign in to suggest removal I hislsOurs I day, 2 hours aeo http://www.tribune242.com/news/2019/nov/14/nygard-im-victim-massive-conspiracy/ 11/15/2019 EFTA02727159 Nygard: I'm victim of massive conspiracy I The Tribune Page 6 of 6 Pitssword forstod Sign in Or login with: Connect to Facebook Conned to Twitter Conned to Goo& OpenlD Special Features Obits • Elpre Sainfan • Eugene Mckenzie • Delvera Bonimy • Beulah McCartnev-Dean • Vivian Morissette PDF Edition TetbOW ot. nontWdart „as ES fart p
8. pos `15341`
   > • Sign in to reply • Sign in to suggest removal II I I) I das, 3 hours ago Is Nygard still exiled from the Bahamas, or have they let him sneak back in quietly through the back door? Upvote 0 • Sign in to reply • Sign in to suggest removal I hislsOurs I day, 2 hours aeo http://www.tribune242.com/news/2019/nov/14/nygard-im-victim-massive-conspiracy/ 11/15/2019 EFTA02727159 Nygard: I'm victim of massive conspiracy I The Tribune Page 6 of 6 Pitssword forstod Sign in Or login with: Connect to Facebook Conned to Twitter Conned to Goo& OpenlD Special Features Obits • Elpre Sainfan • Eugene Mckenzie • Delvera Bonimy • Beulah McCartnev-Dean • Vivian Morissette PDF Edition TetbOW ot. nontWdart „as ES fart pRommis, a Contents of this site are C Copyright 2019 Ellington. A
9. pos `15821`
   > in Or login with: Connect to Facebook Conned to Twitter Conned to Goo& OpenlD Special Features Obits • Elpre Sainfan • Eugene Mckenzie • Delvera Bonimy • Beulah McCartnev-Dean • Vivian Morissette PDF Edition TetbOW ot. nontWdart „as ES fart pRommis, a Contents of this site are C Copyright 2019 Ellington. All rights reserved. http://www.tribune242.com/news/2019/nov/14/nygard-im-victim-massive-conspiracy/ 11/15/2019 EFTA02727160 Nygard: I'm victim of massive conspiracy I The Tribune Page 5 of 6 It's possible there IS a massive conspiracy against him which includes revealing things that could be true and some that could be manufactured. Upvote 0 • Sign in to reply • Sin in to suggest removal Sickened 23 hours. 30 minutes no Most likely not. Don't know if you ever met
10. pos `15887`
   > d to Goo& OpenlD Special Features Obits • Elpre Sainfan • Eugene Mckenzie • Delvera Bonimy • Beulah McCartnev-Dean • Vivian Morissette PDF Edition TetbOW ot. nontWdart „as ES fart pRommis, a Contents of this site are C Copyright 2019 Ellington. All rights reserved. http://www.tribune242.com/news/2019/nov/14/nygard-im-victim-massive-conspiracy/ 11/15/2019 EFTA02727160 Nygard: I'm victim of massive conspiracy I The Tribune Page 5 of 6 It's possible there IS a massive conspiracy against him which includes revealing things that could be true and some that could be manufactured. Upvote 0 • Sign in to reply • Sin in to suggest removal Sickened 23 hours. 30 minutes no Most likely not. Don't know if you ever met him personally but... muddo sic he's a 'special' person. Limb, 0

### Minor

1. pos `155880`
   > Resisrks :72016 . t : ) Manufacturer 'I. ON 10/01/2016 ONLY,100% SEARCH 09K00069300CYY VPVPZ ARRIVED TO OP AIRCRAFT AND Code SANFORD INBOUND FROM NASSAU, BAHAMAS. CREW BAGGAGE WITH NEGATIVE RESULTS. 1.10 RECORD 0 Medal Number Modelgledis Model Code Series Code TYPO 727100 Category Weight rrrrr, Year Cruising dosed Numbs( of gseb Number of Engines Engine bye No Meer Minor S - TURBINE. Um 1 s:c - SILVER OR INFORMATION ALUMINUM (0) ❑LU - BLUE WHI - WHITE. ER NAME AND ADDRESS IMICILlati8 INFORMATION kali*, Date jApproved Bladder Tanks Date Seats Removed For Official Use Only I Law Enforcement Sensitive EFTA02727250 10/09/2019 21:45 PM UTC U.S. Customs and Border Protection U.S. Department of Homeland Security TECS - Aircraft Query Generated By
2. pos `157551`
   > te ,Approval Status Remarks 10/01/20:6 Manufacturer Page 1 of 2 CN :1/01/2016 VPVPZ ARRIVED TO SANFORD INBOUND FROM NASSAU, BAHAMAS. CREW ONLY,100% SEARCH OF AIRCRAFT AND BAGGAGE WITH NEGATIVE RESULTS. L/0 RECORD 0 09K00069300CYY Salmi Number ModeSerles Model Code Sorbs Code BOEING Year Type CateMenr 727100 Cruising Speed INumber of Saab INumbor of Engines 'Engine TI/Pe No 'Minor BLU BLUE Ti S'L SILVER OR ALUMINUM OWNER NAME AND ADDRESS INFORMATION (0) AIRCRAFT MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION Avionics ' Date Bladder Tanks Date Seats Removed Approved WHI WFIITE For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive EFTA02727252 10/09/2019 21:45 PM UTC U.S. Customs and Border Protection U.S. Department of Homeland Security TECS - Aircraft Query Generated By Page 2 o
3. pos `177624`
   > .Airc ight Exemption Approval Status N Not. Yet roved RKS INFORMA .. - ,.... Dale Remarks ;h:VATE AIRCRAFT IJVERFI.IGHT EXEMPTION FOR HYPERION AIR QRMA 'autumn' Cods Serial Number MOdeVlberies Model Cods Series Code ,:• : )8s G V DESCRIPTION INFORMATI 0 IMIrr,ff_BIESCRiPTION COLORS INFORMA No ,Type CablOOK1 Weight 0 Number of Seats !Number of Engines Major 02 Minor Eosin* Team ITdm AIRCRAFT ENGINE DETAILS INFORMATION (0) OWNER NAME AND ADDRESS INFORMATION (0) AIRCRAFT MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION Avionics Date Bladder Tanks Date Seats Removed Approved For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive EFTA02727271 04/25/2019 18:38 PM EDT U.S. Customs and Border Protection U.S. Department of Homeland Security TECS - Aircraft Query Generated By:
4. pos `179430`
   > P/NNE:LIGHT EXEMPTION KE/MODEL INF [Manufacturer • !Code 'Serial Number .ModeUSerlse Model Code !Sales Code AIRCRAFT DESCRIPTION INFORMATION Year ,Type knilsIng Speed WRCRA No lumpily, Type Number of Seals cf." t. • I IMyOr WHI - WHITE AIRCRAFT ENGINE DETAILS INFORMATION OWNER NAME AND ADDRESS INFORMATION AIRCRAFT MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION Avionics TION Number of Engines Minor MAR - MAROON OR BURGUNDY Trim For Official Use Only / Law Enforcement Sensitive Date Bladder Tanks Oate Seats Removed Approved EFTA02727273 04/25/2019 14:08 PM EDT U.S. Customs and Border Protection U.S. Department of Homeland Security TECS - Aircraft Query Generated By. RAFT REOISTRATION DETAILS INFORMA Registrant Type ra ntifitation Issue Data Last Activity lAlnyorthinoss Home B

### Underage

No excerpts captured in context index.

## Notes

- Contexts are from `DS9_contexts.jsonl`, `DS10_contexts.jsonl`, `DS11_contexts.jsonl`.
- This is a triage page for manual review; verify final claims against source PDFs.
