---
source_image: "legal-filing__EFTA01671962_20260130_p2949_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01671962.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 600
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:09:53.249904
---

American Express 
JEFFREY E EPSTEIN 
Closing Date 11/10/10 
IOUUC 
Traditional uoRia Ca 
rdTE COPY
p 21/22 
Account Ending 2.61005 
idingseryes up to 15% back when you dinetl 
Earn up to is% back at over ito,000 restaurants nationwide. 
Register with (Dine' and get a percentage of each bill back in your pocket 
3". an American Express° Reward Card. American Express Cardmembers 
who poi n can also get SS toward their first Reward Card. TerMS aPPIT 
Learn more and register at www.ldine.comiamex 
Make Your Next Car Purchase Even More Rewarding 
Choosing which car to buy can be a big decision. Now choosing how 
to pay for it can be easy at participating dealers. Especially with the 
convenience of using your American Expresse Card for any amount, 
even the full purchase price of a car. And, when you use an eligible, 
enrolled Card, you can earn points. miles or cash back.* 
American Exixess does not act as broke, sell or lease motor vehicles. American Express 
does not make any guarantees with respect to vehicle purchase All vehicle purchases Or 
clown payments are SulTsa to credt line approval. Please call the number on the back of 
your Card if you have questions about Card usage 'Not all American Express Cards we 
eligible to earn rewards. Terms, conddions and restrictions apply to individual Card 
ixoducts. 
Use your Card to help end childhood hunger. 
For a limited time when you use your American Express* Card at any Whole Foods Market? American Express will make a ten-cent 
donation to the Share Our Strength* No Kid Hungry Campaign7 TO LEARN MORE. VISIT AM EXNETWORKCOWWHOLEFOODS. 
Some restrictions apply. See Terms & Conditions for details. 
To find a particio 
dealer near you, Waif 
emesnetwodc.com/aws 
(CE 114377) 
PINOT harts 11/1/10 arid ends 12/31/10 American FlrileZwIl (knew 3010 to Stare Om Suenglh° lot eeth p11050 ding this period meg setkroman Ewen Card. exdades? ParcTedea 
mafr with GM Cards a Corpora* Cads. al WM* lads alteler kacatems meow* Marmon ematon1250.000. magrum Mat dallies gi0V30 
anitmentetteavwkdoloods Ia 
MI program deals ad la mom edormabon tool Share Ow Sammie 
Register and get 15% off your stay of $450 or more at Naples Bay Resort. 
This lour-diamond destination resort immerses guests in the relaxing ambience of an Italian seaside village. 
Open-air corridors and spacious private balconies bring picturesque views and gentle freezes. The lazy river, 
poolside cabanas, nearby beaches and shopping on Fifth Avenue all add up to a memorable vacation. 
Register any eligible American ExpreseCard in your name for this offer at amexnetwork.com/naplesbay. 
Then, visit www.naplesbayresort.com or call 1-866605.1199 and use your registered Card to book and pay 
for your stay. Receive 15% off your stay as a statement credit. 
NAPLES BAY RESORT 
Tc he Sable to An offer, you must be the oared recipientetdm Motion and register ary elioble Arrwical Express Card at amenerivatcan/naplesbaf oesneenlIVOIRO 
4,1 inrii 1 roomy reastx mop than one 
tor clad.
 those Card; eau wager in 
will be "tile to oar the statement credit Using star reginead 
too mart mike*silgle pnlesed 
or mile am 
Molted by I/31; I 1 ad corealoTed bY4 
. 
U `' am 
ExpressPay eansactord. are red digit lour Card is 
airing the promotional cent pease Cal 
OntorreiSente nutter mita baik a your Card fa asistance. 
Stairmss creels are cener.A. inut4wenn bow:mess 
Maps smilyng purriese. WI may tae up to 2bilingves to pm lc lea account Adeiteital tents afoot. 
see reasuaocn newt for *tads Oft rot wilid17,274 
I/10. 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By 
responding you will be disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
SONY_GM_02746251 
ASIEX002952 
EFTA_00233507 
EFTA01674910
