---
source_image: "legal-filing__EFTA01369731_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01369731.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 710
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:09:50.832608
---

• 
• 
" 
AIX
-ALLIANCE 
r. 
Pro forma capitalization 
Share price" 
Diluted shares:. 
$10.04 
579 
Equity market value 
5579 
Net debt 3' 
(138) 
Minority interest 
24 
AIA stake in Row 44 
(30) 
TEV 
$436 
Note: Units in million, except per 
share data. 
(1) 
Share price as of 1/31113. 
(2) 
Diluted shares includes 37.7mm 
shares issued to the sellers. 
8.8mm shares owned by GEAC 
public shareholders, 7.1mm 
shares held by backstop and 
0 2m shares owned by Azleai 
sponsor. 
(3) 
Represents 5149.3mm in 
combined proforma cash and 
equmalents, $11.4mm in short. 
term debt and 538k in non-
current notes payable. 
Comparables 
301bi 
flex 
10.0x 
17.9x 
15-the 13Ax 
Deutsche Bank 
Corporate Banking & Securities 
(a) 
Global Eagle Acquisition Corp. acquisition of Row 44, 
Inc. and 86% of Advance Inflight Alliance AG 
Transaction overview 
- Global Eagle Acquisition Corp. ("GEAC) announced a business 
combination with Row 44. Inc. and a 86% stake in Advance Inflight 
Alliance AG ('AIA`) from PAR Capital Management ("PAW). renamed 
Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. (NASDAQ: ENT)on November 8, 2012 
- transaction closed on January 31, 2013 
- GEAC is a Special Purpose Acquisition Company which raised 
$189.9mm in its May 2011 IPO 
- Entered into two separate backstop agreements for each share of 
common stock tendered for redemption 
- PAR agreed to purchase shares up to a maximum of 4.750.000 
shares at $10.00 per share. 
- Putnam Equity Fund ("Putnam") agreed to purchase shares up to a 
maximum of 2.375,000 shares at $10.00 per share 
- Special shareholder meeting was held on January 31. 2013 to approve 
the transaction 
- 94% of the outstanding shares were voted in favor of the transaction 
and none against 
10.161,081 shares ($101.3mm) were redeemed by public 
shareholders at 59.97 and 8.828.419 shares ($88.6mm) were 
unredeemed 
- Combined entity adjusted EBITDA expected o grow to $75.0mm 
Summary of deal terms 
Structure 
Consideration 
Approval 
Warrant 
Management 
Board of 
directors 
- Global Eagle, Row 44 and MA became 
subsidiaries of new parent holding company, 
Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. 
- 23.405,785 shares of GEAC common stock to 
acquire 100% of Row 44 
- 14.368.233 shares of GEAC non-voting common 
stock in exchange for PAR's 86% stake in AIA 
- 94% of shares voted in favor (none against) 
- 10.161,081 shares redeemed 
- No change to warrant structure 
- To include existing management team of Row 44 
and AIA 
- John LaValle (CEO). David M. Davis (CFO), 
Edward L. Shapiro (Chairman). Louis Belanger-
Martin. Hwy E. Sloan, Jeff Sagansky, Jeffrey A. 
Leddy, Jeffrey E. Epstein 
Row 44 and AIA overview 
Pro forma ownership structure 
Row 44 is a global satellite-based broadband services provider to the 
worldwide commercial airline industry 
provides passengers with Internet access, live television, on-demand 
Shares 
Ownership 
media, shopping and flight and destination information 
Shares issued to acquire Row 44 
23.405,785 
40 4% 
- currently installed on more than 400 aircraft worldwide, Row 44 
services the largest fleet of connected entertainment enabled planes 
that operate over land and sea 
Shares issued to acquire AIA 
14368.233(0
248% 
AIA is the leading provider of content services. products and solutions 
for the in-flight entertainment (IFE) market 
Putnam and PAR backstop 
7.125000 
123% 
- pioneers in the IFE content industry, providing movies and TV 
programming. audio, games. applications and creative solutions to 
130 of the Ingrid's most important commercial airlines 
Shares owned by GEAC public 
shareholders ' 
8,828.419 
15.2% 
- offers over 30 hours per week of local news coverage 
- core business, is divided in two separate reportable operating 
segments, Content Service Providing (CSP) and Content 
Shares owned by GEAC sponsor 
4,169.085,c 
7 2% 
- Content focuses on marketing film distribution right 
- CSP services range from selection, purchase, production and 
technical adjustment of content and customer support 
Total shares 
67.896,622 
100.0% 
Includes shares related to AlA's 3,053,634 shares held in Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. In June 2012, ALA AG had acquired a minority interest of 11.6% in Row 44 and paid 
approximately USD 25 million in MA AG shares (capital increase against contributions in kind). 
Post-redemption figures. 
Asa result of the underwriters' partial exercise of their over-alotment option for our PO. the Sponsor forfeited an aggregate of 248,598 founder shares on May 18. 2011. 
45 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. CRIM. P. 6(e) 
DB-SDNY-0062166 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00208350 
EFTA01369731
