---
source_image: "legal-filing+deposition-transcript+court-document+affidavit__EFTA01305154_20260130_p007_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01305154.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 938
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:08:12.870196
---

ADDENDUM 
Client: Federal Bureau of Investigabon 
Property Address: 9 East 71s1 Street 
City: New Nbrk 
File No.: 
Case No.: 
Slate: NY 
Zip: 10021 
Property Rights Appraised: 
Fee Simple 
General Comments 
The purpose of this appraisal is to estimate the market value of the subject property as of the effective date of the appraisal. 
The report will function as a guide for the client mentioned in this report. 
In preparing this appraisal. the appraiser has been requested to perform an exterior viewing only and not to disturb the 
occupants by entering the building. The physical characteristics used to develop this appraisal are based on the 
assessment records and on the multiple listing service if available. The subject was observed from the public street as of 
the effective date of the appraisal. Based on the observed conditions, the assessment records and multiple listing service 
information appear to be accurate. For the purposes of this appraisal, it is assumed that the interior condition of the subject 
property is consistent with the exterior conditions as observed, and that the information concerning the interior condition as 
provided by the assessor's records and the multiple listing service is accurate. 
Per prior agreement with the client. the appraiser did not value the site and did not use the cost approach to value, although 
this approach would generally be considered meaningful in appraising a property of this type. 
Data was collected from a variety of sources including, but not limited to. public land records, a multiple listing service, tax 
records, brokers, buyers, sellers, comps inc. And in-office files. 
The form summarizes the process and conclusion of the value for the sales comparison approach and a final value 
conclusion. Additional supporting data can be found in our appraisal file. 
The highest and best use is considered to be as is. 
The subject is not a manufactured home and is permanently affixed to the foundation. Manufactured homes are not 
common to this area. 
It should be noted that a review of all transfers of residential property known to have taken place in the subject area was 
undertaken before comparable sale selection was finalized. 
Due to the subject only being viewed from the street and the appraiser not being able to measure the subject, the gross 
living area information was obtained from the assessor's office (if possible) or was estimated by the appraiser. 
The tax information in this report has been given to the appraiser by the respective town and/or village and is assumed to be 
correct. 
This appraiser assumes a certificate of occupancy exists for the subject as described herein. 
The client ordered this appraisal as an exterior only report. No interior viewing was completed. The occupancy is marked on 
the first page based on the norm for the neighborhood. unless otherwise noted. 
The appraiser reserves the right to revise this report upon a full viewing of the subject property. 
For the purpose of this appraisal report, the word inspect should be view or viewed. This would mean that the appraiser has 
viewed. not inspected, the property and it's characteristics. The appraiser is not an expert in the field of engineering, home 
inspections or environmental issues. The appraiser views the property where possible and reports what is seen. No tests of 
any sort were prepared to draw any conclusions. 
This appraiser is not and engineer or home inspector, therefor the reader of this report should not rely on this appraisal as a 
substitute for a home inspection. 
The electronic signatures in this report are secured with security protected access codes. This has been approved and 
accepted by uspap. the appraisal institute as well as major banks and lending institutions including fannie mae. 
Note that the photographs submitted with this appraisal report are original digital images. These digital images have not 
been altered or modified in any shape or form as to mislead the reader of this report. If there were any people in the 
pictures. they have been removed. 
The map in this report is generated by the computer. The accuracy may not be to the exact location but is very close and is 
not intended to mislead the reader. 
This report was ordered as an exterior report only. Due to this fact, the appraiser does not know if the utilities are on or off . 
if repairs are needed, and what a cost to cure would be. 
Unless otherwise stated in this report. the existence of hazardous materials. which may or may not be present on the 
property, was not observed by the appraiser. The appraiser has no knowledge of the existence of such materials on or in 
the property. The appraiser, however. is not qualified to detect such substances. The presence of substances such as 
asbestos, urea-formaldehyde foam insulation, and other potentially hazardous materials may affect the value of the property. 
The value estimated is predicated on the assumption that there is no such material on or in the property that would cause a 
loss in value. No responsibility is assumed for such conditions or for any expertise or engineering knowledge required to 
discover them. The intended user is urged to retain an expert in this field if desired. 
The intended User of this appraisal report is an agency of the United States Government. The intended Use is to evaluate 
the property that is the subject of this appraisal for an estimated market value. subject to the stated Scope of Work, purpose 
of the appraisal. reporting requirements of this appraisal form, and Definition of Market Value. No additional Intended Users 
are identified by the appraiser. 
Pagercian Page I et 2 
SDNY_SM_00 173194 
EFTA_00 I 94849 
EFTA01305160
