---
source_image: "legal-filing+affidavit+deposition-transcript+letter__EFTA01510467_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01510467.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 827
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:06:43.656332
---

For the Period 2/1/12 to 2./29/12 
For your convenience we have combined statement(s) for activity you conduct through J.P. Morgan In one package. Below are important disclosures relating to these different accounts. 
These statements may relate to various account types. Some of the disclosures are applicable to all of your accounts. For ease of reference the disclosures applicable to a particular type 
of account have been grouped together by descriptive headers. 
IMPORTANT GENERAL INFORMATION APPLICABLE TO ALL OF YOUR ACCOUNT(S) 
Important Information about Pricing ,Valuations, Estknated Annual Income, and Estimated Yield 
Market value information (including without limitation, prices, exchange rates. acaued income and bond ratings) furnished herein, some of which has been provided by pricing sources that J.P. Morgan 
believes to be reliable, is not guaranteed for accuracy but provided for informational purposes and is furnished for the exclusive use of the client. 
The current price is the value of the financial asset share, unit or contract as priced at the dose of the market on the last day of the statement period or the last available price. All values provided for 
structured yield deposits (for example. JPMorgan London Time Deposits) reflect the original deposit amount only. The value for Real Estate. Mineral Interests and Miscellaneous Assets may not reflect 
the most current value of the asset. 
Certain assets including but not limited to, pooled and private investments, non-publicly traded and infrequently traded securities, derivatives, partnership interests and tangible assets are generally 
illiquid, the value of such asset may have been provided to us by third parties who may or may not be independent of the issuer or manager. Such information is reflected as of the last date provided to 
us, and is not independently verified. 
Important information regarding Auction Rate Securities (ARS). ARS are debt or preferred securities with an interest or dividend rate reset periodically in an auction. Although there may be daily, weekly 
and monthly resets, there is no guarantee that there will be liquidity. If there are not enough bids at an auction to redeem the securities available for sale, the result may be a failed auction. In the event 
of a failed auction, there is no assurance that a secondary market will develop or that the security will trade at par or any other price reflected on statements and online. Accordingly, investors should not 
rely on pricing information appearing in their statements or online with respect to ARS. Where J.P. Morgan was unable to obtain a price from an outside service for a particular ARS. the price column on 
your statement and online will indicate "$0.00" which should not be relied on as the price at which ARS would trade. 
J.P. Morgan makes no representation, warranty or guarantee, express or implied, that any quoted value represents the actual terms at which transactions or secunties could be bought or sold or new 
transactions could be entered into, or the actual terms on which existing transactions or securities could be liquidated. Such values may only be indicative. 
Valuations of over-the-counter derivative transactions, including certain derivatives-related deposit products, have been prepared on a mid-market basis. These valuations are derived from proprietary 
models based upon well-recognized financial principles and we have, when necessary to calculate the present value of future cash flows, made reasonable estimates about relevant future market 
conditions. Valuations based on other models or different assumptions may yield different results. J.P. Morgan expressly disclaims any responsibility for (I ) the accuracy of the models or estimates 
used in deriving the valuations. (2) any errors or omissions in computing or disseminating the valuations, and (3) any uses to which the valuations are put. Valuations are provided for information 
purposes only and are intended solely for your own use. Please refer to the trade confirmation for details of each transaction. 
If a partial call is made with respect to an issue of securities included in your Accounts we will allocate the call by a method we deem fair and equitable. 
To the extent applicable, please note the following regarding estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated yield (EY): EAI and EY for certain types of securities could include a return of principal or 
capital gains in which case the EAI and EY would be overstated. EAI and EY are estimates and the actual income and yield might be lower or higher than the estimated amounts. EY reflects only the 
income generated by an investment. It does not reflect changes in its price, which may fluctuate.
Offshore Deposits - London and Nassau 
Deposits in Foreign Branches are not insured by the FDIC or any other Agency of the Federal Government; amounts in such foreign accounts do not have the benefit of any domestic 
preference applicable to U.S Banks: certain Foreign accounts are considered reportable to the Internal Revenue Service on a Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (TD F 
90-22.1). 
J.P.Morgan 
Disclosures Page 1 of 5 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00036157 
SDNY GM_00305355 
EFTA01510467
