---
source_image: "legal-filing__EFTA01510143_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01510143.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 831
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:09:51.950801
---

For the Period 5/1/I I to 5/31/11 
Securities purchased or sold through J.P.Morgan Securities LLC ("JPMS") (1) other than mutual funds, are cleared through J.P.Morgan Clearing Corp. rJPMCC"), an affiliate of JPMS. and (2) other 
than exchange-listed options and securities held in margin account(s), are held in your Asset Account at JPMCB. Positions in exchange-listed options and in margin account(s) are held by JPMCC and 
are not delivered to or from your Asset Account. For your convenience, however, positions in exchange-listed options are presented in Asset Account statement(s) together with other assets held in such 
account(s). All pertinent information about your settled and pending purchases and sales effected through your JPMS account during the period covered by these statement(s), is summarized in the 
"Trade Activity" portion of the statement(s). 
You should have received (or have made available to you) separate confirmations for each securities transaction. All transactions are subject to the terms and conditions stated on the reverse side of 
such confirmations and are subject to the constitution, by-laws, customs and interpretations of the marketplace where executed and governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State 
of New York and all applicable federal laws and regulations. Further information with respect to commissions and other charges related to the execution of transactions, including options transactions. 
has been included in confirmations that were previously furnished to you. Upon written request, JPMS will promptly supply you with the latest such information. 
JPMCC and JPMS are members of the Securities Investor Protection Corp ("Sine"). a not-for-profit membership corporation funded by broker-dealers registered with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Securities and cash held for a customer at JPMS and JPMCC are protected by SIPC up to $500,000 per customer, which includes up to 5100,000 of protection for cash. SIPC does not 
protect against losses from fluctuations in the value of the securities. Assets held in custody by JPMCB are not subject to SIPC. You may obtain information about SIPC, including the SIPC Brochure, on 
their website, at "www.sipc.org" or by contacting them at (202)371-8300. 
To the extent applicable, please note the following regarding estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated yield (EY): EAI and EY for certain types of secunties could include a return of principal or 
capital gains in which case the EAI and EY would be overstated. EAI and EY are estimates and the actual income and yield might be lower or higher than the estimated amounts. EY reflects only the 
income generated by an investment. It does not reflect changes in its price, which may fluctuate. 
JPMS. JPMCB or their affiliates (the "J.P. Morgan Companies") may provide administrative, custodial, sales. distnbution or shareholder services to JPMorgan Funds. American Century Funds, or funds 
established, sponsored, advised, or managed by third parties, and the J.P. Morgan Companies may be compensated for such services. 
A financial statement of this organization is available to you for personal inspection at its offices, or a copy will be mailed to you upon wntten request. 
Bank products and services are offered through JPMCB and its banking affiliates. Securities are offered by JPMS and, to the extent noted above, cleared through JPMCC. 
If a partial call is made with respect to an issue of securities included in your Accounts we will allocate the call by a method we deem fair and equitable. 
JPMS is not a bank and is a separate legal entity from its bank or thrift affiliates. including JPMorgan Chase Bank. N.A. ("JPMCB"). 
Investment Products: Not FDIC Insured 
-No Bank Guarantee 
-May Lose Value 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SPECIFIC TO YOUR MARGIN ACCOUNT(S) 
All positions in your Margin Account Portfolio(s) are held in custody at J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. ("JPMCC"), Three Chase Metrotech Center, Brooklyn, NY 11245-0001, pm 643.2578. 
If you have a margin account with J.P.Morgan, as permitted by law we may use certain securities in such account for, among other things, settling short sales and lending the securities for short sales, 
and as a result may receive compensation in connection therewith. 
Please keep the following in mind when using a statement to track your brokerage activity in a margin account: The statement combines your general margin account with the special memorandum 
account required by Section 220.6 Regulation T. As required by Regulation T. a permanent record of your separate account is available upon your request. 
Free credit balances in your margin account(s) are not segregated and may be used in the operation of JPMCCs business, subject to the limitations of SEC Rule 15O-3. Unless otherwise noted. JPMCC 
or its agents and depositories will hold your securities. Upon your demand. JPMCC will pay to you the amount of your free credit balance, and will deliver to you fully-paid securities held on your behalf. 
Interest will be charged on any debit balance; the method of calculating interest is described in a letter sent to all margin customers. 
J.P.Morgan 
Disclosures Page 3 of 3 
Page 16 of 16 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00035765 
SDNY_GM_00304963 
EFTA01510143
