---
source_image: "legal-filing__EFTA01597213_20260130_p018_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01597213.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 681
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:09:52.713870
---

U8S Client Relationship Agreement 
laws. In connection with any Card issued, the respective Cardholder Agreement shall be 
governed by Federal law and the law designated by the Card Issuer in that Cardholder 
Agreement. 
In the event that any of the Arbitration provisions below are found to be unenforceable, 
you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the 
Federal courts sitting in the Southern District of New York for the purpose of determining 
all matters with regard to the Agreement. You also consent to service of process by 
certified mail to your Account's address of record, and you waive any objection to the 
venue and any claims that an action or proceeding has been brought in an inconvenient 
forum. If any provision of the Agreement is held to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, the 
remaining provisions will remain in full force and will be construed to the fullest extent 
permitted by law, to give effect to the intent of any provision that has be called into 
question. 
Non-Primary Residence Address for Mailing Purposes 
Unless you notify us otherwise in writing, you authorize us to use the Account Address you 
provided in the Account Application to mail all notices, correspondence and for the 
disbursement of Property, even if it is not your primary residence. Based upon this 
authorization, we will not telephone you to confirm receipt of property or require a signed 
written confirmation from you acknowledging transmittal of property. If you would like to 
designate an alternative mailing address for the account, please contact your Financial 
Advisor to provide the necessary authorization. Even when you have provided a mailing 
address for the Account, some correspondence may be delivered to your legal residence 
address only based upon operational considerations. 
Electronic Records 
Any agreements accepted by facsimile or electronic means (such as clicks or other online 
means) are legally binding and are considered to have been "signed" by you with the 
same effect as a manual signatures. Electronic records of an agreement that is made online 
will also be considered to be "in writing." You agree not to dispute the validity or 
enforceability of any agreements entered into electronically by you (or by anyone using 
your authentication devices, such as a password or PIN). 
Electronic Delivery Agreement 
UBS offers certain communications through electronic delivery. Categories of 
communications you may enroll in for e-Delivery include: 
• 
Statements for your UBS Accounts, which include your UBS Visa Signature® credit 
card statement from the Card Issuer; notices delivered on or with statements such as 
our annual Client Privacy Notice; and messages about transactions and payments. 
• 
Trade confirmations and notices regarding account activity. 
• 
Shareholder communications, including annual and other shareholder reports, 
preliminary and final prospectuses, proxy materials and information about other 
corporate actions. Shareholder communications also includes all account documents 
related to Investment Advisory accounts and fee- based financial planning services, 
including Form ADV disclosure brochures, manager profiles, asset allocations, 
performance reports and other disclosures, reports and notices related to advisory 
accounts and fee-based financial planning services. 
• 
Quarterly performance reports. 
• 
UBS Equity Plan Advisory Services plan advices. 
• 
Tax reporting documents, including 1099s and other tax documents that are available 
now or become available in the future. 
• 
Agreements and disclosures relating to the accounts, features and services we offer. 
Any member of your household may enroll any other household account in electronic 
delivery of these periodic communications, except for tax reporting documents. By 
enrolling in e-Delivery of any communications described above, you agree that we may 
also deliver similar firm documents electronically that may be available now or in the 
future. When available, confirmations of your personal and account information may be 
included with related documents that are delivered electronically through UBS Online 
Services or any other secure method. Please note: These confirmations are sent 
periodically and to confirm certain changes to your account information. These 
Please see the section Householding 
of Statements and Other 
Communications above for further 
information regarding how a 
household is established. 
de 0269 4032 8064 09/29/2014 
18 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00009540 
EFTA01597230
