---
source_image: "legal-filing+email-screenshot+letter__EFTA01491987_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01491987.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 818
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:09:02.641289
---

For the Period 1/1111 to 1/31/11 
JPMCC and JPMS are members of the Securities Investor Protection Corp ("SIPC"), a not-for-profit membership corporation funded by broker-dealers registered with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Securities and cash held for a customer at JPMS and JPMCC are protected by SIPC up to 5500.000 per customer, which includes up to $100,000 of protection for cash. SIPC does not 
protect against losses from fluctuations in the value of the securities. Assets held in custody by JPMorgan Chase Bank. NA. (the "Bank") are not subject to SIPC. You may obtain information about 
SIPC. including the SIPC Brochure, on their website, at -wvAv.sipc.org- or by contacting them at (202) 371.8300. 
To the extent applicable, please read the following disclosures regarding estimated annual income (EAI) and estimated yield (EY): EAU and EY for certain types of securities could include a return of 
principal or capital gains in which case the EAI and EY would be overstated. EAI and EY are estimates and the actual income and yield might be lower or higher than the estimated amounts. EY reflects 
only the income generated by an investment. It does not reflect changes in its price, which may fluctuate. 
JPMS. JPMCB or their affiliates (the "J.P. Morgan Companies) may provide administrative, custodial, sales, distribution or shareholder services to JPMorgan Funds. American Century Funds, or funds 
established, sponsored, advised, or managed by third parties, and the J.P. Morgan Companies may be compensated for such services. 
A financial statement of this organization Is available to you for personal inspection at its offices, or a copy wit be mailed to you upon written request. 
Bank products and services are offered through JPMCB and its affiliates. Securities are offered by JPMS and, to the extent noted above. cleared through JPMCC. 
If a partial call is made with respect to an issue of securities included in your Accounts we will allocate the call by a method we deem fair and equitable. 
You must promptly advise JPMS of material changes in your investment objectives or financial situation. Unless you inform JPMS otherwise. JPMS will consider the information currently in its files to be 
complete and accurate. 
JPMS is not a bank and is a separate legal entity from its bank or thrift affiliates, including JPMCB. The securities sold, offered, or recommended by JPMS: 
(1) Are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or any other governmental agency; 
(2) Are not deposits or other obligations of JPMS's bank or thrift affiliates (unless otherwise indicated). and are not guaranteed by or the responsibility of any such affiliates (unless explicitly stated 
otherwise): and 
(3) Involve investment risks, including possible loss of the principal invested. 
JPMS's banking affiliates may be lenders to issuers of securities that JPMS underwrites, in which case proceeds of offerings underwritten by JPMS may be used for the repayment of such loans, and you 
should refer to the disclosure documents relating to particular securities for discussion of any such lending relationships. The Federal Reserve requires that JPMS obtain your consent before it can 
obtain certain information from its bank or thrift affiliates, including their credit evaluation of you. We will assume that your continuing to transact business with JPMS will constitute your consent to the 
sharing of such information by JPMS and its bank or thrift affiliates, to the extent permitted by law. 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION SPECIFIC TO YOUR MARGIN ACCOUNT(S) 
All positions in your Margin Account Portfolio(s) are held in custody at J.P. Morgan Clearing Corp. ("JPMCC"), One Metrotech Center North. Brooklyn. NY 11201-3859, (347) 643-2578. 
Contact your client service specialist if you think statements are incorrect or you require additional information about a transaction on your statement(s). 
If you have a margin account with J.P.Morgan. as permitted by law we may use certain securities in such account for, among other things, settling short sales and lending the securities for short sales. 
and as a result may receive compensation in connection therewith. 
Please keep the following in mind when using a statement to track your brokerage activity in a margin account: The statement combines your general margin account with the special memorandum 
account required by Section 220.6 Regulation T. As required by Regulation T. a permanent record of your separate account is available upon your request. 
Free credit balances in your margin account(s) are not segregated and may be used in the operation of JPMCCs business, subject to the limitations of SEC Rule 15c3-3. Unless otherwise noted, JPMCC 
or its agents and depositories will hold your securities. Upon your demand, JPMCC will pay to you the amount of your free credit balance, and will deliver to you fully-paid securities held on your behalf. 
Interest will be charged on any debit balance; the method of calculating interest is described in a letter sent to all margin customers. 
JP Morgan 
Page 45 of 45 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-000 14402 
SDNY_GM_00283600 
EFTA01491987
