---
source_image: "legal-filing__EFTA01597159_20260130_p007_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01597159.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 547
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:09:52.710654
---

lUrIODDV 
BSA Ltd Liability Company 
Your Account 
Account Number 
Y1 23680 
Account Title 
ELLMAX, LLC 
1000 Venetian Way Apt. 801 
Miami Beach, FL 33139-1043 
Account Address 
City, State zip 
Cards and Checks for this account, 
be mailed to this address: 
if requested, will 
1000 Venetian Way
Apt 801 
Miami Beach, FL 33139-1043 
• 
MEM 
Primary Account Holder 
Additional Account Relationships 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Dish F8O Account Owner Auth 
Power of Attorney 
• 
Disclosure of Beneficial Ownership 
UBS will not disclose your name, address and security 
position to issuers of any securities held in your 
Account. 
Margin 
Yes 
You have agreed that the Margin Agreement in the Completing Your Account Opening Process 
package governs your use of margin in this account and all other accounts you have now or any 
accounts that you may open in the future. As described in the Margin Agreement, certain securities 
in your Account may be loaned to UBS or to other persons or entities. 
Cost Basis Method 
First In,First Out 
Features and Services 
Checking 
Premier- RMA/ BSA 
Account Objectives and Risk Profile 
Account Risk Profile 
Your answers to our profiling questions. 
Risk Tolerance 
Moderate 
Moderate Risk 
Investment Objective 
Produce a combination of income and capital 
appreciation 
Moderate Fluctuations, Moderate Returns 
Risk/Return Objectives 
Investment Time Horizon 
7- 10 years 
No 
a 
Short-Term Liquidity Needs 
Sweep Account Election 
Primary Sweep Fund 
Sweep Cap Election 
Cap Amount 
Secondary Sweep Fund 
UBS BANK USA BUSINESS ACCOUNT 
Yes 
$250000.00 
UBS AG DEPOSIT ACCOUNT 
U.S. Senior Political Affiliation: You have indicated that no account holder, an authorized signatory, beneficial 
owner, trustee, power of attorney, or other individual with authority to effect transactions, or any of their 
immediate family members of close associates is a Current U.S. Political Official. 
Non-U.S. Senior Political Affiliation: You have indicated that no account holder, an authorized signatory, 
beneficial owner, trustee, power of attorney, or other individual with authority to effect transactions, or any of 
their immediate family members or close associates is a Current or Former non-U.S. Political official or non-U.S. 
Religious Group/Organization or Senior/Influential representative of a non-U.S. Religious Group/Organization. 
Please review rhe information 
about each of your accounts 
and nobly your Financial 
Advisor immediately if jou 
have any changes or 
corrections. 
For more information, tat"ase 
refer to the UBS Deposit 
Account Sweep Program 
Disclosure Statement. 
Please note the account risk 
profile and enestmenr 
otsective below are specific only 
to this account other accounts 
may have ckfferent account risk 
profiles and investment 
armies. 
Your Account Risk Profile for 
this particular account is defined 
as: 
Moderate Wiling to accept 
some risk to pfincipal and tolerate 
some volatility to seek higher 
returns. 
Different accounts may have 
different risk profiles 
Your Investment Objective. 
Produce a Combination of 
Income and Capital 
Appreciation Mrestmenrs 
seeking both the generation of 
income and growth of principal. 
In accounts with conservative 
or moderate risk profiles, 
investment eligibility 
considerations help us 
identify whether you maybe 
elinibk to imps: in certain 
higher. risk securities as a 
portion of your portfolio. 
These investments offer 
additional cfiversi &orlon. 
A senior political official is 
defined as a President or Vice 
President, Cabinet Member, 
Supreme Court Justice, 
member of rhe Joint Chiefs 
Staff, Member of Congress or
a Parliament, Chairperson. 
Head or Senior Leader of a 
major religious organization, 
or the like. 
7 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00004475 
7 
EFTA01597165
