---
source_image: "legal-filing__EFTA02559764_20260210_p002_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA02559764.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 796
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:09:53.472480
---

In the years after the verdict, the prosecution's narrative of the =rime—evil husband, perhaps on amphetamines, 
murdering his family and =oncocting a story about hippie-like intruders—was burnished in the =ublic mind by Joe 
McGinniss's 1983 best seller about MacDonald, =93Fatal Vision"; by a TV miniseries based on the book; and, later, =y 
"The Journalist and the Murderer" (1990), Janet Malcolm's =nalysis of Mr. McGinniss's wily interactions with his devious 
=ubject. Most people, including me, assumed that there was no =easonable doubt about Jeffrey MacDonald's guilt. 
The assumption may well be false. In "A Wilderness of Error," Errol =orris, an Academy Award-winning documentary 
filmmaker, challenges the =stablished narrative and offers a plausible counter-narrative. The =ook's thoughtful 
presentation of the evidence alone makes it worth =aking seriously. Just as important, Mr. Morris's tone is temperate 
=nd fair-minded. He is not an angry polemicist but, we cannot help =eeling, someone trying to get at the truth. His 1988 
documentary, =93The Thin Blue Line," helped to commute the life sentence of a =onvicted murderer in Texas. Mr. 
Morris clearly knows what it is to =nterrogate conventional views and scrutinize legal documents with =are. 
The book's affidavits and interview transcripts reveal flaws in the =xpert testimony, in particular the testimony that 
argued for the =rimes being staged. In the 1970 military hearing, for example, =rosecutors focused on a small table 
found resting on its edge. =ccording to an expert witness, it was not possible for a table to land =n its edge, in such a 
way, as the result of a scuffle; its position =ad to be staged. Col. Rock, the presiding officer, was unconvinced. He =imself 
went to the crime scene, kicked the table once and saw it land =n its edge. 
The staging evidence presented by FBI lab experts in the 1979 trial was =ore complex—involving, among much else, 
claims about the holes in =acDonald's shirt (supposedly punctured in the wrong shape) and the =ocation of blood. Mr. 
Morris shows that many of these staging claims =ere as problematic as that tipped-over table in the 1970 hearing. What 
=s more, the FBI, it was discovered later, had held back exculpatory =vidence, like the yellow hairs on a hairbrush in the 
home, which did =ot match the hair of any member of the MacDonald family. 
The most powerful part of "A Wilderness of Error" is the evidence =or a counter-narrative that seems to support 
MacDonald's version of =vents. Multiple witnesses saw a girl in the vicinity of MacDonald's =ome on the fateful night. 
One of the witnesses was a military =oliceman racing to the MacDonald house, who saw a woman in a floppy =at. After a 
description went out, a 28-year-old drug user and =arcotics informer named Helena Stoeckley, who lived in nearby 
=ayetteville, N.C., was picked up and interrogated. As it turned out, =he had admitted to at least six people that she was 
in the MacDonald =ome on the night of the murder, high on drugs, wearing a blond wig, =hite boots and a floppy hat 
and accompanied by three male Vietnam =eterans. 
Stoeckley recalled details dovetailing with MacDonald's description, =ncluding that she had held a candle, as MacDonald 
claimed. He had said =hat she tried to ride a rocking horse in the home and answered the =acDonald's phone. (A witness 
later said that he had called the home =hat night, searching for a doctor; a female voice answered and hung =p.) 
Stoeckley passed a lie detector test. One of the veterans she =amed was seen by an acquaintance painting the words "I 
killed the =acDonald family" on a wall. 
Yet the jury never heard the Stoeckley confession. Mr. Morris has =leuthed out what might have happened. In 2005, 
during one of the =ttempts by MacDonald's lawyers to free their client, the U.S. =arshal charged with bringing Stoeckley 
to the courthouse for the 1979 =rial, a man named Jimmy Britt, gave an affidavit stating that, when he =ad first brought 
Stoeckley to see prosecutor James Blackburn, he heard =er give a detailed confession to the prosecutor. Blackburn, he 
said, =hen told Stoeckley that, if she repeated her account under oath in =acDonald's trial, he would have to charge her 
with murder. =Blackburn, who was disbarred in 1993 for ethical transgressions, =enies Mr. Britt's account.) In any case, 
Stoeckley changed her story =n court, saying that she could not recall ever being in the MacDonald =ouse. Without her 
testimony, the defense could not call any of the six =orroborating witnesses because the judge ruled that their 
testimony =ould be inadmissible hearsay. 
In May 1982, 34 months after MacDonald was convicted, Stoeckley =epeated her original, confessional account in a 
taped interview for =BS's "60 Minutes." The producer decided against airing it, =owever. Mr. Morris suggests that the 
2 
EFTA_R1_01720334 
EFTA02559765
