---
source_image: "legal-filing__EFTA01377715_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01377715.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 650
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:09:50.880977
---

S-1/A 
cohorts has, on average, exceeded 110% year-over-year. We have continued to grow beyond our recurring payments and POS 
business by adding new sellers that accept payments and by cross-selling and up-selling additional services. Our scale, growth, 
and unique understanding of our sellers' businesses enable us to serve sellers of all sizes in many ways and reinforce the 
advantages of our business model. 
Our Growth Strategy 
We have significant opportunity ahead. Our growth strategy is to enhance our products and services, extend our reach, and 
expand globally. 
Enhance Our Products and Services 
Innovate to provide sellers with access to new payment methods. 
We will continue to introduce new payment products 
and services, such as Square Cash and Square Readers for newer technologies, for the benefit of new and existing 
sellers. In the United States, beginning in October 2015, we believe many sellers will convert to EMV and NFC terminals 
due to the fraud liability shift imposed by the payment card networks. We believe this represents a significant opportunity 
to add new sellers and gain market share. In 2013, we introduced Square Cash, a payment solution designed to be the 
fastest, easiest way to pay anyone. Square Cash has expanded beyond free peer-to-peer money transfers to also give 
sellers an easy and affordable way to get paid. 
• Increase product and service functionality. 
We are focused on improving our products and services so that they are 
applicable to a wide range of sellers and buyers. For example, our recently introduced open tickets feature in Square 
Register provides critical functionality to bars and full-service restaurants. 
• Grow our third-party App Marketplace. 
Our App Marketplace enables us to offer our sellers integration with a wide range 
of products and services from companies such as Intuit and Bigcommerce. We intend to continue to expand the benefits of 
our services by strategically partnering with third parties wherever we believe it will provide value to both their customers 
and ours. 
• Increase third-party funding for Square Capital. 
A significant majority of funding for Square Capital currently comes from 
third parties who commit to purchase the future receivables related to Square Capital advances. We will continue to seek 
third-party funding for these advances so we can increase our capacity to scale the service and further mitigate our 
balance sheet risk. 
• Continue to add new products and services that extend our ecosystem. 
We will continue to introduce new products and 
services that can make use of the unique insights we garner from the integration of payments and POS services. 
115 
Table of Conteoll 
Extend Our Reach 
Strengthen our brand. 
We will continue to focus on customer experience and on delivering simple, cohesive services 
that appeal to our sellers and buyers. This focus has earned us a net promoter score of nearly 70, double the average 
score for banking providers. Our high net promoter score means our sellers recommend our services to others, 
strengthening our brand and helping to drive efficient customer acquisition. 
• Expand marketing channels. 
We plan to expand our marketing efforts across new and existing channels, including 
online and mobile marketing, retail distribution of our hardware products, television and radio advertising, direct response 
mail, and event marketing. 
• Increase adoption of services within our ecosystem. 
We will continue to use our persistent communication channels such 
as in-app notifications and dashboard alerts to highlight to sellers the value of our payments and POS services, financial 
services, and marketing services. We intend to use these and other channels to cross-sell and up-sell our seller base with 
new and existing services. 
• Enhance relationships with larger sellers. 
We will continue to invest in our direct sales and account management teams 
to facilitate the acquisition and support of larger sellers. We use custom pricing to make Square even more compelling for 
larger businesses. 
http://vAvw..us:.gov/Archivestedgar/data/1512673AX$1119312515369092/d937622dsla.htm111/6/2015 7:37:12 AM1 
CONFIDENTIAL - PURSUANT TO FED. R. GRIM. P. 6(e) 
CONFIDENTIAL 
DB-SDNY-0074866 
SDNY_GM_00221050 
EFTA01377715
