---
source_image: "legal-filing__EFTA01597159_20260130_p005_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01597159.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 550
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:09:52.708040
---

Account Information 
BSA Ltd Liability Company 
Your Account 
Account Number 
Y1 23679 
Account Title 
Pot & Kettle, LLC 
1000 Venetian Way Apt. 801 
Miami Beach, FL 33139-1043 
Account Address 
City, State zip 
Cards and Checks for this account, 
be mailed to this address: 
if requested, will 
1000 Venetian Way
Apt 801 
Miami Beach, FL 33139-1043 
Primary Account Holder 
Additional Account Relationships 
Ghislaine Maxwell 
Dish F8O Account Owner Auth 
• • 
Power of Attorney 
Disclosure of Beneficial Ownership 
UBS will not disclose your name, address and security 
position to issuers of any securities held in your 
Account. 
Margin 
Yes 
You have agreed that the Margin Agreement in the Completing Your Account Opening Process 
package governs your use of margin in this account and all other accounts you have now or any 
accounts that you may open in the future. As described in the Margin Agreement, certain securities 
in your Account may be loaned to UBS or to other persons or entities. 
Cost Basis Method 
First In,First Out 
Features and Services 
Checking 
Premier- RMA / BSA 
Account Objectives and Risk Profile 
Account Risk Profile 
Your answers to our profiling questions: 
Risk Tolerance 
Moderate 
Its 
Moderate Risk 
Investment Objective 
Produce a combination of income and capital 
appreciation 
Moderate Fluctuations, Moderate Returns 
Risk/Return Objectives 
Investment Time Horizon 
7- 10 years 
No 
a 
Short-Term Liquidity Needs 
Sweep Account Election 
Primary Sweep Fund 
Sweep Cap Election 
Cap Amount 
Secondary Sweep Fund 
UBS BANK USA BUSINESS ACCOUNT 
Yes 
$250000.00 
UBS AG DEPOSIT ACCOUNT 
U.S. Senior Political Affiliation: You have indicated that no account holder, an authorized signatory, beneficial 
owner, trustee, power of attorney, or other individual with authority to effect transactions, or any of their 
immediate family members or close associates is a Current U.S. Political Official. 
Non-U.S. Senior Political Affiliation: You have indicated that no account holder, an authorized signatory, 
beneficial owner, trustee, power of attorney, or other individual with authority to effect transactions, or any of 
their immediate family members or close associates is a Current or Former non-U.S. Political official or non-U.S. 
Religious Group/Organization or Senior/Influential representative of a non-U.S. Religious Group/Organization. 
Please review the inkonarion 
about each of your accounts 
and notify your Financial 
Advisor immedetely if jou 
have any changes or 
correction. 
For more information, tat"ase 
refer to the UBS Deposit 
Account Sweep Program 
Disclosure Statement. 
Please note the account ask 
profile and investment 
objective below are specific only 
to this accounts other accounts 
nay have thfferent account risk 
profiles and investment 
otlectwes. 
Your Account Risk Profile for 
this particular account is defined 
as: 
Moderate Witting to accept 
some risk to pfincipat and tolerate 
some volatility to seek higher 
returns. 
Different accounts may have 
different risk profiles 
Your Investment Objective 
Produce a Combination of 
Income and Capital 
Appreciation Myestmems 
seeking both the generation of 
income and growth of principal. 
In accounts with conservative 
or moderate risk profiles, 
investment eligibility 
considerations help us 
identify whether you maybe 
egibk to invest in certain 
higher risk securities as a 
portion of your portfolio. 
These investments offer 
additional &versification. 
A sensor political official is 
defined as a President or Vice 
President Cabinet Member, 
Supreme Court justice, 
member of the bin: Chiefs 
Staff, Member of Congress or 
a Parliament, Chairperson. 
Head or Senior Leader of a 
major religious organization, 
or the like. 
5 
CONFIDENTIAL 
SDNY_GM_00009473 
5 
EFTA01597163
