---
source_image: "legal-filing__EFTA01684802_20260130_p1854_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01684802.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 652
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:09:53.282153
---

Pii ir o'BoRERWAIRATE COPY 
adrours nisei 
MrMRE.RSIIIP i
rewards 
FIRST 
Points Used this Period continued 
08/01/08- 08/31/08 
Total Points Used 
This Period 
8500 Bergdorf Goodman Gift Card 
60,000 
Accarnt numbs 0326152£06 
Total 
1,000,000 
Request 
Date 
8122,08 
Page 8 of 10 
Pants used this period includes Redemptions and Transfers. Points earned may be used as long as all enrolled Card accounts are in good 
standing Points used cannot be reversed back into your program account. Forfeited points can be reinstated for a fee by calling the number 
provided below. Eligible Card charges are outlined in the Membership Rewards program Terms 8 Conditions in your Program Guide. If you have 
questions, please visit vninv.americanexpress.comtewards or call 1-800.297-1300. For international, call coiled 305-816.2799. 
Transfer Membership Rewards® Points to Iberia 
and Fly to Spain 
Now you can transfer points to Iberia Plus. the Iberia Airlines 
Frequent Flyer Program, part of oneworld Alliance. 
IBERIAI 
7
iZ(..S 
LUXURYONLY' 
cruises 
SHARP 
sl 
The` 
owir 
Melting Pot 
a fondue restaurant 
Toms N condOon2 or Ow Meenbersho Reward Inger, o•1,. For niOnit ekernalKin 
manbersalonnmsd
nus Taxa and loos may apply. Indadtal porter redraws may apply.
Paloconv purrs* Ara ad Mal* rtvada ore KEW IOChing• read rate. 
Earn Triple Points with LuxuryOnly, The Luxury 
Cruise Division of CruisesOnly 
Set sail with LuxuryOnly and receive an exceptional value 
and choice. Book a luxury cruise through LuxuryOnly.com 
with your enrolled Card and you can earn triple 
Membership Rewards. points. Book your sailing by 
June 30, 2009. for sailing through December 31, 2010 
and watch how fast the points can add up! 
Boris pant> ors vat 07/01AX b 00009. To be elobel0 can are ponb 
mist be eer plain the 
Mort:raw Rasta program rP,PlIaTel 
wP ,,Cl'am, ard S. mat Cavnp )W trp on an 
caablo moist Arnerccn E)poseli Cr!. Banos pare wit:emoted b) your accost ate ayyrg s 
corolstoi aid cad scary sui:sct to verloaton Dec. s no rvuntri a,aum et Mentesnop Rends 
;ono )co anon bps bolts pans on on./ be end cn mew,. 
cna,orn 
nos alCrani: 
o'
s2 ca.bouttFcr moo ntorrnitOn m
 PrOGren. **el mernOsrstiprewardscornIsrms ot 
I-BOBAXP-EARN. Bonus 0. 
Savo 10,000 Points on a Sharp 22" 10:10 
Widescreen LCD HDTV 
Sharp's 22" LCD-TV provides a convenient built-in DVD 
television solution with a distinctive design. This TV features 
a side-loading progressive scan DVD player, high brightness, 
high contrast ratio, low-reflection glare protection, and wide 
viewing angles. 
Visit memberahlprewards.com or call 1.800-AXP-EARN 
(297-3278) and redeem 81,900 Membership Rewards 
points for Reward Code: PRM1891. 
In 
ard ccedb:rs d its Merrtershoftssosts Parr *OF. 
Dine at The Melting Pot and Earn Double Points 
September 1 - October 31, 2008 
Earn double Membership Rewardsm points each time you 
spend $100 or more at The Melting Pot. At any of our 133 
locations nationwide, you can enjoy a choice of four flavorful 
• 
cooking styles and a variety of tasty entrees served with 
special dipping sauces. The menu also includes creamy 
cheese fondues, salads, fine wines and mouthwatering 
chocolate fondue desserts. 
CAW aid P10146 10031.03 br rclmdual santacias d $10) a men a any The IMIVrp Pot To to 
algae bean borne pare. )OJ moil be infarct n fro Phrbeethp Ronvasts pcgran s tebid 
PWChWA, aid pr mil OW, w' Pockaw on en ripbb. awcard Antrum (wen* Cad, Etna 
Kurds wti be ccoSial b tod Mertershp Reward socket wein se seeks at chairs ropes on your 
blirg warmest. Boma ID BM 
To preview this 
reward and to 
redeem points, visit 
membershIprewerds. 
coin or call 
1-800-AXP-EARN 
(297-3276) 
(MR Message 1751) 
Vise us online 
wvar.luxuryonty.00m 
or call 1-N0-711-4230 
for more details 
(MR Bonus ID 7545) 
Redeem now and save 
points' 
(MR Message 1756) 
To start redeeming 
Membership Rewards 
points today, log on to 
membershlprewards. 
coin or call 
1.800-AXP-EARN 
(297-3276) 
(MR Bonus ID 6732) 
Offers are made only to Cardmembers who meet certain qualifying criteria. By responding you will triMEx001857
disclosing to the merchant that you meet these criteria. 
SDNY_GM_00327657 
EFTA_002004 11 
EFTA01686655
