---
source_image: "deposition-transcript+legal-filing+affidavit+court-document__EFTA01512640_20260130_p001_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA01512640.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 858
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T16:48:15.053961
---

J.P.Morgan 
FINANCIAL TRUST COMPANY, INC. ACCT 
For the Period 9/1/09 to 9/30/09 
All positrons in this Margin Account Portfolio are held In cusmoy at J.P Morgan Clearing Corp. (t)PMCC"). One Metrotech Center North. Brooklyn. NY 11201.3859, (.347) 643.2578 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR STATEMENT 
Contact your client service specialist if you think your statement is incorrect or you requireadditional information about a transaction on your statement 
irroolantInform•bonRegivdtagAuction Rate Secure*. (ARS) ARS✓adebta prolienedsecuress wen an interest or dmdend reteresol ponoicafyin an etucbon Although Vero may be de.*. aSiookyani monde/resets there is no gustaroarowit there wit be Nudity It 
Mee✓end enough bids at an auction do redeemthe 'rowdies everoblefcr sale Pematemay be a hued micron In a feted auction. theree no roam once net a mcondarymarket we developer that de security wit Smear p✓se any ether prirorefietheden statements. 
Auccertregry. rni[00,9 shade/no! rely On hissing inkrmatenappeanng Pee Varmints with reepeCtIO ARS 
JP149 and JPMCC <remembersold* SecwIresirwestorProkictionCaperobonESIPC, Secunbes and cask held kr a customer at JPMCC areprofected by &PC p lo 5500000 per customer. ~ 
includes up lo 5100.000 of profectiat b cash SVC does not prefect 
rigour: lassos Nom arceerabons vi the randthe mambos Assets heal m wordy by JPIaorgenClese Bank NA rIFINCEroatenol subset b SIPC Pm mite 'Marathon about SIFCCoromgeincluing the SIPCBrochure. vas wow sex ✓g a DynamoSO:Cat (202) 
371-8 X0 
To tete th lent aeoroable please read the Sowing disabuses regardingestanated woos:income (PAnand saturated yak IrET)EMantl Eflor calm' I types of sectintosoould made erMu'n a/atoms:a ceptel gams in much casetheEA/and EYnculd Sovarstaled EA: 
and Eves erbmateS and The actual mane and yea meant be lower a hither than the estematedamounts EYreeects Only the meson* generated by an vivestrnent t does not reflecfchangeo An Aa pn:e. which mayflucttero 
-PPM& JPMCS or tnev &Freres (the 1 P Morgan Correarsee)mey proveleadminalrative. custodial. sees &drosses+, or shareholder rovcesto JP1Mosan Funds Anteroom Century Fun& oe Manta estabkshed sponsored, advised, or managed by trod panes and The 
JP Irtagen Commutes may be compensated for such serve., 
A Marc ealstatement o ths cepencationss eveieMeto you fa pamonalinspacton M its oftees, a a copy ma be roved to you upon written request 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR MARGIN ACCOUNT 
Please review your account statement and promptly report any inaccuracy or discrepancy including possible unauthorized tracing activity, unrecorded dividend payments and unaccomtletl Cash positions in wining to both the 
introducing broker, JPMSI and the clearing Arm, JPMCC M the addresses shown en your statement Any oral communication should be re.caa timed In *elfin to further protect your nghts, including your rights under the Secunties 
Investor Protection ACt (SIPA). If you have any Questions. please contact your JPMSI Acrourit Representative or JPMSI Compliance CeparTmem at 
Pease *MO tro Won mg in mad when weep SM statement p Peck yaw brdereopachrsy This stsremerni Oarean you,' genets imatfp)occount with let spec., nwrhara um account roqueed by Section 22216 RegueronT As moused by Regulabon T. a Innen! 
mead cl tom aep✓aleaa'aints avarobleupon )01.1/ request 
Important Information abets/ Pricing and MIAOW. 
Cedes, assets ineemleng but net Mmbd la pooled pirate imestrronts. nonpurody boded and mroquently boded 'counties. d✓iretves. pattneraro interests and tangible assets are genera5r eectuel. the valued which may have been provided to us by trod poles who 
may not be independent of the issuer°, manager Such inkernsbon a retlectelas of the east dale prowled to ut ✓d is not ndep✓dety vented 
Rotes some d whet we monied by pndng service a titer secede whet we deem reestae. We net gu✓anNad for eXuraCy a as rentable %NAM 
Fre °Cede Daemon en you account are not segregated and may be used m the operation of JPACCs business. sited b the Sweetens of SEC Ride 150-3 (Mess croensise noted JPMCC et es agents and deporocried net hold your securities Upon tour demand. 
JPMCC wit pay to yo✓ the amount &row tree tarot Mance. and we deliver lo you luAyses serontee nett on you bens, 
Interestmel be Charged on any deed Wane.. the mitered Of Ceettreaeng nMests desCrited m a beer nal to at m✓gin customers.
You should neve recened separate confirnabons As each sew*es transaction AN tronseroono ✓e subject fo Me kerns and corolecos slated on the remiseside of such ccarmabons and ✓e 
Stabled k Me 00neleutioli erten customs and interpretations of the 
maroMplecewhete executed and governed by and construed in accordance with the laws 0 the Slate el New Yak and MroprocabletroWallaws and nagularons Fume,anf✓antton min respect to commotion and other charges restate:Ito the mumunon of transactions 
=Wing aprons benumb:no. has been irrroledm confernabons that w✓epovoudyfu'nehel to you Upon Arden request IPMSIvall panel& supply you with The blest such inkrmabon 
Sank prr4uds and s✓vice ✓e &Awed through !Pia and its aisles Securest ✓e ot✓M by JEWS, ✓d 
cle✓ed through JPMCC 
lfa Pepe CST nide wet respect to an dye It Steel included en your Account we wit •Atmehttle cell by a maned to which we deem equitable 
You must prompaVedm erJPM9 of meterialChanges in rour investment cetednes0" Onancralseueten Unless you Inform JPMSl OMenroe. JPMSI wW OOMMer The Mtnsbo cprntyv, is AIM JO be Complete end °Case* 
Account 
Page 5 of 6 
Page 16 of 17 
Confidential Treatment Requested by JPMorgan 
Chase 
CONFIDENTIAL 
JPM-SDNY-00038487 
SDNY_GM_00307685 
EFTA01512640
