---
source_image: "deposition-transcript__EFTA02515276_20260210_p005_i001.png"
source_pdf: "EFTA02515276.pdf"
method: pdf_text
words: 583
confidence: 1.00
extracted: 2026-02-13T17:05:41.031723
---

The central allegation made by = 
in your article published on 7 March 2011 is that she was 
=ecruited by our client who the same day, took her to Mr Epstein's =ansion, where she met and then had sex with Mr 
Epstein whilst our client was present. Our client emphatically de=ies that this ever happened. 
We wrote to you following publi=ation of these allegations in 2011 and 2014 and you stood by them.<=> 
It now emerges that this is not 
case at all. Rather, that it was somebody =Ise, who is unnamed, 
and not our client who is alleged to have led Virgini= to Mr Epstein's bedroom and who was then present whilst Ms 
claims to have had sex with Mr Epstein.<=> 
This is an entirely different v=rsion of events. It cannot, or should not, have escaped your notice =hat the story 
you published this Sunday was so materially different from t=e allegations previously published that both versions of 
events cannot be reconciled. As both versions are b=sed on interviews with Ms M, 
she has clearly lied. You should 
=ave reported this prominently, and drawn the conclusion that her testimony=is unreliable. 
Further, you should have conduc=ed a professional investigation, in which you would have spoken to, amongs= 
others, her family and you would then have learnt that her father states =hat Ms 
told him she met the Queen 
when she came to London. You could have checked that with Buck=ngham Palace and would have found it to be untrue. 
This shows Ms Rob=rts makes up stories. 
Further, you ought to have esta=lished that 
was employed in a burger bar which is wholly 
=nconsistent with her sex slave account. We understand that Ms Robert= left America shortly after her then employer 
reported that she had stolen money. 
We have previously drawn to you= attention that 
was one of the complainants THAT 
SURFACED=CONTEMPORANOUSLY AND MAY HAVE BEEN generated by Scott Rothstein who was ja=led for a substantial 
period for his part in a Ponzi fraud scheme, which related to encouraging investors to fu=d litigation against Epstein in 
respect of which Rothstein produced false =laimants. 
As you know, Brad Edwards, 
current advisor worked for Rothstein.</=pan> 
Despite the fact that Rothstein=was convicted of serious criminal offences of fraud relating to his conduc= in 
generating false claims, that is a matter that you have ignored within=your reporting. Any balanced journalism would 
have looked at the circumstances of the origin of the claim, have in=estigated its voracity and then taken a view as to 
whether or not it was a=curate before reporting it. 
Your reporting has failed to ad=ress the material inaccuracies in 
account and yo= have used Ms 
obviously false allegations to denigrate ou= client, who as Robert Maxwell's daughter YOU VIEWED AS an easy 
target. 
Ms 
claims are =antasy fuelled including the suggestion that she had sex with a famous pri=e minister. 
You have not challenged her to name this person as you s=ould have done, as this is yet another fantasy. 
It should be apparent to you th=t Ms 
and Scott Rothstein'S FIRM ORIGINALLY GOT get t=gether to make 
HER FALSE AND DEFAMATORY DEPOSITION false claims. Had=these been properly investigated you would have 
reported them as such, if you reported them at all. 
FURTHER AS YOU ARE FULLY AWARE =ON OF HER CLAIMS HAVE BEEN TAKEN UNDER OATH AND THEREFORE 
NOT TESTED TO AN= STANDARD OF PROBITY 
The above calls for an apology =o our client, RETRACTIONS IN PRINT and a detailed explanation.</=> 
5 
EFTA_R1_01649572 
EFTA02515280
